I bet there is an army of married couples who did the same exact thing.
This could only end badly.
My sister squeezed a lime in her milk when she was 12. Same thing happened, but we told her it would happen AFTER she did it ..
Thank you so much❤️
Stinks because ive been in this program for a year with no pay.....back to the drawing board.
The overall response is try and empower women, abolish prostitution and stop giving lazy men money because they want to live out their idiotic fantasy lives.
Your market sucks
here’s hoping the same is true for me!
She looks like a televangelist.
Rap that will Cut other raper's throat. Who said that? @Paedeezy #badd #wicked. #bright city lights #badd #wicked #bright
She’s a good person who stands up for people not like her, and they can’t stand that.
I do but I like my job. I just hate the fact I HAVE to go do it.
What were they mumbling at the end before the commercial break? That was weird.
I wanna go to fright fest with squad
Everything I order online just comes looking like a piece of shit 😤
Thanks <3
holy lmao im a dolt lol.
@lefluerr Lol yeah I read that but I stayed up and didn't nap tillI collect 3 people who I think they've got me 😂😂!!
I don't get your point. I love the grind as well, that's why I tried to get dark matter and prestige master.
Dear [NAME], please help [NAME] be less disgusting. Amen.
LIIIIIIIIIII🅱IIIIIIIIIIIIT. fat bastard was on sunday that i’m too lazy to crop the photo.
Why did it fracture from just a kick?
maybe you learned it from the yellow vest movement in France?
This is where the story gets CREEPY.
My god, what is WRONG with people? So glad you’re okay, OP!!
I love the way he looks at them to see if he should keep panting.
Wow he is very gifted! I hope he continues to freeze more buffalos!
“Talent determines your speed; effort determines your height and endurance.” — Work hard, harder, hardest.
Poor critter D:
Huh, so there should be no more men's and women's sports, bathrooms, prisons, etc.?
Except... that's exactly what I was taught in [RELIGION] school. One god, theee aspects.
I know this might be an unpopular opinion from reading this post but I have a gut feeling that [NAME] and [NAME] would pair up really well together.
You didn't need to split this into two posts...
Feels like no one’s spared. Chinese public may lack expertise, but at least they don’t drink disinfectant like Americans.
Exactly! The mob mentality of these people is sad! Let's bring some love and peace into the world!
Liberal circlejerk “ o ya those conservatives suck” 10,000 upvotes
HEY BEAUTIES ITS ME SASHA VELOUR
You conveniently ignored my response to this naivety when you said it before.
Me too! I was thinking about this yesterday.... I want to be in love again.😕
My least favorite couple: [NAME] and [NAME].
“May he never get hurt cycling, no swollen knees, no muscle strain; may he always be safe, joyful, and smooth on his cycling journey.”
I don’t know how to write odds for an event as certain as that.
The 5 days got an audible "[NAME]" out of me. That's terrifying.
digitally executed lol.
Hey man skol vikings. Support however you’d like, just as long as you support
Thanks, i have to wake up early tomorrow ish.. i cant now but if i think of any other questions i will, ❤
What a joke
Probably because he is in a spiderman suit and is planning on doing something funny.
Organs are literal superfoods and it weirds me out there hasn't been some fad diet with them yet.
The fact that you got a kill with the auger is impressive enough...here’s an upvote
Kayaking is merriment together with sevylor inflatable kayaks: eYGgJxMl
Would you give your used underwear to your best friend/romantic interest? >!I know I have.!<
I'm flying home to stl tonight. Land at 8pm. Have to get all the way down 44.....fuck.
Tough scene for [NAME]
I was always in awe of just how stunning she was. She doesn't photograph well though, it's a shame.
Yeah I just saw that. The wheels are turnin' :)
It doesn't look like it.
Ooh, the pupil proportion was wonderful at this time.
I try to keep my hands busy. I would do better when I have acrylic nails because it wasn’t as easy/just wasn’t the same.
He was shrieking at everything up until then. Like I said I was worried in the beginning but sometimes it works out.
*sobbing* I love you bro, you always there for me *continues sobbing*
Good for you. But ignoring [NAME] situation makes the article pointless.
I keep getting my posts removed and banned from that sub. 😒
Wow, didn't expect this thread to get philosophical.
> their personal choices and clothing are distinct from their legislation and policies. This has got to be a fucking joke. What universe do you live in?
I know I've painted quite a grim picture of your chances. But if you simply stand here, we will both surely die.
I was having a #BadDay and i went on #YouTube and watched @domoandcrissy reaction to old pics. #Thanks #ladies for the #laughs #badday #youtube #thanks #ladies #laughs
That entire family is so embarrassing.
OMG... Dad!
What a dumbass question to start with...
Bop employee here. Not GLAD
then I shook my head.
Woah, dude. That's some research! You should totally make video essays and earn some bucks on YouTube.
some people really need a life outside drag race. not me, but some people.
TheNiceBot: IndyMN I thought the holidays could not get any more cheerful, and then I met you. #TheNiceBot #الخفجي #thenicebot #الخفجي
Talked with my parents. It was so relaxing and beautiful <√9 Thank you a lot ❤
oh no I agree that its edited, but I think she has other things going on too.. BDD at least
HAPPY BIRTHDAY THOUGH, YOU BEAUTIFUL MOFO!!
Pretty please!?
I wasn't meaning it as an insult or anything, sorry if it came off that way.
Oh yeah. I love stepping out of the tub and putting my wet foot on COLD TILE. More like thanks I love this
This is from Punjab, India. It’s a new dumb trend.
It's honestly the best news I've heard all season.
Just watch anime,play games,watch movies or sleep. If you feel extra energetic then work out a bit. At least this is how I spend my time
Lol "not sure what I'm going to do." Maybe stop digging through people's trash and judging it?
Good luck to you! Also good job for standing up for yourself
Omg so true 😂
I told you I'm not in the mood for a snog tonight!
Great movie. Great TV show. Simply perfection.
Edward rid me of my distraction by biting my shoulder.
I also thought he was a she at first. Lol
Shes awful and its all about her. Try again. And when the show has awful ratings thatll be confirmed.
I did the dishes yesterday, fell asleep, woke up to the sink full and I didn't even eat dinner but I have to do the dishes.
>very good teams and perfect situations Situations such as.... [NAME] at the Knicks? Lmao dude, give it up.
Swear to God don't get a smart meter from your power company, 8 months of daft bills, 6 visits from British Gas  #stressed #stressed
Partial reopening within the next two weeks for services to the [NAME], but unfortunately for some a lot of the government is never coming back from this.
Wow, I was JUST wondering what the bit characters on the show make. $250? - that’s it?!
What? lol no. I feel bad they have to, but there are legit people who enjoy wearing it to show devotion.
Never said that. Not once. Punishment isn’t slavery. Unless you’d rather just kill lawbreakers
I interview applicants and respect people that ask about work life balance and harassment policy... are applicants afraid of asking these questions?
It’s the NRA, I don’t think it should shock anyone regardless.
It was SO hard to click the upvote button on this one. It's one of those "I hate it. Well done" moments.
Sorry to hear that was all it got :/
#ArchangelSummit @sethgodin  Anyone can be brave but you just have to last 5 mins longer than everyone else. #leadership  #archangelsummit #leadership
By pushing misleading and false information, your agenda is dividing [NAME].
Please, you deserve life, you know it deep down inside
When I pulled her back in, her hand went to the perfect spot on my chest.
Oh boy... it must actually be kind of nice to be completely oblivious to how the people around you are feeling.
Xbox 360. I’ve never gamed before so I’m excited.
Damn I’d be worth more taken apart and put in ice than I am put together and living
Just paid out my arsehole for a couple of New Found Glory tickets but it's gonna be a GREAT start to my birthday weekend 👊
Except for [NAME] whose remains are either still on the way to Winterfell or lost altogether
Long day, kind tweets, our melancholy, @DownFrontArtist defeats.
Posting someone elses camp on reddit? Really? haha.
Man hope he recovers fast. Looked really painful
... flat party and I instantly get bollocked about it. #fuming #fuming
I’m sorry. Happy Birthday! I care ❤️
Fantastic thanks! If there’s anything I can do to help you out with the interview or your first year teaching let me know!
While others ease up, Hanzhong, Shaanxi, quarantines all low-risk arrivals — herding people like cattle; with hotels full, they sleep in shells and tents.
Que the motorcyclist getting up and pulling a pistol out on the driver for “endangering” his life...
Where have I seen this before? Oh [NAME].
Cause hes black and black people don't care about white guilt philosophies. Also [RELIGION] isn't a race idiot
You can find something sexist or racist or disparaging of some group in just about every movie or tv show.
My boss likes to stand in my office &amp; smile at me like a shark: maliciously gleeful, and ask me how am I as if I have a secret to tell her.
I was killed by him I didn’t actually run. By the time he got back he wasn’t there
Well, my masochistic curiosity got the better of me. I've seen worse, but that's going on the blacklist for damn sure.
I rarely get full manic. Lithium just took away my mixed irritable angry episodes and I'm pretty sure those aren't superpowers lol
Society has once again falsely made men look cold and emotionless. You're normal.
Open the bedroom door, Brandon fast asleep on the bed.
Omg! There's one in every family. And every classroom.
A #smile brightens your day and the day of everyone around you, so remember to #smile, it's #free. :-) #smile #smile #free
That's the laziest bro I've ever seen
It's just begun ladies and gents. The war on racism has begun. #sadness #Segregation continues.... smh 😒 #sadness #segregation
GT: LAMZY GG - don't do missions that much unless I need to farm meat but I'll add for the additional mission contact 👌👌
So what about it is chicks then?
Groom gloom.
Excellent, I was wondering about [NAME] the moron recently.
I'm sorry for that.
Thanks bud!
Yeah I've become extremely cynical since I started making these sorts of realizations.
Is it weed? I’m curious to ask if you know what weed smells like?
I wouldn’t call Sargent Peppers underrated by any stretch of the word
No one ever laid on their death bed and said, “I regret not working even harder.”
I love that idea!! And the homework is almost always work that wasnt finished in class. None of her teachers assign homework unless its a project.
Oh my [NAME] how did I miss that😂
Hey! Your mom sucks.
What? You don't know what punishment is?
it's not but damn i'm sorry to hear how common this is
There is no evidence connecting him to the crime.
My fault too, should read AST!
She probably knows but is ignoring it. Lol
I guess if you want to ignorantly label people you know nothing about then I'm whatever you care to imagine me as
They're awesome live too. Non-stop jamming. Seen them a bunch of times live.
Yep, they still have the youth sweatshirts as of a couple days ago. Wish they had adult sizes!
America is cool
As long as he knows [NAME] won’t take his shit lol
Keep it going. Love your hot takes on this sub.
Is this game any good? I like the idea of a card game based on neckbeard culture.
@noveliciouss OMG, that's such a beautiful quote. #breathless #amwriting #breathless #amwriting
BUT GUIS I THOUGHT [NAME] WAS PRO GUN? This should put the final nail in anyone still foolish enough to think that.
[NAME] received millions of dollars from an MLM by endorsing it. Not sure what is so complicated about this indisputable fact for you.
Then I disagree that being a cog in someone’s machine is reason to be resentful.
@TJ_FASHO lmao clown my own hair I'm going to dread lmao
judah!!
When there is 1 in 20 posts that is remotely serious and it gets 20 upvotes Vs 1200 of those that memes get...
Best rapporteur ever? [NAME] and [NAME] from Outkast.
@JackAndAHat butter up the walls, nightmare
The two proceeded to grab my body, one at the knees and the other at my shoulders.
Oh that’s funny!! Nothing better than someone with a pee fetish lmfao
North Wahroonga. Lovely clear day, then some distant rumblings, 10 mins later pea-sized hail. Summer <3
I was linked the unarchived link and it has some important updates. Wish the OP wasn't so salty and linked the actual
Fee otherwise tricks: palm oil delegation mt jaunty resident: TZxCHLdAQ
Its not gonna happen.
Yup, it's from the latest episode. Thanks! :[NAME]!
He’s my #1 pick for HC. Love this guy! #1
BUT THE HAMBERDERS
I saw gluten free cat grass at the pet supplies store once. Did not know that was a thing
So I got up so I could pee, sat down and proceeded to throw up all over my legs and underwear.
How dare you assume my mortality! >:O
A guy commenting, please tell her the truth. Please
Let's be real though, the waifu is probably younger than his kidfu
Honey get me the napalm
That’s great, thanks for the reply and info.
Where do you see that? There's a big red spot on the left side, not the right side.
Nah some people naturally have rapid ass metabolisms like that. I sit around all day, but I’m skinny as a rail.
Nope, not a [NAME] fan at all.
[NAME]. Starring [NAME] as the goofy and lovable [NAME].
Oh don't thank me, thank the uploader! They did a quick job.
Pedes hate him!
f breezy
I assume you mean how men are guilty until proven innocent in rape cases and how many places refuse to accept women can commit rape
She also takes it off to shower, work out, wash dishes, etc.
You’re an amazingly helpful man. All the rumours about you are false.
“What a bummer. He ded. I look at sky. Maybe bird make me happy.”
That sucks man, I'm sorry. Things will get better, they always do in the end
What's it matter?!?!
Well, dig him out of there!
Ha congrats!
Wow amazing gift you have there being able to tell who someone voted for just because they were rude
Thats absolutely disgusting.
I was trying to make the point that the patient is still having a seizure; it's just not visible because they are paralyzed.
no it wouldn't
"THE SAMPLE SUCKS! THAT TOWN HALL MEETING WASN'T EVEN AS GOOD AS THE TLIC ONE"
No, I mean one of the team's home grounds was literally a high school.
Wow I guess alcoholics and drug addicts done exist either! and everyone always makes logical great decisions!!
I'm the plane boy! I'm the one who flies!
Picture was gorgeous. What TV is that?
Including the fact that once I pirate something, i usually will purchase it later on either through frustration / poor quality/ actually loving the product / etc
@o2academybham since when the fuck can you not stand at a concert? #raging #raging
I really don’t think [NAME] will leave him. Regardless of if he’s cheating or not.
This just oozes passive-agressiveness. I love it!
Go and feel it so your body can let it go.
Who could have thought that anti-semitism would have taken hold in feminism? Why would anyone think that animosity toward an entire group of people is welcome there?
You are normal. Very normal.
#food  #деньги #smile   microsoft_.net_framework_4.5.1_full_plus_by_gora #food #деньги #smile
I've never been so bored with so much money on the line. I am numb now.
I was surprised too
“Real men”. [NAME] be more offensive.
Please tell me you forgot the /s
I can say when I was 16 I never did anything even remotely as hateful as what these kids did. It's really easy.
This is why you either keep your distance or shoot them.
Top ten nicest things anyone has ever said to me!
I'm not surprised. The inherently moral British race will naturally respect human rights, without the need for silly legislation to *make* them do so.
Regardless of green code or 48-hour test, going home means quarantine then detention — these officials are way too overbearing.
When *[NAME]* has to talk you out of an idea, you know you've got to rethink how you're living your life.
I feel like I say this a lot but I wish we'd run the mudiay frank back court more, I like their chemistry together
I cut onions to hide my feelings.
It's rigor mortis but don't change it haha it's funny, good r/boneappletea material
[NAME] are proof of this.
Right there with you! Unladylike was so depressing, I couldn't keep listening to it.
Congrats. Having a steady job (and one that I actually enjoy somewhat) is the #1 thing that helped me out with depression/anxiety. #1
Thanks for sharing! I loved [NAME] interview too haha. Looking forward to his on-court reunion with [NAME].
OK man I am relatively new so I know what worked for me and I based off of much of the advice I got, partially from this reddit lol
Just what I needed to hear today! Thanks!
[NAME] did a YT vid and now everyone trying to be like him. Sad!
I don't think you see it in the flames sub... if you do it's probably a joke
I much prefer when the CB is given a taste of their own medicine. Far more satisfying than being polite. This one is great!
you can tell she's insanely insecure by her body language and they way she poses for pics.
Hey thanks, I appreciate it!
Ugh, I want to have his baby too...
@MHChat if we don't understand how to express our emotions to others, may lead to sadness / loneliness &amp; neg impact on long term mh #MHChat #mhchat
It's a fair question to be sure. Crime dramas have largely overstated the importance of reading [NAME] rights, so most people have the same misconceptions.
It captures and exemplifies everything a year on the cushion entailed: Showing up, working hard, exerting effort, maintaining sincere intent, paying close attention, shutting my mouth, opening my eyes, sweating, getting dirty, bleeding, waiting, tipping over, falling down, getting up, staying the course.
Yet we still have deaths, road rage, &amp; violations on the road, despite a widely accepted concept of 'personal accountability' while driving
I don't know who that is so it wasn't intentional
I friggin love [NAME]. Are we sure she aint [NAME] in disguise?
That’s an interesting point, thank you.
yeh and the new ones just feel like reskin cod games sadly
That's clearly a clickbait title. Chances are it didn't actually happen.
I dated a girl once who made a gb with her cup holder. Dropped my phone in it once
That’s kind of what makes the “guest” response funny, how did it get there?
Injury history alone makes him super unattractive.
BibleMotivate: Are you worrying/worried?\n1Peter 5:7\nThrow all your worry on him, because he cares for you. #faith #leadership  #mindfu… #faith #leadership #mindfu
ORANGE MAN BAD GOLD TO THE LEFT
Have a good good upvote!
Originally Posted September 18th, 2007 I walked down the driveway, pushing back the stinging pain that kept trying to force a few tears out of my eyes.
It keeps more people employed that way.
i never liked any star trek but its great listening to them talk about this dumbster fire
Its not the 90s old man. Now if you said you like pancake asses, thats juicy
I knew this was stupid when the shittastic music came on.
@CI  I don't think Monalisa has respect for anyone but herself! I think she'll ruffle a few feathers. #TheJail #thejail
Gift from [NAME]
as [NAME] wishes he didnt want to be buried so they had is ashes thrown in a lake in india as [NAME] wanted please respect his wishes
But in the end, it doesn’t even matter
Thanks for this 😂
Really? I find being left alone better than being harassed, honestly.
Al-anon.org I promise you will find the freedom you so desperately want inAlanon.
My heart is too full for words.
And you were too stupid to find your own sriracha, or you thought that $7.50 entitled you to your personal dancing monkey.
This thought brings me too much joy. The tantrum-throwing traitor has taken me to a very dark place.
Poor eyes. Can’t even see and is sent to the trunk.
Recent Russian behavior is unacceptable...no doubt about it.
Whoa, wasn't expecting a rational take on this here on reddit. Well done.
Absolutely no one was surprised at her choice to run in 2016...
@mcrichard awe that's adorable
Ok, I guess I gotta show some commitment, thanks!
@GOtvNg CN seems like you only appreciate good reviews. No apologies to my concern years ago.
I don’t remember [NAME] saying that tbh
The Gillette commercial slandered men as being creatures of evil
Perfect example of the disgusting misuse of ‘Orwellian’ on this website
you dirty karma theft
He now looks like his daughter wearing a fake beard.
So you're not a incel LMFAO. Go bang more women bro better then that get some friends bro. I'm not Livestreaming with you.
As Kings fans both my brother and I laughed out loud that it wasn't called. Looked sick though.
Good bot lol
Please care to enlighten me :( I feel the same way as OP and I'm desperately wanting a way out.
Thanks dude, speaking of the Sahara thay is how dry our texting has gotten. Any tips to spark it back up?
Oh but they will be sweet photos to look at in the future.
I love when people call 500ms lights useless.
Huh. That’s kind of crazy.
Beats is accurately all-powerful with respect to high-quality high-frequency speaker in re the extra desolate relating to fire-ea:…
I’m a HR professional and deal with this all the time. You’d be surprised how ignorant most people are about their paychecks.
Been together 6 years, and I think she's the best person I know. I'm still in the phase where I love her more everyday.
They laughed in our faces for a decade. Not to mention they were actually cheating (bountygate).
You kinda arguing against him rn
Great article. Thanks for posting
I really despise that woman.
The worst thing they risk is having to become a worker.
my parents did this to my sister who was just a tomboy because they feared she was transgender and now she is super girly and not herself anymore
It’s like. They didn’t even try to catch her lmao
We’re playing well, except for a 2 minute stretch. As is tradition
that's my breezy breezy breezy that's my breezy that's my buzzinnnnnn.
I'm scared because we don't really have any isolation scorers right now.
shit lord beerus.
I was honestly shocked when they denied an overpayment, especially since after the charges cleared it would have been a $0 balance.
There is this story of a woman who got pregnant from anal due to some rare condition:
Get rid. This is a toxic relationship that is making you unhappy. You are making all efforts for nothing in return.
This is actually so funny, this is something id expect from Australian sports media since we're shit at broadcasting but lmao
The grass pupper looks so clean and fluffy!
@Gervaisoholic But this is no easy ride for a child cries: \n'Oh, find me...find me, nothing more, \nWe are on a sullen misty moor...'
Seriously. [NAME] is a hero. I heard he was a volunteer firefighter during 9/11.
I got there about 7:00 a.m. and started losing up my legs and doing some yoga.
Wouldn’t cheddar tear for that joke
----- #phobia = irrational fear of or aversion to something. Synonyms: dread, horror, terror, dislike, distaste, aversion BUT not a crime #phobia
I remember reading this on a rage comic site 7 years ago hahaha!
Interesting that's what I usually do... Are you me?
Then, we issued the first strike.
I have a solid plan in place, definitely not an impulse decision. Just curious about other people’s experiences.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
[NAME], feel bad for that streamer, everyone has their moments on this game, it’s understandable
Oh dayum. Didn't notice that the first time I looked at it. Yikes for OP.
Only when going to sleep, already seen them all way too many times...
Buddha doesn't possess enough power to deliver you from your affliction!
Well this hurt tonight but it could have been worse. Plus the bears choked. LOL. Offset the hurt a bit.
I don't know about you but parroting racist lies created specifically to devalue AM sexuality is a pretty serious indicator of racism to me.
that missed dunk is so symbolic of [NAME] lol
The people on r/politics who obsess over the [NAME] investigation are not "leftists".
We will probably get our chance again next episode without [NAME] becoming a psychopath.
Wowza...you hit the roommate jackpot huh? She sounds unobservant and a special level of insensitive. Pray for her future patients.
I had a similar fear last month after exceeding the two hours in a Homebase car park.
[NAME] came back week 17. Might be coincidence, but I'd definitely keep an eye on that.
Hello! Happy new years my friend!
@paige_christian awe man, when are you free then? ☹️️☹️️☹️️💘💘💘
I also always wear a condom with straight guys. Who knows where they’ve been...
Thanks for this. I was about to relapse but am still going strong.
I have no idea what you’re talking about, so do you have carpentry experience and/or background in engineering?
Good job...
2019 should just be a picture of a trash can or dumpster on fire. Amazing how shitty DICE can make things in 10 years.
Real nice, swearing up a storm right in front of your kids.
I live in the South, lol, and this is really accurate.
And this is a big part of why no chain supermarkets will open in 'underprivileged' neighborhoods.
Isn't that redundant?
@jessbr0ughton don't be shy next time! We're a cheery bunch. :) \n\nSam. X
@Batman_ofgotham Her golden brown hues met with those baby blues as her arms crossed over the breasts he had been gulking at. 'Let me guess-
If I could get to GC in 30 min instead of 57, well my life would truly change.
Seems highly unethical for a lawyer to sign exclusive coverage contracts on their pending cases.
We thought he was getting better but then he turned himself around.
This isn't even co-optation this just out right hard repression.
I think [NAME] was being sarcastic.
I bow to the mighty OP, this is perfect
didn't work anyway
Eh, you can't really judge his character solely on the appearances he makes on his GF's IG without making a ton of presumptions
Just keep on digging.
Science has its role in a society. It should serve that role. It should not try to usurp morality, spirituality etc.
Been scoring big on the Groudons.. caught 4 so far. Edit: no, no shinys yet. I've had the worst luck with shinys in this game
Just let [NAME] run it as a FB
i dont give a flaming fart about averages. most people have no taste in comedy.
@PhilRosenthal Perhaps I've missed it, are you doing another season of IHWPH???\nYou are so joyous and gleeful at the the prospect of eating!
Such dumbass,I think I'm going to take my dog somewhere else
I personally like Picard better. But Kirk must have been more fun to write.
Is there much of a population? I wanted to play it back in The day and then they changed it into an almost entirely new game.
That has to be custom, right? I don’t remember them having any editions like this, looks sweet.
Why didn’t she celebrate, she redirected that one in!!
His last days were spent in a cone.
Bruh, fake music was the fucking best, wish we could go back.
Have you tried finding other communities to join? Now I know ex-[RELIGION] communities are not that common but just non-religious communities should be rather commen right?
Food stamps are a disgrace. People should get money!
I’ve just said that both biology and social norms play a part? How is that me saying that there are no biological differences?
I kinda thought that's what you had meant. I'm a simple man.
If he's mailing you cash, and you're waiting to ship the item until payment is received, i'm confused how this would be a scam.
I either look like a raging bitch, or I'm obnoxiously laughing at something not that funny. I don't think there's any middle ground.
I'm one of those students on odsp. I'm screwed.
Yeah probably should've chosen a better sub, but I couldn't think of one
In #Bangladesh war, #US almost bombed us had #Russia not been there. What strategy for #China on #Pakistan? Time ripe to crush #terror camps #bangladesh #us #russia #china #pakistan #terror
There’s a problem with your fifth picture. Even the primary landlord didn’t charge for utilities properly. Still 1.5 per kWh, 6 yuan per ton of water!
smh customers getting angry at me bc i aint got no marlboro lights in the gas hut. i called them in 2 hours ago, fuck you.
Exactly....we need a car tunnel, and then let the old road to be allowed for truck traffic.
I live here! Apparently I need to be keeping my eyes open.
I love trying new foods for the most part
Try peeling from one end and carry to the other, if you just lift up then your doing it wrong
You can do it, I believe in you!
Wow you really can’t handle losing can you?
same but with panic at the disco
Any rap song because I hate it
They’re not exactly tiny creatures. Patch that hole up, my dude.
@MHChat #mhchat Childhood experiences inform adult relationships. We have associative memories Not a question of ability to process  #mhchat
This is so good!
Yeah maybe they'll finally get a shred of evidence in another two years haha
I crave physical contact. I get irritable if I go too long without it, which conflicts with the fact that I also enjoy being alone.
And they haven't done that either. You're speculating with no basis.
Is that proving Jewishness for Halakha or for the [RELIGION] Agency?
My hands were very cold.
Now it's time to remove CB from the team somehow. Screw it. Rip the Band-Aid off. It'll sting for a bit but everyone will get over it.
Sheet cake did *nothing* to you, man
Bain of my life having to drive to a cash point, Then to a shop for change in pound coins, Then to the gym all for a bastard sunbed. #grim #grim
I wonder why don't we share this planet together as human beings instead of slaving and being like robots... [NAME]
By massive oopsies you mean had hitpieces written about them by the media in which they were lied about?
Ha. It will start calling my neighbors slurs in no time
@__NETFLIXNCHILL I fuck with madden way harder
Honestly wouldnt be bad if they just removed the handle
How come quiet well behaved cats and dogs have to ride on a plane in a tiny bag while screaming small humans roam free? #outrage #teampet #outrage #teampet
Claw since AW and logged a fuck ton of hours and no discomfort
They call it the hub and spoke system. They neglected to include a wheel.
Yes it is. It's *you* making up your odd little fabrications.
Damnit, it was *Flavor-Aid*, not Kool-Aid.
That's because it's called LATCH here and most people just call them "car seat anchors". Maybe that's why...
Millennial here. Have a few motorcycles, none of them Harleys. I do not like overpriced, unreliable and bad performing vehicles.
I prefer 240 grit sandpaper personally
This actually made me laugh out loud
Ah got it. Sounds like most CW shows (Smallville)..thanks for the heads up :)
Everything tainted with “internet celebrity” or “check-in” becomes chaotic and restless. A temple should be a pure place; an old lady kindly adopting a one-armed monkey was a wonderful deed. But after gaining online exposure, the monkey’s health and emotions suffered, and the lady was deeply hurt. Humanity’s endless vanity always brings disaster to beautiful things.
ah Yuk!
I already know what they're dealing with, i just cant help without hurting them emotionally or lying to them
@HuffingtonPost huff i know your pro-hillary and so is CNN and MSNBC, but they made no mention of this, this statement would be gold for em
So how did all the new airmen with you in that class feel like after being treated to the real Air Force?
Let's keep making that trade with different teams until we have all 32 picks in the 6th round one year Sorry, I'll go back to my NHL19
Same thing happend to me, I still sometimes fix their things if they are polite but say screw it when they angrily shout to fix their crap.
FUCKING NORMIES REEEEEEEEE
thank [NAME] it was returned
I mean maybe I did too but as you said it was a decade ago or more.
Are you my coworker? I swear my boss will randomly scream and its embarrassing.
Come on. Foul or not, that was a great move
Kinda let down tbh
She'll probably never be seen again, I fear. Thanks for reminding me of her name.
13 year old account, this guy is ancient.
Pensacola Florida 2018 not enough words to describe it. Simply amazing.
@metrotrains why is there no disabled access at pontefract monkhill? #terrible #terrible
How do you think this would have went if those two switched roles? Probably not as smooth huh
Agree. Don't assume anything, even the worst. First get the facts : while being prepared for any facts.
"What do Scottish people look like?" How I would love to have been there to take a swing at that softball.
Hi baby!
I keep swallowing chunks of infection from my sinuses that are draining. It’s really ruining the wine.
You’re like the sun — though unreachable, even getting a little closer feels so warm. Though I can’t touch you, your warmth reaches me.
I'm not sure if this is /r/titlegore or /r/nextfuckinglevel But I approve.
This bit was more fun than it should have been.
I was shocked. They were talking earlier on the news about her losing by less than 100 being a victory, of sorts.
It's time to trade our expiring deals and finally rebuild properly. Dont let me down Weltham!
@lennyabrahamson May I send you a copy of #HeroTheGreyhound? Either e-book or real paper one! A boy and a greyhound #smiles #tears  #herothegreyhound #smiles #tears
Indeed. I've had an eye removed and what you described is accurate.
That woman on the left with red shirt and blue jeans looks really calm
Expect the unexpected [NAME] funding secured.
I can do the first bit? I'm also working out lately, so we can do it together!
Finally, someone that understands you don't just get to keep information from your spouse about cheating to "protect them". That's crazy to me.
It happened and I'm very happy
@jwolfie_ why you gotta use the dark skin emoji
You're FUCKING JOKING
should have expected that ending ... but nice new (?) twist on that common joke
Wouldn’t be shocked for a lot of those guys to follow him to TB.
I’m a baptist and I laughed at this statement, have a nice day funny boi.
Awesome, thank you!
I give either a book or music my full attention, not 50% :P
I don't even know. Fyi I have this disorder that made me even antisocial day by day...
"Reasonable" and "unreasonable" have been asigned based on who agrees with you. How egotistical. You are still being childish.
Fucking [NAME] with lazy passes all night long
Got any evidence that he did? Yeah. Neither did anyone else. You leftists are really too gullible for your own good.
thats some very advanced way of thinking - and I dont think I was able to do that when I was 18
What, do you disagree that that freak can in fact buy a megaphone?
Doesn't mean it won't work for some
I thought it was his nose sliced off, got confused when I didnt see any blood
just wait till [NAME] gets his less than 10 years deal.
being reminded of that blessed image now makes me hope they won't do the whole no bipod on your back thing rip my homie franku
And now my lips are sealed.
Why do people procreate, only to bring to earth a clone of themselves that's not attractive in any way.
That face in 0:18. That's the face of happiness
What in the actual fuck....
I enjoyed that Bagel Boss commercial. Suddenly craving some Greiss Coffee.
i animated a little thing i might post it tomorrow since itll be a Good Thursday.. nice...
"I like it when you x", "can you try doing y?" - focus on positive and giving advice
My bus was in a car crash... I'm still shaking a bit... This week was an absolute horror and this was the icing on the cake...
Why are you so fucking concerned with what someone else uses to clean their teeth? You sound like a toothpaste troll.
o.o I want to be able to drop 30k on presents. [NAME]: Sounds fun.
Proud [NAME], proud European. There are at least 16m of us.
Good deal, thanks
Lmao you fart bigger to cover up the first one
Hahaha aww Noo I love Belfast! One of my favourite cities hands down
Glad I didn't watch smackdown because I can't see my men @JasonJordanJJ @WWEGable lose. #sohurt  #sohurt
[NAME]. And I’m not even trolling. I seriously love him.
Read the rules. Coming in here screaming “Muh [NAME]!” is spam.
Oh a cat !
Not all comedy is for everyone. Check out some of their other stuff, though. They're overall hilarious.
One of the 10 most expensive buildings ever constructed in the world - is that acceptable to you?
And I can't call the capitol switchboard to express my concern about this because the government is shut down. Awesome.
Pretty sure it was a joke bud
watch us play better without him
Omg I am so grateful for attending your TED Talk. (Not being sarcastic, btw. This is great)
I have no idea what that even means nor why you're being such a massive prick
There are 5 lines, am I crazy?
He may not pocket bosses’ gifts, but if he aids “crooks vs crooks” to finish tasks, doesn’t that still boost his record and career?
He is going to cheat or leave...maybe both
He also had bipolar depression, which was a major driver in his mental states...
Disgusting making [NAME] talk to this fat moron
Anyone else not like optics logo this year. The 2 greens look awful
No problem at all, glad I could help :) Cheers!
Damn that was ugly
Think you're forgetting about the shooting of [NAME]. 6 dead, including a federal judge.
It's been deleted, we can't even see what it was now (unfortunately).
Agree completely with this statement
Almost downvoted you just because that made me so angry.
While living in Japan? Never say never... but it is very hard to imagine.
Exactly, humans are selfish. That was kinda my point, my reasons are superficial and only affect me. Theirs are not.
Wow grats man. Hopefully I can use this inspiration for myself tomorrow. If there was something new you learned in this experience would share it?
We just let a guy go last month - voluntary resignation. He was a great worker but didn't want to train others.
what a cute outfit omg
Ah alright, thanks for clearing that up.
April 2018– so this sub is now all about finding the outrage needles in the haystack, eh?
If she stole a wallet with an activated card, or something along those lines. Once it's purchased, it's stealable.
Well, seeing as how communism is by definition stateless, I'd be interested to hear how one would get communism with a state...
Yeah thank you. I think I would want to know exactly what they didn’t like so I know what I can improve on.
Or just use a fast weapon. He's pretty predictable once you get his patterns down.
How did your consultation go? I would really love to hear what it was like. I'm starting to think about my future consult too.
Whatever happens, you will survive this. Keep your head up brother ✊
Thank you for the good chuckle.
Beings in my physical reality are my reflection, so me being always joyful extends to their lives.
Will keep watching, have enough bourbon to keep sanity in check.
Ask him if he wants to a warm glass of shut the hell up.
Well if he takes his daughter to a nightclub then that’s a bit inappropriate
I looked down at my hands.
[NAME] You are freaking fast
You're happy that survs DC when you play killer? I'd rather actually play the game. Legion mains are weird sometimes.
I like [NAME].
It’s not that they MAY not become priests, it’s that they CAN not become priests.
Part of life in freedom is that parents are responsible to raise their children. The only weapon we have left is friendly persuasion.
In evolutionary terms you're a "Fuck it I'll fertilize a tree"
Its not too late for you either, it'd never too late! Please, leave the bad behind and go chase your dreams! You deserve it!
Im always worried that League Pass won't be the Orlando Feed. Thank god today is [NAME] and [NAME]
If you are really so dead set against shoveling sidewalks, perhaps you should move to a warmer climate.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it think.
Oh, fair enough. Praise be.
Nope what’s it about?
what in the actual fuck. why are they still driving?!?!??!!?! Love the kindness of the young dudes tho
21 year old here! I had always wondered when I would feel like an adult... according to this thread looks like it never happens
Haha! Yeah scentsy is terrible!
Very legal and cool
[NAME] SHOT THE PUCK *AND* WE SCORE Who woulda thunk
Actually a carrot
Love the way his body just folds after the final smack on his head *oof*
[NAME] done fucked up.
Ill say it again. If I was a Black man Id be afraid to leave my house or have a moving violation.\n\n #TerranceCrutcher #truth  #terrancecrutcher #truth
Doing nothing is the most tiring thing there is.
Yes. You fucking troll me every time. Fuck you.
That whole thread makes me want to shake babies.
Those other countries clearly exploited to shit? Dats cuz it's not mah [NAME]. -You with your big brain logic.
The state of Washington is not in charge of the draft.
Same reason the KKK, a radical [RELIGION] group, burns crosses.
why are other dashers such [NAME] 🤣who made y’all so upset
also that fiat (if paid in Bolivares) will quickly depreciate in a week
He did-only he didn't, well he did what I asked him to do but w / out realizing it he didn't spray the back of my arms and well nor did I. CRAP!
Are your daughters twins?
Two years have passed — an athlete’s prime completely erased, now acting righteous, seeking vindication.
Happens to me sometimes too in certain scenarios. Its frustrating especially when you're banking on it deflecting something.
Girls be you, Guysndont care about it. Be youand things may go well
me. i’m the problem. i don’t think anyone can help me anymore.
He's hot
That's a huge shame and says more about Sacks than it does anything else.
This isn't cringe at all. He's making a joke.
What an awful video. I just wanted to see the jump in real time, not 10 cuts of the start, followed by 1 slomo finish.
Sadly, that theory is plausible in the lds inc realm of thinking.
never worth it.
This is a solid list, and I will totally allow Scream to count. Surprised to see 10 Things below She's All That tho.
>as a part-time Knicks fan Join us! Become a full-time Nuggs fan!
My stomach twisted for some reason, instinct telling me that it was Lacie he was talking to.
Because it's a rejection of oneself, rather than acceptance. It's an expression of insecurity. It's not healthy.
[NAME] plays a character called [NAME] (but is called [NAME]) , not [NAME]. edit: typo
Thank you very much, I'm glad you found it easy to follow!
What a stupid stretch lmao.
That’s a pretty cool TIL
Wow, this is beyond fascinating.
I genuinely cannot believe [NAME] didn't get fired years ago. It shocks me more than [NAME].
I can never find the exact #emoji that I'm after at the exact moment that I need it #panic #emoji #panic
We are fighting for their autonomy, which is why we're fighting hard for them to be born first.
Shame Saints aren't even going to get a LBP out of this game, feels like that's the minimum deserved
Funny. The only people who have ever attacked me were conservative [NAME].
> [NAME] HAHAHAHSHSHAJSHA
Because the other option is Labour And they are treacherous
I find your lack of [NAME] disturbing.
Indecisive person here, I promise I irritate myself with my indecisiveness more than anyone else
Could do even better by kicking out anything north of Cambridge or west of Oxford.
Haha colluded? Do you and your friends collude to take pictures together? Such buzzwords you are using lol
if you ever played hardcore in previous titles with no doritos you would know that this in fact not the case
I often send my female friends Love poems. Oh wait, no, no I don't, because that is super weird.
The rare times when they can be arsed to start their own conversation they always talk about why feminism is actually to blame.
when season 13 of greys anatomy premieres today. it you're only on season 7 #sadness :( #sadness
History repeating itself..GAA is our culture how dare anyone think it's ok to discourage any Irish person from attending any match or final
Things did not go well on Eros Station...
Honestly I don't celebrate any holidays including new years, and whatnot.
I have been contemplating taking him to a TLM. You are awesome!
This is so powerful.
But when this isn't possible my nerves run a little thin.
Please never don't not reproduce.
That sounds like an amazing trick.
C’mon man, read the comment, if you love [NAME] so much why don’t you shaft him
I use to work in an office near a 24hr McDonald's. The smell of the place when walking by at 7am was stomach churning.
aw momma big hugs.
First of all, no one should target any region. With daily case numbers rising, people are bound to feel anxious. I’m in a lockdown area too — staff have to run errands, register people, make calls — they’re really busy. Residents should understand and cooperate. Violence is wrong and solves nothing. In Guangzhou, whether locals or outsiders, we should face this together and work toward resuming normal life.
They are super super awkward.
Nope, real serious disease affecting real people, including the person you first replied to.
What would you do if y'all end up having kids, but break up later? There's no guarantee y'all will be together forever.
my grandma, my mom, my grandaunt, my aunt, my sister I CRIED and WEPT in my sleep... I just shook and sobbed and sniffled... then I woke up and my eyes were wet.
@SpookyHelder ...specifically are the cause of it all, and they resent being considered the enemy.
Sounds like he dodged a bullet. You’re kinda dumb.
Slightly obscure I like it. I’ll add crash.
Thanks, guys! Most of what you guys said were helpful. I'll work on myself a bit and not try too hard. ☺
Spending your handouts and having some taken back doesn’t in any way make you a contributor.
So in that case I'd be able to look at what I'm about to lose until I come back the next round 😅
That's amazing why have I never found this before.
My favourite food is anything I didn't have to cook myself.
Good for you! So awesome!
[NAME] that bottom picture. the brows mixed with the hair terrify me 😰
Nah she's just a dull asari doctor, with a pleasing voice.
wasn't that a while back?
Why cinnamon powder instead of bark?
Oh god, the one common denominator strikes again and is rubbing off on the other players. We're doomed, back to the drawing board in 2020
You’ll just be throwing them up. Ain’t worth it.
This was going on for like half an hour. He was drunk and causing trouble, so the tram drivers warned each other not to let him up.
Scuba diving. I realized how truly precious and fragile nature is. I stopped eating seafood as well.
Yeah, might just grab a coffee and be done with it.
I agree. More stupid ideas by ''the adults in the room''.
The weirdest part of this is how good he is at singing
It just keeps getting better
tbh amy i don't know why you need to sort your life out, it's looks like your having a great time' thanks tiff 😂💜
With some odd cat-like appendages
Oligarch-sponsored? [NAME], stop throwing buzz words at ideas you don't agree with. Read a book.
Is this a scene from Avengers: Endgame?
Lost without my Mom 😢 plus tired, sick and full of cold is just another day in paradise..... #upset #unwell #missyoumommybear 💖💖 #upset #unwell #missyoumommybear
Life's too short to be frowning for so long
Simply explain the situation as you did here, don’t use any cliches or anything just be honest about it.
Fin ears!
[NAME] wanted to pull an [NAME] there! Good flashbacks!
funny, your asking for proof of something the moderators actively remove and then say ShOw Me pRoOf Or ItS fAkE.
It’s too cold to go outside most of the year. Whining into webcams is all they’ve got!
I’m glad I’m not the only one who thought that.
You guys look so amazing, even the pipe is making a jealous look... or maybe i'm just going blind from the cuteness.
I did twist my ankle trying to play that on DDR.
Really!? I thought it had, or at least it should. Guess I'm better off leaving too
This is not looking good for China's typical method of say whatever the other side wants to hear then do nothing.
And the guy getting out of the front car acting like the car doesn’t know he’s trying to back up, unbelievable
And why would I do that? Edit: Thanks for setting up that Walder Frey line for me
B plug? What the hell. Use an A plug or you're never going to become doctor some day.
>He was deeply and utterly insecure, and it was pathetic. He still is. And it still is.
Too bad he endorses seiko, this wouldve been a great ad
This would be very much appreciated.
@HotRodArchie @qadkins79 I have noticed since #HillarysHeath has become an issue the left is going full panic mode. #NTAC #hillarysheath #ntac
The rams seem pretty happy with [NAME].
Have you been to the doctor to get checked out? Could be low thyroid.
ok now you are being adorable on purpose i see what youre doing
what level of bloom would you think is appropriate?
@kayleighmcenany  @DonaldJTrumpJr Is that really all you can offer for those who sacrifice daily to keep you safe...? @kayleighmcenany #sad #sad
How much time should I give to my friend who lost his laptop to mourn before I can ask him to give me his laptop charger and extra battery??
New Year, new you. I'm proud of you.
Make a change make it small and manageable. Go for a walk. Smile at people.
@jmomahony thank you for your support, but it was not an attempt at levity.
The Future is BIG!
I can’t change that it’s just how the site works, I wish I could but I can’t
Right [NAME] I’m going to have to ask you to stop arguing with your other Reddit account [NAME] in every bastarding thread
Loved this video so much! [NAME] is my favorite and her pups crack me up!
[NAME] sucks. Rally killee
Then how can you say the rest is very red outside of nova when that is blatantly not true?
Thanks! I've just been so irritable. I am proud of myself and my husband too.
Fly out of KDVT? Love flying out there.
Yeah highkey looks decent
Pretty sure he's a NAVY SEAL IN THE TOP OF HIS CLASS!
100% communication with an NT is awesome!
❤️ you are a strong individual and there is an amazing amount of support behind you
Except shes not? I would date her.
Sigh, I just called the epidemic command center—they said passing through Sanmenxia triggers a yellow code because of close contacts.
Instagram is in fact owned by Facebook
He can recker my pecker and make my pinkie all stinky.
This is great, thank you
Well when you’re on the internet never say use the term no one because theres always those few idiots
Stop it don’t tell the outsiders.
Awe, poor baby.
So basically Syracuse needs two starters out and a bunch of circus shots to compete lol. Is what it is I guess
@strangerpeace We'll have a ceremony next time we meet. It'll involve burning something, then possibly booze and/or caffeine.
Food service?
She always looks sticky.
"Moose killed my parents."
I’m so sorry that you both have to deal with this ❤️
I like these kinds of multicultural projects. Very much in line with my feels about South Africa.
Thanks for this!
I've met very few "bad" people in my life. Most people I arrest are ok people who made unfortunate mistakes.
Maybe my nose is often runny, but I can smell danger well enough.
Gotta love that good old libertarian to fascist pipeline.
Yeah, I’m curious how these notes are “passive”.
Yeah they look very buff
Mom has a Buc-ees cup!!
My one regret is not making an account sooner. I lurked for a long time because I felt like I didn't have anything worth saying.
@SeanUnfiltered Texans are scared of this bunch! #intimidated #intimidated
I love that quote, thank you
Thanks, do we know how this document has been publicised, and if it's not a fake document
Uhhhhhhhhh well that's not good
[NAME] and [NAME] ... I guess we drank a little too much...
There are Cubs fans that died at 95 without ever having seen their favorite team win a title. At what point is the LOILTY worth it?
What a douche. Yeah I try to order within my country to keep away from customs
People like you are why I follow this sub. Keep it up I need more laughs like that!
The ridiculous hypocrisy of the far left has nothing to do with your link.
v0.1.2 should have multiple versions, one of which preserves 1RN. Additional info on the linked page.
As if they're going to go through that much effort... they wont even walk up the stairs to get to the box
Depends on what's causing the hallucinations
That legitimately made me nauseous.
Aww!! Thank you! I had fun making it, I also ADORE [NAME] 😍
Yeah, weed makes me super sick. Bleh.
oh yah, no worries. I appreciate your time and thoughtfulness.
That's how you're supposed to serve a pretzel, so it doesn't go soggy whilst lying flat on a plate.
Right... so true. I’m sorry you’re going through this too.
I wear pantyliners mostly every day now due to my random spotting, it helps but I feel the odor is seeping through my clothes. Thanks for the suggestion
@jpodhoretz I still respect you. I suppose there is so little to be gleeful about these days so take what you can. Good for you.
What, no fedora tip? NEXT!
Howl at the moon with @HorrorSociety at @FatCatChicago next Wednesday the 28th for a FREE double feature of SILVER BULLET and CURSED
What does FPTP have to do with the referendum?
Not sure, but if so that is unfortunate. I really liked their cheese bomb deep dish. =[
Yeah, life in America is horrifying. Give me a break.
I hate from the bottom of my heart, when animals behave like this..
Holy heckin heck
HEY EVERYBODY ITS TAGGED AS A SHITPOST STOP CARING THIS MUCH. OBVIOUSLY WE’RE NOT GETTING AD.
Oh, those dreadful things. I gave those away.
Realest ever, relentless ever, inevitable that I win.
Hey mister!
I am practicing an speech for tonight when he drops by to see my dad. I am every level of nervous.
What a pathetic reply. I know we’re all supposed to be nice here but c’mon.
"ARcH stop your progression.
That was nearly aesthetically pleasing enough lol I need to do this on PS and not my phone
I saw someone discourage someone from following their dreams. Just because you want to live in mediocrity doesn't mean someone else should.
Cute, super cute
So long, and thanks for all the fish.
Yeah it’s ridiculous. I mean I’m crying about the model but I still spent the money lol
poor little dude! Glad he's okay. He and his brother have a story to tell now.
Are you queuing with him and is your account a high level? Because if that is the case I suggest you make a Smurf.
Delete this. Not relevant.
Come back here and fight me m8
Now a convenience-store clerk’s “rumor” may be truer than experts’ “debunking.” Folk wisdom works but gets dismissed as “unscientific” — can’t break the academia’s decorum. After all, they preach “science beats Covid” — folk ways aren’t fancy enough.
Actually i barely remember any threads about him getting to rank 1 in recent years. Most of them were about his insane winrates against gold-plat players.
Profit are from 5-20% per day to 100-300% per month.Don't hesitate to contact us for the more results! info@fxventury.com
We’ve bombed plenty of innocent people. How is it any different?
That's a bit tricky to pull off
Who was it saying that [NAME] destroys hooker and broner again
I want to keep [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] (also [NAME], but he doesn't want to stay). Everyone else can go.
I'm 27 and I want to live in a society that shuts down at 8pm!
Thank you! I am surprised with the amount of feedback I am getting. I was not careful with my word choice.
Lindt don’t fuck about
Belive in yourself
Big up @dj_argue, did I miss phantom dread syndrome by @GenesisElijah? dudes sick.
Can’t tell if you’re joking. But it’s called a habit.
That's what you get for not washing your mouth for months.
Doesn't mean they're not feminists
Finn singing 'Can't Fight This Feeling' in the shower and Will spying on him is one of the best scenes on any show.
Sorry! Yes you are right about the exact name. My brain confused it with the similarity titled cat toy :-p
What is it about this winter that is making me literally sick to my stomach?
I'm missing something
I think some of them expect there to be a cashier standing like a statue at every register at all times no matter how slow business is!
He's ridiculous, I've never watched out west when he was on the Spurs. But damn. Hope He stay.
I think it doesn't have to be only in school, but anyway, good attitude, I'm sure you can overcome it (with patience)
My heart is breaking for you OP... good luck on your job search though!!
Your reading skills are unparalleled
They do it way more often than you do and they give even less of a fuck. It's normal.
Happy Birthday I hope this means anything, the little things matter sometimes.
ahh sweet man seems like i have more luck at night like 6 and after
Haha, yes.
i think if you truly thought it was wrong, you wouldnt defend it to this extent. see you
That was a beautiful shirt
Evil man.
Standing in court on my 23rd birthday being sentenced was the most ball shattering terrifying moment of my life
Person #1: “well that was fun.” *turns around* “Guys...?” #1
My god. I'd place that upside-down on the table and walk.
No no! I meant it in a positive way. The emotional rollercoaster of the photo album.
They are children, they have no souls.
Calm down. What the hell. I just tryed to tell you that there MEIGHT be a different side to that story.
Just don’t be born on a raped planet. Jeez why do you damned virgeens make such a fuss?
Love the [NAME]
Finally, the recognition I deserve.
But my natural color, on the underside of my forearms for example, is `` dead fishbelly white.
I think he has way more to fear from [NAME] than from U.S. people.
Dammit, I thought I put it at the bottom. Sorry.
Agreed. Very relevant suggestion!
That's awful. If I were a celebrity, I would probably do the same.
@GameGrumps THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR COMING TO DETROIT I'm going to sob joyful rainbows now brb
I don’t know what that means, please explain
Why they don't just stream these games with autodirector on is beyond me. plenty of people would be happy to watch that...
Trial by jury of my peers is honestly my worst fear
Ah yes, resort to ad-hominem attacks when you have nothing else to say.
Thoroughly enjoying AHS tonight. #ahs  #americanhorrorstory #ahs #americanhorrorstory
@Grinbins I couldn't force myself to give him any money. 😀
A green code with a star, negative test result, yet pulled off the highway and quarantined in a hotel for 14 days — costing over 300 yuan per day.
Q&amp;A with N. Christie @westernuHistory: fr. @marybethstart: What would Peter and Dardanella think of us knowing? #poorthings #shy #poorthings #shy
Poor *wittle* snowflake feels harassed, hahaha. If you don't want people to prove you're a moron, maybe don't make it so obvious.
He's shooting very efficiently, too. Most of his FGs scored at the rim.
While we certainly have these people, we also have an election coming up which makes me suspicious of this group.
All burps must be rated out of 10. Neither of us have achieved a 10 so far but I got a 9.5 last week 😂
I feel like [NAME] will have a great bounce back game tonight
@BjerkeDanielle @FunnySayings lol that's hilarious
This guy died on the inside lol
I feel like [NAME] isn't a legend.
Despite her being on a plastic surgery page getting botox and commenting that it didn’t hurt 🙄
They showed a pretty cool [NAME] cosplay from a guy
makes me wish friendly fire was a feature
plz pm the telegram group thanks
This idea has been crashing around in my head so I had no choice but to finally write something.
If there is no goal on this powerplay it will be difficult not to be hopeless
Aversion towards Jewry is pretty rare in [RELIGION]. For the most part [NAME] are held in high esteem when compared against other [NAME].
I loathe the unsolicited comments I get about having kids someday. The closest thing I could find to getting my tubes tied is my 10 year IUD.
I'd punt her to another planet if she said that about my dog. Wtf is wrong with people. 😠
It’s my birthday too! I’ve always love it!
Every year, consistently, once I turned 18. What a world.
both are bad tho anarchy ftw
Happiness always comes after the storm; after rain comes the rainbow. Believe everything happens for the best. Wish you good luck! 🙏
I know and that made me sad!
You seem horrible
Florida too!
we were frauded the whole time about how pure she is. turns out she's actually trash.
Thank you ☺️
Thanks fam, maybe I'll replay the level
Bahaha I love that
Hey u never know, Channel 4's version of #GBBO might actually be quite good. A few adverts aren't the end of the world.  #gbbo
Anyway, it's 00:33 am here at the moment, so I'm gonna head to bed. Thank you for reading and good night :)
ah i was also confused but i think they mean friends around the same age
What makes it a non sequitur? The point is, just because someone is in the DSA doesn't mean they are a *democratic* socialist
You sound jealous that a seed hasn’t been planted in you
@partydelightsUK it's 5679787. Cannot DM you as we don't follow each other. Not such a  #party #fail #letdown #party #fail #letdown
I like how you can see how it really looks with the minimap
Somebody has got to be a parent lol
We have the same feelings
Fuckkkkk I'm doing Psychology lmfao, am I gonna fail at life now?
Makes sense as [NAME] was out the last 5 games. The first 8 of the season [NAME] was sacked or pressured on nearly every dropback.
[NAME] clan needs some fucking therapy.
Manila and Monét serving a lot of emotion for safe
I am so sorry for your loss and all the stress you have right now. All the internet hugs you want right now! <3
Thank you, see was that so hard
Not really. My group of friends are awesome in every way possible except they are homophobic
You are not wrong. I have learned about myself alot while on drugs. Sometimes it's scarry when i find out how limited my mind is.
My template is usually : - Sassy, back-handed or just straight-up offensive response back to them. - Walk Away.
How to instantly look 20 years younger!
These stories make me glad that I have a job that doesn't require social interaction besides my boss and coworkers.
I dont think [NAME] is a fun drunk type of dude.
Everyone is a little toxic inside. I feel like killers being toxic comes from survivors being toxic and vice versa. It's a vicious cycle.
Nothing new is happening. Society never gave a fck about broken men. So it's only natural.
I mean he's still not wrong. A traitor did bring out the worst in him then.
Doing a good job getting Dell involved.
Congratulations, and Happy New Year! May it be as sexy and as prosperous as you could wish for.
13 hour @bus rides make me  #sorry #sorry
This is the greatest Bama game I've ever watched
Each day is what you make of it! #goals #challenges #business #goals #optimism #happy #success #photographer #photography #ThursdayThoughts #goals #challenges #business #goals #optimism #happy #success #photographer #photography #thursdaythoughts
Wow she’s getting a spud in the head the next time I see her!
Wow, what a violent cunt.
Everything is incredibly far away, and Earth is so very small.
I wish I had.
You are awesome, i envy you
I’m in my second year. Still closeted. Still uncomfortable with my body and sexuality. Still socially awkward.
I passed the aftermath of this wreck on the other side of I-20. What a tragedy.
Stop texting him until you meet him. What if he is weird, creepy, not your type etc.
You live in Appalachia, don’t you?
the longest week (2014) I don’t know if it’s still available but it was pretty good romantic comedy
This is golden.
We say it the most m8 that means it's our word and we pronounce it correctly
Even though it was fake, the Olive Garden commercial was pretty good.
Wooow! [NAME] hitting [NAME] with that question! Can’t wait to see that!
You're coming so close to a realisation. So very, very close.
Haha I love this. I used to give mine phone books and my room would look just like this in a matter of hours. Crazy.
Why are you trying to do that? What’s going on?
We have a builder in the White House - build a dormatory. Wouldn't want to be an RA there lol.
Ah okay, I'm sorry lol, I'm dumb. Thanks for your response.
I'm curious as to how HIMYM affected you, if you would like to explain. I've watched it so many times.
That fool does not look like it has been in the oven. It looks like they made a foil bowl and poured whatever that is in there.
being bitter only hurts yourself lmaooo
Or they freak out if it’s “not the right sub” for your post. Like calm down
[NAME] blows. Be happy she’s gone
You chose... wisely
Me too please
I'd say the pecans is the biggest mistake
55 here. Of course, I could never catch me one of those wonderful incels.
Damn, I want some!
@TheCatCampbell I too am Ravenclaw. #sadness #shouldhavebeenhufflepuff #sadness #shouldhavebeenhufflepuff
Can I just say I’ve been approached by women, I’m no [NAME], think on that incels.
Don't know how that was missed. Tragic really. Considering the title.
No, I prefer having a forest
Thanks, I'll keep that in mind for sure. After I get my Cadians and Lizardmen finished up I'm gonna start looking into Bolt Action
Sadly, I don't have insurance so unless I'm bleeding out I won't be getting medical help.
This is just a terrible joke
Can votes be limited to one per hero? Too many malicious ballots. Or make it an anniversary event — let players buy one or two return skins.
Prove your faith-based claim.
I genuinely teared up when I heard it in the game
Or is that a 3:14? You’re in trouble pal.
Yes - summer, and I was with my parents who did all the actual work so I just got to relax with the baby!
Yours truly, The reddit supplicant.
My two favorite bands are Queen and Panic! At The Disco.
Religion is the biases for more hate; wars; discrimination; bigotry and poverty than any other entity in the world, with the exception of central banking.
Tailed. Let's get it!
#THEY DON'T VOTE IN FEDERAL ELECTIONS, JUST LOCAL ONES *Takes a deep breath* #they
Prove him wrong.
Ah, the original turd burger.
I want to say that but I feel like I'd get too much shit
This said brand canceled their contract with them as well.
Yeah I was citing the wrong statistic here. Thanks for posting this.
Eh? You inherited basically the entire language!
Oh it just means I’m soon to graduate, in my final year of undergraduate study.
ITS A GOOD BOI!!
I definitely expected unwatchable pro-life drama and was quite delighted
Reminds me of that chick and the lizard, [NAME], and 7-11 tried to get the store number lol
Don’t you guys want to get off with me?
.......... no u!
[NAME] was the "socialist" freshman House Rep. I liked the most, but her recent [NAME] tweets are extremely concerning.
If your maternal grandmother is [RELIGION], so are you. Not having ceremonies doesn't change that.
Weekly/monthly horoscopes are so accurate — I’m Bing Shen, she’s Gui Hai; after a fight, she broke up. I can’t let go — feels like dying.
Honestly idk, search online consequences from bjs cause consequences for sex is already obvious
When did they say the aliens left behind were injured? Or left behind at all?
Everywhere I go, the air I breathe in tastes like home.' - @The_Currys #restless #restless
I think the best way to communicate that you’re not sure is not saying anything about it
Okay, this helps clarifies things more for me. Thank you!
lol. good one dude. you really showed me. great argument. really showing off your intellectual prowess. keep up the good work!
This. Literally this post. This post is a good start. :)
No it's not >:(
I work for the Hilton company I’m disgusted they would let this happen outside one of their hotels if they had any ounce of control.
Both good and not so good, but mostly good! You should DESTROY HER. NOBODY NEEDS TO TAKE UP THAT MUCH SPACE ON THE CURB.
Ahhh India. Where she would have been raped 17 times on her daily commute.
Oh, you sweet summer angel.
RIP manning lol
If the restaurant had only been around for 20 years clearly he’s mistaken when he claimed he’d been coming there for 40
At least [NAME] got to touch UFC gold. Not many people can say the same. In good company.
i had all of those. checked myself with a GP and found out i had low iron, migraines and needed to visit the therapist re my anxiety.
You can only fit so much in 20ish min show.
Pretty sure I’ve seen this. He swings away with the harness he is wearing. Still looks painful but I think he lives
But then they couldn't be a self-martyring, violent tankie and that's not as much fun.
Nah I like my pockets kief free
...with the couple, so you decide to ignore everything and finish yours while dealing with the laughter and everything in the background.
How old are you? It sounds like 90% of the guys you know who are your age also don’t have their shit together
bushwick, and playing a drum doesn't mean someone cannot work a job.
So I'm not being shady but one of Jongdae's ex rumoured girlfriends is going on WGM I'm not saying I'm over joyed but I'm over joyed
I was once nearly run over by a moped that was doing 60 MPH in a parking lot. Your comment reminded me of that.
[NAME] would have the biggest fit if he gets benched for [NAME]. He's unfortunately become to slow to keep up with guys like [NAME].
Mate just go out and get yourself a steak dinner, you will enjoy it much more than Artifact.
Don't get excited yet...
Dude has a wicked coke nail... just saying.
Next is my boi vortiger
That was great, especially as your first video.
Mmmm....bacon point
Is this really a bad thing? Even if you don't wanna lose your virginity yet, just cuddling is great.
omg this is a bit too relatable
You gotta use the footage that you got haha And yeah of course, my guy.
I know, which is why I said it hasn't been referenced by any *living* characters on the show.
C'mon, you can do better than that! Just search your heart...
I hated [NAME], but only because I thought he was good and played for the Cowboys. I feel the same way about [NAME] and [NAME].
Lucky you, our low is only gonna be 3°
I feel like I might sneeze and accidentally set off my Typhoon defense system. That could be catastrophic.
This is so true.
I don’t care enough to search it honestly Edit: removed emoji because reddit
The concern is that there is a very high likelihood of his health deteriorating in one way or another before he can complete two full terms.
okay but i need a strategy on how to deal with this
Mine does this too but reaches out ever so gently and caresses my face. Like thanks bud, but no thanks.
Thanks. I knew DH, but that one was confusing me.
Yes he is. He won me with his beard alone 😍
Go follow #beautiful #Snowgang ♥@Amynicolehill12 ♥ #Princess #fitness #bodyposi #haircut #smile #Whitegirlwednesday #beautiful #snowgang #princess #fitness #bodyposi #haircut #smile #whitegirlwednesday
Oof. This physically hurt me to watch.
I don't even know how to begin explaining something this preposterously self-evident to you, so I'm just not going to.
If it also ends up with them meeting [NAME] 4 horsewomen pals ([NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]), that'll be interesting.
My back is starting to irritate me and it's barely 2:19 😓
The real tips are always in the comments :D
YOU WRITE LIKE A YOUNGER MAN, WITH NOTHING HELD BACK. ADMIRABLE, YET MISTAKEN.
I drove off 170 onto 40 and was surprised by the lack of brakelights.... keep it closed haha
I think they may be
[NAME] is not a smart man. Giving a fraud a fucking card. Like wtf
Can someone please explain why is it illegal and where? Never heard of this before !
It’s parents like these that cause depression — poor child.
You smug fuck
Those things still haunt my dreams to this day.
Pissed at you for not allowing them to live in ignorant bliss?
Society hates everything. Just love yourself and the rest becomes easier.
> Why do you think you're in financial hell? He spends the rest on drugs according to his post history.
That's crazy. Glad you got your money back though!
Am a very old person I can't handle some stuff....lol I just left her there.... Get back to me when you're sober
This article was written so poorly that it's hard to take seriously. It's like a stream of consciousness with very little to actually say
Hell yes!
I dread math 😴
Yeah that look points to body dysmorphia to me
thanks for your help, it looks like i'm just gonna have to use the ole noggin for this project
thanks, it’s been so much better
Time flies when you're a semiprofessional quotemaker. I wonder what he's up to these days.
"Everyone knows the [NAME] make good stuff!" - Sham-Wow guy.
So I survived spin....trying to get down the stairs was hilarious tho #jellylegs 😂😂 #jellylegs
both afraid of all the same things
And then I got to meet the president. My name is [NAME] and this is my homo story.
that's a weird way to spell "prison"
From one eating disorder to another. That's not recovery that's just sad.
Put some respect on the name of my boy [NAME].
ALFBRUSHJANSBYSY SUCH A GOOD DOGGO
The sign doesn't have units! Maybe the speed limit is 45 light yrs per second!!!!
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** yosoyjackiejorpjomp! ^(hug)
Studying something doesn't make you bright. Getting a degree does.
Apparently. I genuinely like [NAME]. Why can’t I reminisce without being judged. Good grief
Wish I was a kid again. The only stressful part was whether Gabriella and Troy would get back together or not. #hsm2 #nightmare #hsm2 #nightmare
In fact the South side of Chicago is the baddest part of town
Which is worse — exploiting kindness for money or for murder? Compared to those who used Jiang Ge’s goodwill to kill her, Jiang’s mother handled things with far more dignity.
What do you mean by verified transactions?
Maybe a parsing or comprehension issue, but are you sitting in the water after you pee in it?
> It almost feels like this is totally a shameless, contentless promo post for your YouTube channel and this book.
Had to comment just to say that I don't even know what to say to this. It's so mindblowingly stupid.
Thank you [NAME].
How do you deal with alerts coming up on your phone? I guess you can just turn them off?
Equipment (PC & accessories), settings, the whole transition I feel lost to be honest
as a guy who has the ability to repair circuit boards, oh god oh fuck this is beyond cursed
Yes, he always says he’ll bring Chinese music global. But does he have a breakout hit? A viral song? Even a catchy one?
Yep...and they regret it. I hope you stay together!
Oh go fuck yourself with your BS generalization.
**Ask Permission** from me and I will tell them yes or no.
@Mickeyplyler @QualkTalk the refs are in GT's favor tonight.
I'm baffled
That’s a horrible take.
Worry makes you look at the problem and God makes you look at the promise. #problem #promise #worry #fear #faith #God #theanswer #spiritu... #problem #promise #worry #fear #faith #god #theanswer #spiritu
This post and thread are killing me
You get closure by blocking her on your phone and all social media. She dumped you. It's over.
I read fuck and not tuck. Was wondering how the hell it wasn't creepy....
Nah, I knock on the door from inside, or the wall, or tap the floor, seems easier
[NAME], if you're doing an Undertale deal, not having a red heart on your ass is inexcusable.
When we talk about being douches it's about being the [NAME], an outgoing guy, shameless and cruel with women.
I'm #happy as f*** to be accepted with my #chromesthesia by my #CBT doctress, never called 'crazy' for my #colors :-) #happy #chromesthesia #cbt #colors
This is a good step. Refusing to vaccinate your kids should be considered child abuse.
@candycmarketing What happens if you don't want to watch this 'content'? Can't vote then 😆
Grim. Thank you for the info though. I learned something today.
You’re repeating yourself now
Lol I’m not a [NAME] bro. Sorry man.
I got over 900 responses, so it is taking more time that I expected, hopefully will be done by this Sunday.
[NAME] did that to [NAME] and let's just say that didn't end to well for anyone
your post is awesome. People need to hear this more. Thank you.
So he “wants to be in Denver”. Hooray. Can we hire the best guy instead?
I think I will try to push through, I guess I can always drop a class or two if it’s too much and even take a break
[NAME] will be gone. Although I think end of the first is where he should go, he will go super early
> Basically tell them to screw off and realize their selfishness You mean my grandparents / aunt?
@NitashaKaul @Snehakaul2Kaul so beautiful dear, thanks,everybody knows it is in benefit of India &amp; GOI has done this terror attack as before
"He made her" give me a break. Tell him to shit his pants.
Wow. Got a link?
No law broken, no vulgar clickbait — why can’t they? Complain about censorship yet over-report others — aren’t you meddling too much?
CENTRISTS ONLY LEFTISTS GO AWAY also stop downvoting we don't want a circlejerk.
Oh tell me about it. I'm INTJ
They hit two times - one in the face, second on the coffin.
This is accurate. Source: MA resident who works in CT. (WHY DON'T YOU HAVE REFLECTIVE ROAD MARKERS?!)
He has his ups and downs. The only time I can stand him is after [NAME] and before [NAME]
stop hurting my feelings
Lyft and Uber are expensive compared to Metro
Chongqing started with precise lockdowns—by building, then area. Feels like it’s ahead in implementing the “20 guidelines.”
I must have been only six years old when this happened.
Is it something you run into commonly with older adults? Sounds like in some ways it may make your job easier. Thanks for your work!
That’s reasonable
She does NOT love you. Try to ask yourself why you are accepting this treatment.
Fucking happy this jerk is still well and alive.
But we're dynasty haters! We're just terrible people who don't love seeing bullshit shoved in our faces year and year out.
I get lost in [NAME] eyes
Same with [NAME], she’s simply stunning at any age.
To distinguish it from regular, every day, healthy, non-harmful, non-toxic masculinity of course.
Don't forget [NAME] being nerfed because she was unfun to play against in QM, then being reworked, then being nerfed again for the same reason.
Thank you @RachelPlatten for teaching me how to live again. It's been so long since &amp; this ride is about to be exhilarating. I just know it
Thank you for sharing your thoughts. What about alternatives to enable change?
I actually had to rewind a few times because I found myself getting distracted because I was kind of bored.
Oh man, I love [NAME]. She's so consistently good.
Is there a quiz version of this where I can answer what I think and then at the end it tells me who matches the best?
That's not irony. Just coincidence. (I know this is [NAME] tweet).
The clouds tower, the river flows vast. Heaven and earth are grand; all things grow toward the light — and I, toward her as well.
Wait this is what chill looks like? Some girl told me that I look dead amd I flinch at the slightest movement. You really call that chill?
Most national subreddits are nowhere near *real* people, it's quite interesting to see the disparities.
Idk what tf that is😂.... Don’t hate me guys!
@imDevinLopez happy bday bro! 👌🏻
Then I'll be accused of being a racist.
Happy new years!!!!
The mouth coming out of the plate is the most unsettling. At least I think that's a mouth.
I wanna die
at least it rhymes,i'll give you that
What country? That sounds like a sad septic system. I'm sorry.
I'm pretty sure you killed me. I got killed by a pounder on a plane on that very same map 2 days ago or so lol
So you just don't believe we should have non-profit organizations. I guess that's consistent at least.
Clever!!!
I mean he is cleay doing *something* right.
Agree. I did enjoy Godless but I was addicted to The Terror. It was full of such amazing character actors.
Ah, modern society's obsession with romance for the sake of romance… I hate it.
@comcast you charge 150 extra for sending someone out and your cable service still doesn't work. That's robbery.  #cable #horrible #service #cable #horrible #service
I'll take a window seat for lmao at this.
The stench hit me first.
I was, and it's not. He's mad that someone posts articles he disagrees with. Pathetic and his fury is deranged
It sucks that you had to go through that. I hope you're doing fine now (and your kids if any).
Looks sick actually.
This is why you should only ever do incremental payments based in the work done.
That is the squeal of a kid who gets whatever he wants.
They were saying the other guy who revelead this was lying! I knew it was true. Mods are gonna delete this post dude they are censoring.
Thank you so much! I love Germany! I was in Berlin 2 years ago for research work.
Oh hey, someone with a brain. Rare round here.
What GDP growth? The one that barely broke 3-4% since 1984 and has dwindled to 1-2% to 0 to negative 1%?
They need to practice intuitive feeling and depression acceptance.
@fitzstockcharts Gundlach calling for rounding top, doom and gloom, 15% down move
Dr [NAME] is so adorable. I just want to give him a hug then ask him to make a diet for me.
This is the worst Hellraiser reboot script I've read this month, and let me tell you, I've read a lot of them.
if [NAME] got any more attention i'd really like it to be with [NAME].
We, battered UT fans, thank you.
Not sure I understand, the legion is in a pretty good place right now in terms of their power
We always just thought she was scared of the dark, just like most kids are.
I wonder if this is why the universe keeps expanding. Because we're constantly filling it up with new words and new sentences.
You're that Ninja...
I'm disappointed [NAME] never plays guitar again.
For real tho let's dump our powerplay coach
because people are idiots and don't like being wrong
No sidewalk, just a simple two way, single lane street with crazy traffic going either direction.
Those subs ... wtf
Well, actually it is a joke on how mansplainers often start their mansplaining with: "well, actually".
StS and Thronebreaker are both singeplayer. Comparing them with Artifact is disingenuous.
I can’t stand anything about her yet. Nothing.
Hell hath no fury like a sound technician scorned'\n\nThat's the quote right
That is a man who's soul ded that day.
happy early birthday OP! have fun !
it‘s literally a fanmade album tbh
It's strange i don't understand how work reddit, i drop a link when i create a post but it doesn't work
Thank yous in the form of hand gestures you carrot cake
You guys are so cute together! Good luck with the de-stressing!
Being so gullible is the frightening part. durr da durr he downvote me
I’d love an ג׳‬וליאן if you have time! Good job keep up the hard work
Love him as an Irish fan, but his range isn't far enough for NFL
What kind of advice are you seeking here? I'm confused.
I take issue with the word probably. If you don't have faith why are you even here?
I'd like to see it set during the [NAME] conquest of China, That'd be cool
then never drive because the person in the other lane could swerve over and kill you
I miss the confetti cakes :(
@virginmedia I've been disconnected whilst on holiday 😤 but I don't move house until the 1st October 🤔 #furious #furious
Well, I don't agree, but I do appreciate having a real discussion rather than just name calling lol. Agree to disagree
Jackson Wang really worked hard—worked hard for nothing. Fought one, two, three, four, five times…
Missed opportunity to put [NAME]
it’s what i would have wanted if i was a parent so yeah i’m glad i did something
Won't stop the BF from going to jail.
Pretty sure he's just quoting a song lyric lol source:
He has a lot of patience. 😆
Oh sweet I get [NAME] powers
Say it with me now: WE 👏LOVE 👏PAT 👏C 👏AND 👏WE 👏DON’T 👏CARE 👏WHO 👏KNOWS 👏
@Rocks_n_Ropes Can't believe how rude your cashier was today when I was returning an item!  Your customer service is slacking.
I wouldnt bet much on it.
Say thos: mom, dad, she's busted. Respect my wishes!
Henan’s adopting “one-size-fits-all” policies — sealing roads, locking even low-risk returnees. In fires or emergencies, how can ambulances pass? With negative tests yet still sealed in, what’s the point of risk levels? Isn’t this exactly what’s banned?
There's ignite on the lane too, that's an upkeep kill on censor. I agree that horn into coup could have been a better play though.
My youngest whispered to me one night that I was as cool as [NAME]
HE SHOOTS AND SCORES!!!!
Thanks, that's exactly what I needed to hear 💜
hate to see y'all frown but I'd rather see him smiling 💕✨
>That movie only makes sense if [NAME] is lying No, it doesn't. But thankfully the professionals write the story, not fans.
" It was super creepy.
Get out more. Make more friends and better friends. Don’t self-harm. Write my journal more often.
Fair enough. Still I like to spread the word... in the vain hope that policies like this will go away.
By ranting aimlessly on the internet about it, obviously ;)
I again told myself to wake up.
You now have 3 threads about this within the last 10 hours. Pick one and stick with it.
Among those causing trouble in Gaza, are there special unregistered people trying to take advantage of the chaos? This doesn’t seem spontaneous.
My, my, what an active imagination you have! Have you considered a career writing Hollywood movie scripts! I think you have talent for that.
So excited for this!! Thanks to all who have worked so hard to put this together <3
Wasn't that just Age of Apocalypse? AFAIK, [NAME] and [NAME] are married in the comics right now.
if you do me wrong i will not hesitate to block you and cut you out of my life completely 😇 it's one of my greatest talents
Tis nothing but a scratch
Hey, good to see ya here!
She: Why are you listening to The Eurythmics?\nMe: It's a Polish Gothic Metal band.\nShe: Why do I even ask... (exits room, shaking head)
So if she tones down the intensity and controlling nature, would that change how you feel?
This livestream looks totally normal yet keeps getting cut off — but those scantily clad streamers begging for tips never get interrupted!
I don't understand our immigration restrictions. It's not like we don't have room up here
I always wanted to see one.
The Coming Home Network. And [NAME] is a convert who has really good books.
I got close enough to feel some of the spray from the falls landing on my lips and glasses.
I learn things reading about them, but visual triggers also help.
Oh, fuck off. It’s no one’s fault but yours that you think every mention of the word ‘men’ means you specifically.
But they were only contenting because they lucked into [NAME].
I never said you did? I'm just going off the conspiracy that's been going around for awhile about her being a clone
Like really when did it become about good or bad sex I thought we were taking about one sided
A news source putting out sponsored news is inappropriate. Stop reading BBC i guess
On my life I'll never understand why anyone would pay money to see @LifeOfDesiigner
I'm so broke that I'd take if you're still looking. I'm a guy though.
All of troomtroom videos on YouTube are this odd and unnecessary. Some even more so. And their thumbnails are interesting
Holy shit this golden comment flew under the radar. I laughed so hard
Thanks, do hv a therapist. He doesn't think I am violnt. I want the thoughts to stop.
What did I see?
Isn’t it nerve-wracking working in finance? You might not even know how much you’ve earned before risking your life — do well and you go to jail, do poorly and you’re broke.
He was standing there, they went up to him. Like have you not watched the video?
I’m just not sure why he thought I’d find it attractive, it deserves an attaboy at best
Helps quite a bit when the opponent forfeits the game by playing a high school QB. This is [NAME] in the playoffs bad.
Just be a criminal if that's what they want. People should always be careful what they wish for.
You have a #problem? Yes! Can you do #something about it? No! Than why  #problem #something
You're my mvp for the night haha. I'll drop by there tonight, thanks!
It had bad spelling but i understood it u grammqr nazi
@savageimiike one of my favorite songs brother, real talk.
You met her in Tinder.... enough said bro....
You are alone and touching her...that is a glaring sign!
I have to use it or else I’ll miscount money 😥😥 the worst feeling is when I use hand sani over it BC IM DISGUSTED W MYSELF
I’m offended
What?! They must have thought they were at Disney.
Yea I’m into this I guess. So thanks for that(?)
I think that's just natural, humans weren't really intended to fly by nature so I guess it just feels wrong or something, idk
Ambien you are my new favortist person ever!
I dont like american music cuz south korea has the best dancers?
lol ok good. You had me worried that there was something I should have known about.
you won't change anything with such disdain for your fellow countrymen
Pickles taste good.
I don't even really like Papa Johns, but I'm starving and that looks amazing right now.
I was born in 1980 so the 90s were my teen decade. I loved it. Best decade ever
I TOOK TOO MUCH OF A RISK IM SORRY
Laughed my balls off
"Hey look at this reciept! Oops I totally didn't mean to show off my great body." I see what you did there ;)
This year’s pandemic cut down competitions — otherwise, Sun Yang would’ve shined again. Hope he keeps training and brings glory to China. We don’t have many champions like him — let’s all support him!
That was the middle school dream
[NAME] would be an exciting guy to bring here. I think he'd at some help at RB, especially if [NAME] ain't interested
Glad to see Mrs. [NAME] is still alive and well!
Which part do you not understand?
Honestly, yesterday was the first day after the holiday, and the hottest topic was “which day of the 7 will you take off next?” Seriously, what’s the point…
It more effective if you do it in person
As a PPD mommy myself, you're my [NAME]! Thanks for this... Thank you for reminding me how amazing us mommies truly are!!
His returns or his W2?
I know! Or close the door of the room where the baby is sleeping? It's too sad for the poor thing to be locked inside.
Over 2 years of prep time.... better use an agent next time!
You mean, you actually want them to try to win? NO WAY! /s
I don't wish abortions on any woman. It's a terrible thing to endure. Necessary, sure, but it's still grim.
None that I know of. Any mental health issue needs to be cared for like any other health issue. Doctors and medications can help.
An Alabama DOINK!!
You sound scared
[NAME] is such a doofus. It's awesome
GIVE ME OTHER PEOPLES MONEY!!!!!
But it’s so hideous
Interesting take there
Wow that was really bad. But thanks for trying?
Most vancouverites know of these scams. Especially #1 broken credit card machine. Complaints go unheard. #1
I assume he likes it and wants to share what he loves.
I was petrified...
No. Maybe if he kills [NAME]. Still a long shot
And it’s being posted by a person who apparently has an MD, PhD, and MBA. One would hope they knew better
Praying for me family.
r/forhonor leaking again?
The third floor isn't high enough. I'm also in dire need of a job and the stress is unreal.
Beautiful.
We've been pretty good for the most part the last 5 years. I mean, [NAME] saying [NAME] betrayed him isn't ideal but could be worse.
I don’t ever remember pithy. Childish and churlish feels more apt
Let her work for her money like everyone else if she can afford to re decorate and go to Jamaica.
Prior to, we got some humongous popsicles which turned my tongue an amazing shade of blue, and we visited the children's A&S display.
> but to say that it will fuck up your mind is simply ignorant lolol k.
While we’re safe and well-fed, we shouldn’t stand on moral high ground to judge people or things we barely understand — they might be starving or sick. Don’t discriminate by region. If we live in Guangzhou, we’re all Guangzhou people — let’s overcome hardships together.
I mean I like the park and I was surprised by that poll too
How long will they mourn me?
Right on. Thanks!
@marthalyssa yep. LOL #bitter #bitter
I know it's possible, but you have to be wayyyy above average alpha type.
When I see [NAME] venerate icons it makes you wonder if they have OCD. /s The joke is that [NAME] cross themselves more than others in my experience.
Nissan Fuga 450GT
I got bit by a Pomeranian while doing a dash...
We should have had a dman protecting the net on that play. Our future is Taco's
This is about as unacceptable as the subject can get.
I'd let him destroy me with facts and knowledge 😩😩😩
The internationalist EU. The [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are just brimming with all that international SOLIDARITY ❤️
Research has determined 70% of #laughter is actually . #laughter
Returning home is always about hope, affection, and love—how can it be called “malicious”? These are two totally unrelated concepts.
No wonder we’re still disrespected despite being the world’s 2nd GDP—systemic inferiority and blind Western worship from top to bottom, rare anywhere else.
This actually sounds like cyberpunk slang, I love it
That is insanity
what are the grey states
I’ve got 9 days off too — Jan 1–7 break, then Jan 8–9 weekend no class.
Well howdy neighbor. I'm also about 200m away from there. It inspired me to setup wireless security cameras.
The sub is VERY socialist so they love this kind of stuff
I’ve reported her before I think that’s why she stopped pming me and started following my comment history instead.
happy new year buddy!
When you've still got a whole season of Wentworth to watch and a stupid cunt in work ruins it for us 😭😭 @__KirstyGA  #oldcunt #oldcunt
I cannot help but get a sense of schadenfreude when a seemingly shitty person ruins their own career right before my eyes. ☕️
In Xiangcheng, Zhoukou (Henan), even low-risk returnees must pay ¥270/day for 14-day centralized quarantine — why?
Wow, congratulations!! Hugs
This is awful.
excuse me what the *fuck* was that
Meanwhile, I was literally saying to myself "*I like rusty spoons*" earlier this morning RIGHT BEFORE logging onto Reddit. Kinda strange
Why you mad bro
[NAME] missed a wide open [NAME] below the rim. Dude needs to pass the ball more.
Symmetry is Key, everything must be aesthetically pleasing as possible, that is why I hold you twin pistols. #DeathTheKid #Bot #deaththekid #bot
Younger and younger he goes and where he'll stop no one knows. Sorry you had top be in such a situation. Thanks for the post op.
It's always something with AM though isn't it
Congrats I’m very happy for your happy ending. Wish you guys many many years of happiness together
I’ll untwist my knickers when you quit applying some arsehole opinion science on someone else’s mental health condition, deal?
Someone has sex with that.
I purposefully delay so no one thinks I’m available whenever.
Most of us think it’s just a conditioning thing right now, but we don’t really know
I was thinking about the exact same thing before commenting, thanks for the clarification!
I make it a habit of sitting with my back facing a wall so I could see everything and everyone.
You clearly know exactly what your talking about with your medical terminology...damn your intelligent. 🖕
Yeah yeah science, but I never said anything about meeting forcing him. That's disgusts me.
Argh a big wasp buzzing between my blinds and my window. Halp! #wasp #evil #buzz #sting #wasp #evil #buzz #sting
What the fuck did I just read?
I can’t imagine being this retired
Mexico didn't start the war. Thats probably where you are confused. The US invaded Mexico in both occasions, Mexico only defended itself in both occasions.
You can say what you want about USM, but we love our baseball.
I admit, I cackled. I am now wondering how to get this printed on an enamel pin with a tiny Fury in a power suit.
She going to run once she knows there is no money.
I only eat cronuts cuz I'm sophisticated!
Do you feel like being with him is the only way for you to be okay, then?
Improved by removing the third panel, improved by removing garfield. What can we remove that doesn't improve garfield?
Bruh, I’ve been getting this tough love since I was 18. Hence the dusty balls.
Like there was an invisible wall.
Here's a way to help. Have sex with a user
this meme is so old it whipped me back into 2011
@Justin_Gau @JamesMelville You certainly wouldn't catch me with the multitude.
So happy my next class is canceled bc..im od tired 😭
Did that with an oven pizza at 3am in my underwear. Got burns all over my stomach
In da club- 50 cent, when you need that extra motivation to finish the cake in a time crunch
Glad this waste of time is over. Lets get back to the business of fixing this team.
I wish there was some way to put this in the sidebar.
I’ve been to two locations and the burgers are SO GOOD!!
The Young turds are especially bad and they’re not even sly about it either.
Paranoia is a fear every races has
Truly. This is how family stays family. I admire this child so much.
Borrowed time is stupid
Not really sure we could get salary's to match up
You're right! What a nightmare.
Happy Easter everyone!!
Shucks, that's 11am for me. I might drop in one day when I don't have work. Thanks!
Yep. When precedent is very right-wing ‘centrism’ is just “I fundamentally believe we shouldn’t move left any significant amount”
dae [NAME] IS MOMMY FUCK MY ASS WITH A BACKHOE MOTHER YES GAWD *tongue pop* WHAT A TALENTED ACTRESS BUT ALSO PARENTAL FIGURE
It’s a pity that KMT’s He Yingqin stood up, bent down, and received the surrender letter with both hands. What a disgrace — outsiders might’ve thought China lost the war.
shouldnt be driving baked anyways. even if you think you can, gives us stoners a bad rap
When something makes you excited, terrified, thrilled, nervous, elated &amp; like you've been kicked in the guts all at once. Need word for that
If you use one of those two I automatically hate you
I’m genuinely curious as to how much Netflix is paying people to make memes about Bird Box.
I call even my dog my love (in local language) as a way to be caring to others.
Have you ever tried to give her lessons in cooking? It could be fun and a bonding for you both.
Nice! I'm glad there was a great turnout. Congrats!
I hope it doesn’t get worse
Team Hina FTW!!!!
Maybe I have the mind of a child but I found that entertaining like I’d upvote it if I just saw it
Damnit. Have a big trip planned for the first week of February. Can't wait to get to the airport 5 hours early.
Yes, please do. I'd appreciate any help.
@jwonder81 @MacadamionNut well of course.Progress for the sake of progress must be discouraged. The problem is the substance of the rhetoric
>!the only time it's become a harem is in the epilogue, and it's only 1 part of him!<
They should just give us the cup now and save everyone some time
.@billradkeradio is not a fan of The Beat Happening. But that's not to discourage aspiring other Olympia musicians! #KUOWrecord #kuowrecord
Your right thanks
"This is just unprofessional" lol
If [NAME] had served all fast food buffet to a football team Reddit would be circlejerking "So down to earth and amazing!!1"
Seems legit. Supremacy was big enough. In fact, it's hard to see the scale on screen with that size.
Is that at Beachtown?
You don't know how to love me when you're sober #sober #selenagomez #revival #sober #selenagomez #revival
Of course the one Ospreys player was my boi [NAME] <3
It was like fifteen minutes old, I doubt that many individual people cared to click in the first place. Also different account names kept responding.
And who would you vote for, exactly
What's the song name?
I'm honored to take on such a role in their joyous day. Hopefully I don't fuck it up
That's kind of amazing. What a time to be alive.
Have some humility
You know it’s really bad when the lashes are bigger than the brows
Your age difference is incredibly creepy.
That you have banished your own sadness, the way I am? #somber #somber
i'm curious where they would sell in CT? I have to imagine New Haven will have one. I cant imagine Fairfield County would get one.
And you know they never grow out of that...I hate people. Myself included.
Best of luck to you my friend, keep going
So excited for the mauve album
That creepy realization that everything [NAME] says is projection...
You really don't comprehend anything my man, now do you? Goodness gracious the amount of stupidity.
But if I want the objective control how do I go about it in the early game where respawn are fast?
I swear, I don't know where the bombs are! Only the miners know that!
Homophobic AND racist. Yikes.
What exactly is insane about this
I like [NAME] so far, but I know I'm alone in that.
I'm just glad I've never heard of this game before otherwise this news would be disappointing.
Post it! Im dying to know what she looks like “normal”
I got mine a few months ago and honestly apprehensive to wear it out to a game in fear of staining it.
Thanks! Need to rewatch the series soon
Oh man, okay yeah i was wrong, thank you for correcting me
Sounds nice owo
I've come to the conclusion that the online world is seriously 'fucked up' there's absolutely no other words to describe #bleak  #grim #bleak #grim
When they hire him
May you find and skin the perpetrator. My apologies to your family. ❤
oh my [NAME] easily one of the worst sounds aaahhhhhh
These people seen so much in their lifetimes. So much wisdom in one pic
That's why the other half of people call me an asshole
Oh [NAME] I needed that laugh
Thanks for the info, give credit to the artist
Resetting a dislocated knee hurts like hell but it feels a lot better immediately after.
Some moving clips on youtube tonight of the vigil held at Tulsa Metropolitan Baptist church for #TerenceCruther #justice #anger #sadness #terencecruther #justice #anger #sadness
well there is something you cant say on this sub consider this strike 1
Wearing all black tomorrow as I continue to mourn the lives of the most recent victims of police brutality. #blackout #WU #blackout #wu
[NAME] goes to insults when you have nothing smart to say. goodbye
if he would only have any marketable skills, alas I think he is going to serve hard time
@TheNotoriousMMA looking like @MIckeyRourkeFP in his heyday
Andrew's hands start shaking and he says 'I hope I die.. like right now'
It's ironic that those who most strongly embrace TSSC and other churches are so often utterly lacking in any level of true "faith."
Not sure why you're trying to shove spoiler hints into the face of someone who explicitly said they just finished chapter 1 but more power to you I guess
...and I think you just jinxed it. I hope not 🤞🏽
He was then hit by congestive heart failure, fell into a coma, and passed away.
I don't believe they distribute to Austin.
"I wish I could just be whatever my online identity is. Where's our internet singularity, scientists?!"
That sounds like a lovely time :D
No, he's told me on multiple occasions he hates anime
The treatment for my original complaint consisted of some chiropractic manipulation of my hip and pressure onto certain nerves ( which was painful but better afterwards ) and then a marvellous half an hour of lying still with aromatic herbs massaged into my lower back and an assortment of needles inserted at strategic points.
Yes I would love to see!
I have access to some LCMS'. But I don't think it's useful for thermate.
Good thing I don't watch porn lol
I was looking forward to seeing the new predator, this (the concept, not the spoiler) would have made me dissapointed, yet intrigued
Or maybe he's just super hot? Can't help it if you're a casanova.
But i'll be a pity. 🐑 #lively #lively
@rickygervais my first time in Slough so checked out the new station floor  #LifeOnTheRoad #lifeontheroad
Nah, you're nice peoples who eats pickles.
There are good reasons but you potatos just brush it all off with "hurr life is bad cause bad things happen sometimes"
that is the saddest damn yogurt ive ever seen
I recommend this. I read the WN and it fucked up my English for months. English is my second language...
I never said she wasn't a downgrade. But on r/political_revolution the complaint seems to be that she didn't endorse anybody in 2016.
Why do you think many feminists are angry?
“[NAME] = [NAME] = [NAME]” 🤣😂 It truly takes a DEVOTED moron to embrace that nonsense.
No.. This dudes a little wack in the head
That sounds a little paranoid
I know you can’t read this, but I feel really bad and hope you learn to read soon
BTW does anyone watch peep show and have noticed how much [NAME] looks like [NAME]?
[NAME] dead and it was the Government that killed him.
This is brilliant!
[NAME], what is the "short run" vs the "long run"?
Anyone else find @Microsoft 'anniversary windows 10 update 1607' a Complete #nightmare #nightmare
They are too busy caring about only themselves.
That is a great idea! I will propose in in my next session.
The worst thing is when you find it in a place you know you looked first.
he'll be hurt next year too
@ChurdAllan fucked my coupon that goal!
*pokes head in from Detroit* Hi! *waves!*
Are your boys really doing the hand clap meme? Holy crap is this cringey.
Lovely places to buy from but very hard to get a good price as a seller because of their high rents (and bargaining expertise!)
I Can't Believe It's Not Butter.
My favorite browns memory of all time was that game !
What the hell
Using Ma Rong as an example makes sense, but shouldn’t compare Da S to her — didn’t Wang Xiaofei cheat too?
This is what I love about cats
Ah!! Was not expecting to read that this morning on my commute 😭 lol Just so beautiful!
Thanks for the info! Safe scooting.
If you know it's the right thing to do, it's better to "lose" that person than to "lose" that opportunity.
Me nude on facebook, already two comments.
Intentionally frightening the Queen is an indictable offence. (Max 14 years) Criminal Code
That's awful. also i think I just realized why I have so much trouble finishing the last bite of food. I get all anxious about it.
i don't love love love it
I wrote down this bit about one of my earliest school memories as part of a writing exercise about memory as a tool, and I've been dying to share it as I think it's quite funny.
Thank you I very much appreciate it.
and now her mask is on. make up yer mind
Given the horses ass you lot made of the last one, I think it’s best to put this idea on the back burner.
Dont forget asshat.
#LMFAO @MSNBC 's #racepimp Tamron Hall used the words 'fscts' and 'MSNBC' in the same sentence #hilarity #libtard #biasedmedia #neverHillary #lmfao #racepimp #hilarity #libtard #biasedmedia #neverhillary
Yay!!!!! You’ve got this!!!!
No, she's standing in the water after she pees.
I love [NAME] and [NAME] we are so lucky
I mean, DC metro area has ***three times*** Pittsburgh's population, so. Again, relatively, Pittsburgh's is worse.
@riinkanei he's a horrible person and now i gag when i see people quote him
I didn't think it was that bad ><
Oh you'd like that, wouldn't you?
That brilliant and so true!!!
Oh no! People will be able to protect themselves!
These subtitles are stupid & unnecessary.
Sorry, I was misinformed. My apologies, brother in [NAME].
Same! Makes me want to hug them and feed them milk.
Why are you taking a picture of a playground? Lol
Here’s hoping!
> Honestly, I think ANY (maybe not NY) state beats CA when it comes to gun laws. WA is nipping at your heels.
Why aren’t you using dark mode
In America this guy would have been shot before he entered the door
The comeback starts now!!!
Disappointed [NAME] is not on it. He's leading the league and has a quick release.
Did she even pass the formidable Blechdel Test?
We’ll reach the shore someday — wherever we go, there’ll be sunshine and blooming flowers.
[NAME] i love this "no one can be THIS happy, what a horrible person he must be"
I liked going to the beach as a kid, but as soon as we were done I wanted that sand *off*. Wet sand gets *everywhere*.
He raped her. What is wrong with you? Go back to Incels.
It's in my top 3 songs, with heard em say, and through the wire. Such great tracks
No worries. Glad you like it
You have clear issues, get help.
Thats great! Just curious, what game?
you are a smart dude
I was just trying to work around the "no rude" rule. I like a challenge ;-)
Anything in this sub that reaches front page is. I'm subscribed for the sake of genuinely funny content.
Damn this is really uplifting.
I thought you were going to say something about that gross toenail on he left foot. She'll need an industrial grinder to take care of that.
Great questions. I don't have the answer, but I'm happy that were starting to discuss it.
Love the username.
I feel really nervous, or anxious. Idk. My leg keeps shaking. Hmm
Wow... drug smugglers will always find a way I guess. I bet that took a ton of work
I hope they caught the bastard
GUYS WHAT IF THE PEOPLE WHO ARE UPVOTING THE HORNY IMAGES *ARENT* THE SAME PEOPLE AS THE ONES WHO DONT LIKE CAMILLA WHHOOOOOOAAAAA
When will this copypasta die, it must be going strong for 10 years
I noticed that too. Maybe it pumps them up too.
i love how the caption implies that the only unrealistic thing/ the only thing that gives away the photoshop is the sleeve lol
It’s not even bad
Pls shut up
Thanks for sharing that info. I'll see how low I can go. Did you do a trade in?
The people that call in to POV on KX4 make my night.
Obviously. Every post here is intended to be a joke. Just not funny ones, like this post.
I almost wanted to ask him if it was worth it but I had to clean up his mess.
I’ll bet the Phillies owner had a beer with [NAME] high school baseball coach.
> laughing me off. > can’t expect everyone to be current on every topic
Save money and find a good partner so you can be financially stable with someone you love and do whatever you want the rest of your life.
I used to love watching that show.
So Green Bay doesn't get him... I'd be sad for the kid.
Omg he kissed her🙈  #w #w
I'm not sure anyone has asked, and feel free to not answer. But is your feeling that the team definitely favors [NAME] right now?
I like cycling because I get to intimidate people with my powerful calves &amp; horrendous tan lines.
Thankfully it was witnessed by the counselor in full detail.
Thank [NAME] for RT Audiences scores! The **REAL** objective quality metric for kinos!
More like [NAME].
This really comforted me. Like genuinely. Thank you so much. You seem like a truly amazing person.
Watching it deteriorate into a horrific dystopia. Healthcare costs. Dental. Low wages.
#LoiuseLinton has become the female #MartinShkreli. Most hated woman in America. That takes some skill. #entitlement  #notcute #loiuselinton #martinshkreli #entitlement #notcute
There’s no way this gets signed, right? Is it just lip service?
Lmaoooo alright sure you did hardo.
Good potatoes, good pasta.
His playstyle is everything that everyone complains about in Wisconsin basketball and is a cocky little shit, I love him.
Symptoms worsen and they don’t call 120 or go to the hospital — instead they turn to superstition… Is that even normal?
Enjoyed seamlessly setting my #alarm using #okgoogle #Nougat. Just tell #Okgoogle what to do and she does it. #PersonalAssistant #alarm #okgoogle #nougat #okgoogle #personalassistant
🚨 an alle bike-people in #wien - take care: extrem viele kontrollen momentan, insbesondere ring usw. 🚲 \n #schwarzkappler  #reflektor #wien #schwarzkappler #reflektor
Well all I can say is I'm sorry and May [NAME] open your heart one day.
Tbh I love [NAME] but for [NAME] id be willing to see him go. [NAME] gives [NAME] the best chance he'll ever have of competing.
It smelled even worse than it sounds. You learn just how quickly someone's feet can rot and really stink up an entire bay.
So you're saying my man was murdered...
He seems to have a really cool fashion sense, maybe he can do something with it one day, maybe go to Paris?
Hey! I’m watching this very episode right now! Haha
Oh hey, it is!
It's a loooong story with some awkward weirdness haha
I thought I was the only knicks/browns fan on this sub! That's cool. But yeah I love hearing him and clyde do broadcasts
Point scorning and fury at Labor does nothing to address long term detention and the need to resettle #asylumseekers from #manus and #Nauru #asylumseekers #manus #nauru
Hi [NAME]. Nice to meet you, I'm promet.
>Cannot predict now Guess it's on you now /u/smackspr!
Stick to your arts degree, the men will keep building this province, regardless of having to fix garbage the TFWs built.
I still think we didn't give the guy a fair shot to coach.
Appreciate the update, hope this one is the right one though !
OH YEAH we had a Rogue and a Bard, also a barrel of oranges and a cart to carry our stuff
He dunked all the time with us. Loved the reverse two hand slam
I see that my 13 year old son's bedroom is ajar.
Different doctors have different opinions on who should and shouldn’t be vaccinated.
I do have harnesses for them ... maybe I’ll makeshift a sled and see what happens!
Happy B'day for Thursday!
and i seriously felt tat my chest HURTS... for the next few months, i really need to give up: 1 ) SHOPPING2 ) MANICURE & PEDICURE3 ) KTV SESSION4 ) CLUBBINGCOS I SIMPLY DUN HAVE BUDGET FOR THE ABOVE!!
feel like i could describe my thoughts as very noisy sometimes, but my thoughts doesn't really have a voice or noise
Shout out to the two messy bots
Excuse me, I hate to bother you but could you please inform me what you find so aggravating about sea Lions?
I’m having a counseling this weekend ... nothing to be scared.... just tell them about your feelings and what are you worrying about..
My favorite pairing now is [NAME] and [NAME]. There's nothing else good. Of course I Like [NAME] and [NAME] too but I miss [NAME] so much
Around 6000+, a tourist city with 5A attractions, four train stops, mostly elderly, lifeless vibe. City planning’s awful, wasting natural resources; low pay, heavy work—young people won’t stay.
Was she prepared to throw the gun?
The HMC is pretty big and they don't allow stunning.
Congrats! How are you feeling about it?
i love all harper news because i love the shit storm that ensues on here.
I love Invader Zim.
@Apple thanks for ios10 update, even the best app @telegram freezing and crashing on SE. #angry #angry
Final night shift coming up.  I won't miss it but I will miss my work pals and the hysterical laughter that gets us through the night
They probably aren’t wrong. I’m sure many ppl diagnosed asd today used to get diagnosed agoraphobic borderline schizoid avoidant gad etc
I feel like it took for fucking ever actually. Still too fast, but anything would be
Stuff like this is why I subscribed in the first place.
With a username like SomeMormonAsshooe, maybe it means "convert." So does the neighbor's wife *really* want to become a [NAME]?
love seeing his kids too more [NAME] and [NAME] pls!!!
It looks like someone screwed up.
just bulk until you can control yourself again.
!RemindMe 24 hours
i run the rough side of my hand down my stomach the way that you did.
Haven't listened to today's podcast yet, who did [NAME] kill?
soulmate <3
Retrial and vindication are a must! The innocent stay clear — believe in Sun Yang! He’s our nation’s pride, a real Olympic hero, a positive role model. Go, champ!
Oh that's right they just came back from the vacation. This is a vacation business trip. What a fuckin' joke.
You are a wize man. This was a brilliant conversation
Bee/fly = white pepper/black pepper
@airish_cloudly aaww! iam sending virtual hug then, eonnie cares about you so cheer up and study well!
Thank you! I didn't realize that.
I hope you stay as warm and safe as you can ❄💙
And I'm happy we all agree it's deathcore.
Coherence, The One I Love
I do that too. I just feel oddly uncomfortable when I'm doing a task and there's no noise in the background.
Cat is just practicing his Super Mario World skills
I fell asleep with visions of 5 grand dancing in my head.
I wondered what'd happen if I was away for too long from camp. So cool this happens
Nah dude, cats care about you more than anything, they just don't like to show it because they're tsundere
> [NAME] Thanks. The movie is on YT but no subtitles.
Unfortunately on my end, it’s only pecks during sex. Pretty boring. Never open mouthed or anything like that.
I suppose. It was just weird how they went on a NASCAR tangent for like 3 minutes lol.
Just watched the ET interview and it really was good! Love that hoodie strategy haha
Thank god the feds did not raise rates. Assume they are nervous about a world where 990 is the new employee  form  &amp; the safety net is zilch
Everyone seems to forget how much he sucked as a quarterback, there’s a reason he was un drafted
It's such a sad fact. The images of a family of 10 or 20 gathering at our grandparents' house as children will forever remain etched in our minds. In another decade or so, it will be just the three of us celebrating the holidays on our own. It's truly sad.
WTH?! Sorry, but you might need better friends! That is wrong. So wrong.
Exactly. Some ammo is already cheaper than that.
I'm sorry. Now my entire bad pun looks even worse than it did when I started.
That's probably how she got the infection in the first place...
How DARE you!
Wait that... that doesn’t happen
I can't imagine buds being very hard to find in Hawaii
That game hurt.
oh yay old scientist builds himself a robot assistant and makes it look like a hot naked woman nothing alarming here
That way ur so angry you can literally feel ur blood boiling
That's just sad and depressing. Was the race closing before she finished? Well, at least she did it.
That's funny because I used to hate him but researching more just made me like him more
Lol aren’t you the guy that got banned from UKPol for being too left wing? I have to say guy that’s pretty impressive.
Districts like Liwan, Baiyun, and Huadu also experienced severe outbreaks but never had such bad incidents. People in lockdown areas cooperated, so there was no large-scale spread requiring full-district lockdowns—they could reopen and return to work quickly. Many previous outbreaks were first detected in communities. As the blogger said, Guangzhou welcomes friends from Hubei, but in facing the pandemic, cooperation is needed—not actions that make it impossible for others to work.
I feel these people think, what you think you can just feel good? They always feel bad so should you.
01/11/19 - pretty easy to remember as it is the day my band released it's first full length record. The release day gig was also pretty neat!
Lol you could have just said that
That's just....sorry, but stupid is the only correct word.
It more means nuxia needs help.
At that point [NAME] was no longer a virgin! No seriously, ask [NAME]!
Hitting volunteers is wrong! What did they do wrong? Who will still volunteer after this?
What are you on about?
[NAME], this really is stunning
/r/politics is an interesting thread regarding this.
"Been there, got the t-shirt, paying it off for the next 15 years."
Not CPT, I'm assuming?
Yea he messed around with a 33 year old man dating a 14 year old children. Alabama is one of the main stream media lies.
I have heard nothing about him this window. If anything it would be summer.
Me too, buddy.
@Delta stuck on runway after being diverted to Fargo. Continuously told just 10 more mins for the past 4 hours. No food/water offered
This is the worst take I have ever heard on cooking ever.
Thanks!! Been avoiding this but I literally am in that area for the Elk pelt so I better put my emotions in a case
Armenian elves are known for their thick skin and mouth-breathing. This one seems stoned, I’d stay away from it.
I brought it back up they are with amway and LTD
If this guys name is [NAME] I know him. 😖
Man, I would gladly roast this one. Fat rich people must be tasty..
I did.
This entire discussion is very unnecessary
Oh [NAME], someone did it already, and it was 3 DAYS AGO O.O
Moment of levity n Charlotte dude on rollerblades goes skating through protesters. Better if he was wearing short shorts &amp; blowing a whistle
Lol. Go astroturf r/politics. We aint buying her leftist bs here
Hey man, if you need the Chiefs to lose to bring you any sort of pleasure I get it. But at least be classy about it!
I'm having the same problem. Hoping that there is some good advice in response to this! Hugs though hon, I feel your pain.
That’s a lot of emotion for a queen who deserved to go home
@Markgatiss I'm surrounded by those Trump voters. You're right, it is fucking terrifying. #redstate #despair #redstate #despair
This is the greatest thing I've read in my entire life
What a journey.
@Varneyco @SheriffClarke I agree. Rioters destroy property, injure citizens, and threaten lives. We need a zero tolerance policy on riots.
My point is that since they should both get the same sentence...it doesn't matter who is who. Push them both in...
Yankees, Nets, and Giants, all the best!
[NAME] could kill someone on purpose and she isnt going to get into trouble EVER
I lost my blinders .... #panic #panic
forget new buildings, i work at the chase plaza building and am a little bummed that seagram tower made it but this didnt.
I remember it like it was yesterday.
Dear future big brother players, just chase dick all season and you too can win 500,00 dollars and an Sti #bb18 #bitter #bb18 #bitter
I slowed down when I came to a fairly well known speed trap in my town.
I think that’s what she expects too.
This is just classic eureka, when nothing else works make yourself the real victim again
Look into BRI countries, pretty strong overlap with them would be my guess.
They are dangerous AF. I had a student faceplant and break her face, and my daughter's friend hit his head and is in a coma.
Usually i am getting games back to back so no standing time for me 😒
Double doink Love it
Also since so many are forgoing children or having fewer the is less needed to purchase very large homes.
Happy birthday to that gold thong wearing, porn stache sporting son of a bitch!
Oh man. You're the cutest.
Nice try, officer.
It’s literally a meme ideology. Sstaaaaahhhhpppp
My favorite insult I get is from straight white men and it's usually 'tall/fat lesbian' 😂 You intimidated bro?
Yeah but then C diff turns into the hulk and then we’re REALLY screwed
Hockey players are more brave than the US Marines. Have you seen how tough they are they are so tough
Sorry I dropped mine can I have another?
You bottomed out, worked, and wanted more. Feels great, doesn't it?
All it takes is just a bit Practice and thanks!
Actually feel sorry for her. She has depression and low self esteem, this is not going to make it better.
My favorite so far is "national emergency declares national emergency."
@SkyUK what a joke!! Cut our internet off early 'by mistake' and then don't reinstate it when we no longer need an engineer 😡 #fuming #fuming
This whole thing is ridiculous, I love reddit sometimes. ... and I'm sure reddit really loves this ridiculousness too!
So are his parents.
My brah, [NAME] on the line up! Fuck yeah!
I get it. But I not to that extent. Like it’s weird to think every one is out at school while you’re home sick
@MisterSalesman @ThinkPostsDaily #smiling doesnt necessary means your happy.sometimes it just means you're strong! #smiling
You're the one who's out, biggy. Out of your mind!
Honestly acid is fun with 4-6 friends and shrooms is fun with 1-3 friends
Did we miss the fact that #BurkeRamsey swung &amp;hit his sister #JonBenet in the face with a golf club previously out of a fit of #anger? #burkeramsey #jonbenet #anger
[NAME] is a really cool name!
BITCH HER PROMO EVEN DID SCREAMS LIKE A WINNER!!!!
Just the CW thread, I don't think I've noticed bias outside of it.
My wife is not allowed to flick my ears for any reason, and apparently I'm not allowed to stick my finger into her bellybutton lmao.
Was stabbed by a pencil when I was younger, can confirm gave me all the knowledge of the universe.
630am meeting Olympic House #10golds24 .  #neverquit #believe #dreambig #TeamTTO #going4gold #10golds24 #neverquit #believe #dreambig #teamtto #going4gold
Damn its like that tv show on Netflix called You. Stay safe and hope everything works out for you.
Yawning at the insults to me, not the Woman
“Holidays double homesickness.” Spring Festival is sacred — every migrant longs to reunite with family. How can that be labeled “malicious”?
Recording some more #FNAF and had to FaceTime my mum to let her know I was okay after I let out a high pitched scream 😂  #suchagirl #fnaf #suchagirl
I mean... it's horrible and all, but isn't it also a record high every year..?
@nw_autonate \n\n*She held the back of his skull, smiling into the kiss.*
And there’s no reason to drop the f bomb when giving an argument
Thank God she warned me before I walked to that sink cause lord knows I would've been sick to my stomach and would've wanted to sue lbvfs
@Its_just_Huong I will beat you !!! Always thought id be gryffindor so this is a whole new world for me 😨😨😨 #excited #afraid #excited #afraid
How many times do you have to watch The Office. lol!
Thanks China.
I bet you this will lead to a new Revolution. [NAME] keeps on screwing himself.
This is why keep the keys for the cage out of arms reach of the cage.
I bet we have a scene of the new girlfriend fighting with [NAME]
Especially that “Australia ain’t gonna cop it” ad on TV god I hate [NAME]
Oh no! No, there was nothing wrong in your comment. I appreciate you taking the time!
Not necessarily—it depends on the field. In art, talented people learn faster. But effort still matters; with the right direction, it pays off.
Jorge deserves it, honestly. He's weak.  #90dayfiance #90dayfiance
Umm... educated people who think that killing a fetus after viability is abhorrent?
Wtf is that
I am a dishonest and disrespectul
Or plan ahead, call 511 periodically for updates, and don't put your shitty load ahead of your own life.
Watched the full video—saw no stated crime. Journalists, even if you don’t know law, you should know charges matter!
Wait nevermind, i just rewatched the clip. They were in snowball's dream but in that pic they are still in snowball's dream.
What does that even mean? How does one decide right or wrong with something so vague?
“People said I was stupid for stretching out my lobe so far that it ripped. Well who’s stupid NOW?”
I hope the bleeding didn’t last long
This is legit. Nobody puts baby in a corner! (Or a box)
Have wee pop socks on and they KEEP FALLING OFF INSIDE MY SHOES #rage #rage
Lol. Ill try but its just not fun anymore. Haven't dashed in 2 weeks. Busy day job now so no extra time for shenanigans
I’ll have to check that later, seems kinda weird if that’s the case
There is nothing adorable about that terrifying man
This song was my jam in 2018. [NAME] bless you.
I never used the word mean. Chill. I said weak and it is. Its sad aswell.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is amystery, and today is a gift; that's why they call it the present #livelife #humbleness  #live #livelife #humbleness #live
I loved it so much more than I thought I would! [NAME] does an amazing job with quite a bizarre concept!
I might be able to help. A/S/L?
oh man clicking 2 buttons before you read an article, the absolute horror
I'm painfully aware of that having bought a FreeSync monitor with my Nvidia graphics card.
Yeah I doubt the woman would post about it whilst still in his bed. She'd wait until she was dumped then complain about it at least.
They also don’t like him, remember these people have to work with him
Well the three games is all we have to go off of, and he was bad.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes... looks like she braced before impact. Probably gets this shit all the time.
One wonders just how awful [NAME] and [NAME] have to be before people will believe it.
So then use shotguns?
This doesn't belong on the competitive sub; it doesn't have anything to do with the competitive aspect of the game.
This is oddly fitting now you have to do DR2 and V3
And no rails because we have a reasonably logic scense. And we cant sue nobody for our own dumb mistakes.
You are just tricking yourself.
I'd ask him how he plans to spend his days once he gets out.
Hey congrats man, you passed your limits, now keep on going Tekken only gets more fun the better you get
Nope. Not atm anyway. I somewhat doubt they’ll ever add upgraded satchels but it would certainly be welcomed.
You just posted the same thing but made it worse.
Wow this is pretty interesting. We should have a thread about what's it like to grow up in a polygamous household
Fair to say I won't have to pay pipebomb 10ETH. Happy New year, all!
@noris_prosk8r2 (Maybe don't provoke him in the future if you do not want to run the risk of him punching your board.)
If they rig the DNC once, they can do it again.
But cause I knew I could just go to the side and pass them the food...but then I was scare TOO HAHA...in the end I had no choice but to go
You are totally right!!! Complete waste of time
Thanks for the reply! May I ask what part of the world you're from?
Get [NAME] streaky ass tf off this team.
I don’t watch the Colts, but out of interest do they insist on making [NAME] block consistently like we did.
I did something like
Darn it. I was saving all the food stuff.
He looked like he fell in love
Can someone post [NAME] before picture I'm curious now
I have severe sugma and you're tricking me with your stupid word games. Shame on you.
He may be jealous that you were able to do so
It’s rebranded as the ‘Quarter Note Hotel’. For now.
If he hits you and constantly degrades you, it's abuse
*lol whats a calculator isnt that a person that calculates why would they have letters on them*
Literally anyone could be a freedom fighter if you look at it right (or wrong)
Enjoy trading a potential superstar for the worst guard defender in the league.
I focus on the pain
In our other comment thread you twat.
I love seeing the crowd's reaction to that every away game.
This is absolutely the proper place to post this.
because it's a morning ritual and i like the smell and taste
Wait, you don't love reading people's blog posts on Reddit?
He's gotta be a robot or a test tube baby. Only explanation.
I used to like [NAME] so much him and [NAME] were one of my fave couples but I’m over him and his BS lol
I just relapsed after a 15 day streak.
I hate my lawn mower. If it had a soul, I'd condemn it to the fiery pits of Hell.
#WeirdWednesday OKAY! That jump-scared the #Poop out of me right there. Bad dog, BAD! Total code-brown in my favorite pants. #Damnit  #weirdwednesday #poop #damnit
Your aunt has some damn nerve, though!
Certain mental health issues can be smelled on a person; by all accounts, schizophrenia makes a person's sweat smell like goat
I put my hand on its tail to pet it.
Let's do this shit. Michigan first half?
Smile at people and see what happens.  I think you'll be surprised #smile more #surprisepeople #influenceinternational #smile #surprisepeople #influenceinternational
Tell me when you find out how to bowser-wobble
Thanks for the reply. And I'm not gonna do that, no worries. I just enjoy getting knowledge about everything on the earth.
That one pesky drop of water was in it for the long haul.
I’m ready to unsubscribe from this sub
Also the infection that almost killed her because they tried to save the leg, leading her to get the prosthesis.
Playoffs are the most important games... hence why [NAME] is considered to be the best *regular season* QB and not the best
@homoaesthetics YESYESYES like jd is the closest cahracter that is similar to blaine!! the optimism and ability to crack tough characters
I pulled a shard of bone out of my mouth.
I like that [NAME] is still [NAME]
This will probably get buried but...
He hide his tears behind that fedora
If you think you're good to go already, don't worry about it.
Don't mess with my orange juice.
Lord help me I want to be a mod again. So many damn trolls here
She was HOPING she was gone!
Happiest of birthdays, hope you can share it with the ones you love
Post paid. It's very temperamental on when and how it's gonna work.
Someone that can check your dash and aa your jump is frightening.
Luke 1:14\nHe will be a joy and delight to you, and many will rejoice because of his birth
That is the plan.
Honestly I don't care if they're faked. It's an original concept that I find pretty funny
Thank you for subscribing to Bull Facts ^^TM !
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @kana_blender  #musically #musically
You haven’t missed anything. I looked out of curiosity and didn’t look twice. I was surprised that Colt would do that.
love seeing "donkey kong 64" written on some official government paper congrats hbomb, you deserve it all champ
Quick way to get deactivated there buddy.
No! You can't have that one! That's a coconut cake!
I know! I'd buy this for my unit my coworkers would love it 😂
Hahaha. Oh [NAME]. Way to ruin the fun lol
Stop spreading false hope!
The only life that needs to be ended here is the life of the guy that raped your daughter. Abortion is just medicine
i had a panic attack the other night because i thought my mum was out but she was actually downstairs and she started bashing around hrjdjd
I see that the facebook and twitter crowd is leaking into our sub. Awesome.
Be happy because I won't be short anymore one day
It's so breezy I love it 🌬️🍃💛
i love dark gurl wit da juicy booty
put on some real filthy porn before running errands, that'll leave the parents with having to answer really awkward questions
I feel retarded because i laughed
#aliens #zombie #gore #slash #ghost #sith #horror I love it all. 🔪 #aliens #zombie #gore #slash #ghost #sith #horror
Sad for the people who contracted measles. Angry at the parents who didn't vaccinate their kids against measles.
It definitely has the best look to it. Also the best characters. Count [NAME] henchmen are amazing.
One day please show this post to him it is so beautiful and kind.
Ugh YES. I literally am so against it and everyone is always like "why it's fun" but like I just want to find love
#AnthonyWeiner #DISTRACTION #what is really going on? #selection #election #Syria #terrorism #race #riots #GasCrisis2016 #NoDAPL #rape #anthonyweiner #distraction #what #selection #election #syria #terrorism #race #riots #gascrisis2016 #nodapl #rape
This idiot can't be bothered to comprehend anything that reads longer than a bumper sticker.
The gospel ruth
@reikimuse @MHChat I am beyond the sadness point. Have done it inside out. I live with CPTSD and BPD  I can't always do the pity party
it's just a gamer word bro way to disrespect gamer culture smh my head
I think we can all agree that [NAME] sucks
It's been pretty mild in New England but we got a massive storm coming to change that at the end of the week
My hair never scrunched and I was so jealous
*on a lighter note*\nGG, Nkaissery &amp; Total Man? The rate at which Jubilee is losing these votes!! 😟
The forgotten [NAME]? He's pretty good on the Flash as [NAME].
Why start early education like this? Parents should accompany at first — after six months, slowly let the child attend alone. Step by step, following their psychology.
This is the stupidest thing to get excited over (but I am)
Holding a #grudge doesn't make you #strong; it makes you #bitter. #Forgiving doesn't make you #weak; it sets you #free. #grudge #strong #bitter #forgiving #weak #free
Double sheilds is excellent 3800 and below. Prob is, teammates dont use them
Oh so it's more like r/im14andnothingisdeep
Everything. Everything is wrong with being hypocritical.
Pot meet kettle. I don't enjoy having the last word as much as I enjoy you not having it. It seems pretty important to you.
I like [NAME] but she fucking sucks right now for the all star game haha.
I feel like i really want to go learn metal casting from [NAME] now
Be content .... Life is too short. #smiling #smiling
First college room mate ever.
“Why are you complaining, every team would’ve signed this guy”
I just want tk be a random scumbag
Oh thanks! The bot didn't link it so I didn't know
Holy shit it's almost like the PYD is a organization of Syrian citizens I can't believe he exposed them on that.
@Bietron 🤓 dont be sad.. btw good night davina..go sleep larh..
Do u realize u can revive yourself with it once it's lvl3 ???
> I'm clearly not even a student I guess you've never heard of "you" being used as a general address.
Thank you! Yeah, I can see that. I'm just posting old work of mine, some of the resolution isn't that great- apologies!
Oooh I see! Oh god yes, [NAME] is one of the best things about England. I also quite like [NAME], for my sins!
Wasn't meant to be. Que Sera Sera.
Rip hot chocolate 2019-2019
And none of them give a damn about the [NAME]. Very telling.
Is there a link for razz discord?
now this is epic
They very clearly state no new accounts can post. Yours is 2 weeks old and low karma.
Because learning another language is cultural appropriation. This people are pathetic.
@LonelyGoomba I wouldn't bring this up if I were you. It's a very touchy subject. And people get way to offended these days
Less frugal, right?
@CGasparino Give it up Gas, I don't hate u, I just don't respect ur rudeness.
Best way to fight it is to fight it in every way.
it was both lively &amp; lovely @crumblepie15 @buryprofs @DittoBistro #BuffnPolish #buffnpolish
Not at all. I wasn't offended in the least. Thanks for the promotion!
Only married once so can't be that bad. Not that it even matters
[NAME] milquetoast reformism is still too radical for Wall Street.
I really like [NAME]. He has such a great personality and has great chemistry with the team.
y i k e s
Waahha, ohh, they massawaaa... STOP IT. YOU CAN ACT LIKE A MAN.
Debunked as in proven wrong. Again, he is a well known fool. Do yourself a favor and never take anything he says remotely seriously.
He was afraid of flying
its treason then
Pulisic is a replacement for our abysmal right wing.
@zinabukvic_ cheer up
@o2academybham since when the fuck can you not stand at a concert?
So that’s what it looks like when it’s not a flop
Omg i hope this is about [NAME]. I would LOVE to see [NAME] and [NAME] go head to head
thanks mate! yes, will buy some protein shakes today.. fucking expensive but better than starving i guess
Oh, my [NAME]
Nice try hom... oh no it’s real this time D:
@AwardsDaily Looks that way.  I don't want to see how Q is going to handle Tate murder.  #shudder #shudder
Great, glad to hear most socialists are hypocrites who ascribe supernatural outcomes to their ideology
So odd numbers one way, even the other. Not too hard to figure out. Would make more sense if they were just in numerical order.
Don't tell yourself those lies. They only serve to keep that weight in place. We're all lucky to have you. You're a gem
Ahh damn! Gotta pay attention to that, never even knew!
All the time, you just sort of accept it round here. Butt-hurt mombies and bitter regretful daddicts are what I usually chalk it up to.
[NAME] has never said he wanted to build the team around [NAME]. Not sure why people are spreading this rumour.
Try posting to r/mentalhealth I'm sorry this is happening to you and I hope you get better.
I’d rather have 50$ every time I see a variation of this prompt lol
Binge drinking is a big problem in VN right now, unfortunately. So I wouldn't be surprised if drunkenness was the main cause of this.
Cough cough, r/gunners would likento buy you a drink for speaking the truth good sir.
Damn, I’d love to own a stg-44...
It's very normal in most parts of the world. It just rightfully appears horrifying to those in 1st world countries.
Damn, I really been playing this series all my life...and I ain’t got any regrets.
Loved his wife.
Food must be good then. It looks good. Besides the wood plank lol
Only to be horrified.
[NAME] learned to fight smarter, not harder. I love her development so much
Bring back [NAME] and [NAME] or Admin 2: Electric Boogaloo will be non existent
Arguably. It is undefined.
At least this makes me feel better about not being photogenic. It’s the cameras fault!
Or like when the one of the 4-year-olds I substitute taught at church asked why I was wearing a belt around my waist.
I thought that was a good pickup line
I hope for his sake his name isn't on it. It would be much simpler legally if it isn't.
@WDWNT #spooky night at #disney #fortwilderness campground #disneyworld #powerfailure #dark #spooky #disney #fortwilderness #disneyworld #powerfailure #dark
Oh, fond memories of accusations of belonging to the CTR squad for so much of 2015/16.
Whoa whoa whoa, dont go firing him into the rest of us. He is your alien being
#ERROR! #error
Thats a meme? That feels more like depression
Yup [NAME] is who me miss. Anyone notice though that his little southern twang ramped up to about 100x more when he went national?? Lol
I didn't look out of my hands.
Did you hear the reason for this? Because they are concerned about inventory, initially.
yeah I can see myself in that too. I lost all feeling for responsibilty. except for going to work.
Because we feed the shitty ones so there is no incentive to put in effort
Right on [NAME] having a big year, but [NAME] was super disappointing this year.
Thank you. [NAME]
I was afraid things would if we kept seeing each other, which is why I brought this up to her now rather than later.
Curious why the option is even allowed then.
She sends it to her tinder dates as proof of identity. Edit: maybe grinderdates or something else. I don't want to descriminate against ANY sex-dating app.
@coopah Worst than going to the morgue to do a positive ID. #horrible Reuters #horrible
You're right, thank you.
😢 Happy Birthday [NAME]! She had an amazing role model growing up!
Well who knows what valve thinks. I don’t like Lyrical and Maut either.
Lip injections only cost $700 and I saved up for months. But I’m broke currently
Wait what? I don’t get it?? Help.
@WWE is the live event Brock vs Orton 2 this Saturday on the WWE Network? If not it needs to be! :) #wwe @RandyOrton @HeymanHustle #revenge #wwe #revenge
You’re right, I have come across that as well. I have been driving long distances for too long! Congratulations on a shorter drive!
Reflection: the grind has been so REAL! Working 2 jobs &amp; being in school. #ksudsm #ksu #recruiter #instructor #tumble  #gradschool #ksudsm #ksu #recruiter #instructor #tumble #gradschool
I love them
[NAME]
How did notre dame drop two spots when the played us closer than bama did?
malicious intentions? what are you talking about?
I'm all for not getting too crazy because we've had a rough stretch, but [NAME] scoring twice hurt. A lot.
It’s harder when you have kids with the partner.
@gurrie_j thanks for making me super sad about Pizza. #sad #freepizza #sad #freepizza
[NAME] sent her! She had to thank him publicly for this outlay!!!
Sorry @wow_air definitely going with @Icelandair next time, this is beyond unreasonable @wowairsupport  #yourappologiesmeannothing #yourappologiesmeannothing
Omg yes lol it’s the story of my life
Never thought I’d see a comrade here
Paying for the drinks doesn’t equate to drinking the drinks.
They are building a shell command on a server, combining that with user input, and then executing that in a shell on the client. #shudder #shudder
I’m sorry this happened to you. I’m glad you got out of it.
Give it time.
@CallumPinner you came in at silly o'clock and woke me up that's what happened #wasted  #wasted
Do you have proof for what you said scientifically and mathematically ?
Left my phone in Mcds #panic #panic
i closed my eyes and heard something hit the ground.
i got a bump and a bald spot. i feel dumb <3
Same, I just want to see her get eaten by a flamingo on rollerskates
Thanks! I'm going to Middlebury this fall but that's going on my resumé for the rest of my life tbh
Dodged some great cheese. I love their cheese.
The couple broke up a few months after we moved in and the tension was insane.
It really sucks people are downvoting you just because they were worried about blowing themselves up just like us nova bomb users.
@donna_bellav @SoniaRayS @gig_aholic He looks especially lovely. Sadly, I do not *removes potentially indignant Mr D from convo*
That’s what really kills me - thinking about this from our daughter’s perspective. Thank you for this. ❤️
that is a rather attractive cartoon man
You're nicer than me. I would have let them get towed.
Oh yeah, not planning on it this month. Haha. Just getting psyched for my first summer in the PNW!
Well they did make it entertaining on [NAME], almost forgot OW has all these heroes.
@FoRDaYS14 😳 chewing what? #smile #arcdental #turlock #smile #arcdental #turlock
Once they saw the purple hair dye go into the Amazon cart, they got real scared.
This is scary to know that you went through. People like this are one step away from coming home with a gun or knife.
Spoken like a true man. My science teacher supposedly has ramblings about “not touching people.”
>backpfeifengesicht I'm doing my best to memorise this. I have a feeling it will come in handy.
Hey [NAME], welcome to reddit! How's your first day? There's no chance you had a previous username, is there?
Good takeaway. Don't be gullible and don't share questionable information without fact checking it first. Misinformation only becomes a problem when it spreads.
Thanks for pointing out the only error I made. Out of everything there, that is what you chose to take issue with.
You seem to be on the right track you gotta get 10k karma before your account is a year old
That's awesome. I never realized it was attributed to [NAME], though.
Promise me that when you call out his name you pronounce "Papa-paparazzi papa-paparazzi pahhh pahhh paparazzi, dinnnner!"
I'm crying.
[NAME] tattoos were specifically design to augment his physique. This guy looks like his little sister scribbled on him while he was asleep.
It is though. Certainly the worst Zelda game at least.
Looks like a long lost cousin of [NAME]
This show would suck without him. It would just be the same old [NAME] bullies someone bs it usually is
What the hell does metaphysics have to do with this? Also it’s a meme, get over yourself.
You guys were asking me, why am i so quiet and you guys are not use to me shutting my mouth.
It was not my ex, I just watched her in action.
I would like to suggest one that's like Would You Rather. More of a dark comedy but oh so good. Cheap Thrills is amazing
You're right, it's relatable. Hope everything's OK for you
I know but for that one moment he was more than that guy who snuck in [NAME] room at night and wore his helmet
Now i'm stuck with a Class D Felony for Distribution of Marijuana... fucking sucks man..
As long as it's "I don't like you." Not " I don't like you because (protected status)"
Only a [NAME] deals in absolutes.
Cant you just feel the unconditional love <3
Yes, I should be- GOOD LORD, WHAT IS HAPPENING IN THERE?
i was in that thread, but i can at least admit it ;)
Sorry This and [NAME] shot in game 5 of the 1990 finals are my all time favorite moments in basketball.
I didn't realize it was that common of a thing for guys to do xD
Saving for later
Hey I'm from Htown too! What bar did you used to work so I know to stay away? Haha congrats on leaving!
The QB said they loved it
I just see a car incessantly hogging the middle lane despite being undertaken on the inside!
Yeah but even then I feel like they could’ve went about it better
@annafifield @washingtonpost all hands on deck at the post and in the msm as trump starts to lead in oh, fla, NC, NV, CO.
Step 1. Choose a new team (avoid Carlton and GC) Step 2. Enjoy!
Better than just saying hey :)
I love Wayfair! Just started using them and am impressed. Sounds like UPS sucks. Enjoy your couches! Haha
@1720maryknoll I was #fuming Kenny. #fuming
That's hilarious.
Its had enough of this life and ending it all.
And they are right. [NAME] ([NAME]) even shot the ball and missed after [NAME] made shot
So? Many people don’t resemble their parents.
I went there for the first time not long ago, just to experience it for myself. I wont be going back.
a partner of mine made it -- it's just about my favorite meme ever
And then attacking you as a person when you say you'd prefer not to be stalked and murdered. Sorry but your friend is a problem.
So very sweet! Brotherly love
You stole this
Or if he *is* you on another account... Your online self-flagellation isn't doing anyone any good.
Only season 1 of sense 8 is worth watching.
Damn why’d you have to do him like that😂
Now this is a Contrapoints video I want to see
Winner #Champion #school #lastyear #gouniversity #university #me #dark #Black #webstagram #blackandwhite #champion #school #lastyear #gouniversity #university #me #dark #black #webstagram #blackandwhite
You’re right. Thanks so much, appreciate it.
Had to give up on The Blue Guitar, couldn't stand main character. Sort of skim-read to the end which got grim and unsettling . . . 1/2
If he was a human being he wouldn't have subjected me to that song damn near constantly for a year.
Sage grabbed my toothbrush this morning and showed me how to brush my teeth.
Don't confused sex with gender. Gender identity can't be boiled down to beards and balls.
Big White Yang must take this retrial seriously — don’t repeat past mistakes! You got this 💪
This is an Opinion article, just keep that in mind.
Half the cars I see in Florida seem to be allowed to drive at night without any lights. I don't get how they get away with it.
wow. I think you've done all you can.
You're a hottie!
Based on the down votes I can say this is truly an unpopular opinion although it shouldn't be
I will aspire to know the truth. Do not worry. and I will pray to [NAME].
Lol don’t act like you care if you aren’t willing to back it up. Cheers
Pussies - In the dark, they're all the same
Oh sorry I gotcha
Praying to [NAME] 😂😂😂 I'm going to use that!
That looks pretty cool
Your team lacks ethics.
Alright thanks to all. I will tr it with more wards the next time and boots and penetration. Thx for your support!
Well it didn’t work that well, I mean... they lost
I start work tmrw yall, i'm nervous lol
I like Tom and Kato.
An adviser to the #European #Union’s top #court said #Hamas and the #Tamil #Tigers should be taken off the EU’s #terror list.#lka #european #union #court #hamas #tamil #tigers #terror #lka
That's an insanely rational and expected response to someone with whining parents.
Only Ten more minutes of watching [NAME] drop easy ass throws
I can safely and honestly attest that I have had *nothing* to do with any disappearances of any sort. ~~[NAME] has already touched the reply button.~~
Mmk. Sure bud.
[NAME] on twitter is way different that [NAME] on youtube... anyways i love tsm no matter the tiltles no matter the rosters lets have a good year !
Completely right about [NAME], [NAME], [NAME]
Oh thank [NAME] another commercial break. I was missing all these repeated, terrible ads
Hated the work or the city?
They've done it before with private law and private militias, dumbass.
I hope this leads to [NAME] empire going down.
...wasn't she recovering from pneumonia at the time?
.@Travelanswerman: The possibilities R endless Becca when U unplug from the 'Matrix!' Stay salty and #happy #surfing! #sunset #aloha … #happy #surfing #sunset #aloha
#Fuck the cowgirls & iggles #fuck
Are you high? People go for walks while wearing clothing all the time. It's when you go without the clothes that you run into problems.
whats with these boxes when i search google on chrome #horrible #distracting #horrible #distracting
Catering channel's at the height technics hearty enjoyment symptomatize: vrlfEyrN
Surprised to not see Three Arrows on the list when he went from no videos at all to over 100,000 subscribers just in the course of 2018.
I enjoyed when they learned what New York City billionaires really think about guns.
our boi famous
They added it back for a short time but removed it shortly after.
I guess my eyebrows were missing each other and needed to grow closer... and so they were really trying to get super close.
Be careful with this. This is the same rationale lots of people used to hate on the Covington students.
Ye. And I can put it on another scumbag i know
@EssexMDO Long term start with a club for younger children and aim to keep them engaged as they become teens. #TakeoverChat #takeoverchat
That day was incredible.
You have terms where the other person can't hang out with someone of the opposite sex? How is it gaslighting?
Congrats and be well. Peace and tranquility to you. !
My biggest fear is catching feelings. I got dangerously close once lol. It’s just about self control.
Absolutely not. What if a girl did this to you? Instant turn off. She doesn't seem interested. Keep the communication face-to-face at this point.
Damn I'm tired as hell I never get a off day during the week anymore 😭 I wanna call in so bad but these lil 60 hrs sounds so good.
[NAME] in the highest!
This makes me want to get nipple piercings but I’m too scared to :/
It's refreshing to not see comments with anti-china sentiments here every once in a while.
Mandle jokes.
[NAME] what a dork you are to think the above comment means I am daft to the behavior endured by women for way too long.
That’s interesting, I took it as the dad being in a coma and the daughter visiting him in the hospital
I agree. But, if you were delivering shrimps-n-gritz betcha you'd be tempted.
What kind of dog is that on the left?! He looks like a sweet pup.
If my concerns &amp; anxiety don't matter to you then I shall return the favor. #EyeMatter #eyematter
After memorials, focus on operations — fix support, build an app, launch airdrops, referral rewards… what are you even doing daily?
I was really hoping it was the gasping pikachu when I clicked the link, I wasn’t disappointed.
The Sephardic Temple in my area offers traditional non-equalitarian services, so it’s not an official Sephardic synagogue?
I know! I love it..... this is who we really are!
Oh my god. Don't you know it's illegal to share memes if you don't have an IQ of 16 trillion?
I can see that
Congratulations!! Colorado is an amazing place! I just moved away a year ago and miss it terribly :) Best of luck to you!
Not at all!
I really hope your marriage is healed and can become stronger than ever.
I want to learn this, but booze seems to make me even more silent.
You all are looking at this guy reading this book, but ARE YOU SEEING HOW HAIRY THIS GUYS ARM IS?!?
You have selected POWER DRIVE
Okay perfect! I'll definitely have that conversation with him then. Thanks for the help! :)
Also the sneezing. The dog is sneezing which is canine for "this is a great game"
Said it before and I'll say it now: America is really fortunate that black people only want equality and not revenge.
Who is your least hated and absolute worst? (Outfit based only)
The UN said the election was a sham. The man is causing death destruction and starvation. Your morals are completely and utterly fucked.
now youre literally just spouting talking points. its almost like youre just here to promote a political party.
I haaaaaate vanilla scents and they are a 100% NOPE for me. I wear more neutral/woodsy scents and boyfriend loves it, so win.
I think he ([NAME]) was escort. And [NAME] was medium.
Its like a tiny hat. A silly itty bitty hat.
Oh, hey what's up dude? Haven't seen you around in a while bro. Glad to see your still here.
Yah, thanks...I've several times made mistake of getting excited b4 face to face..no more i say
#soywax limited edition horror candles going up @scentedscreams! Follow us for all the latest news!! #horror #soywax #horror
Not sure how anyone whos been paying attention could
It's still interesting to watch though ... from far away, with no personal involvement whatsoever.
Couldn't find it.
Zhengzhou’s low-risk, all tests negative, yet my hometown demands 7-day quarantine—obviously just blocking us from returning for New Year.
It's #HobbitDay! \nHobbit's give gifts on their birthdays, so I'm sharing the gift of #glee today! Find something that makes you happy! #hobbitday #glee
My seven year old usually wants to change behind closed doors and her decision is respected
This seems like something that would be hilarious as a parody
Oh I got one are you overweight
Yeah exactly man haha. Not just that core is bad but hc is always more fun imo
Cheers. Never heard of any of them. Kids will do that to you...
Uhhhh, existed... Ever been to Arkansas? It’s boring as fuck.
Thoroughly entertaining.
Bags are packed. Have to leave the country at a minimum as it's one of those gyms that's all over the place. Bad times.
Anarcho-capitalism is indeed a joke, yes
Yeah -- a woman who expects a guy to never even think about other women for the rest of his life is a special kind of delusional.
The weight of all that water is enough to kill someone if they don’t drown.
I read TFTFD periodically, too - - I wasn't sure if the Mods there would leave the post up or tell LAOP to post on r/AskHotel instead.
You’re doing the [NAME] work.
Well i did hear once before that girls are attracted to men that look like their dad!  👌 #serious #serious
Don't call this baby a jerk It just loves its humans too much
He really channeled his inner [NAME] for this goal
YES PLEASE... I thought they did a while back but maybe not. Either way, they should! Very annoying.
I provoked by breathing too hard. And yes, I hate that.
They could have used the explanation of E-2 people vibrating at a different frequency. At least that’s previously established.
Man, this just gets funnier even after seeing it for the 30th time in the last month! /s
I mean, it was season two level of “what the fuck are you doing writers?!”
Yeah is saw that. Poor [NAME] :D
@WhiteJennyB @EmreUslu jenny white  u r the dumbest here .. What r u trying ? Get lost..
Wow so you really are pro-abuse huh
This is straight up depressing
Oh right cos things now are sooooo amazing.
You slid through me like a hot knife through butter under my skin, and never gone yet.
This expert also was the ex-husband of the murdered woman.
So creepy. Made me check my locks.
I wanna kill you and destroy you. I want you died and I want Flint back. #emo #scene  #fuck #die #hatered #emo #scene #fuck #die #hatered
*When.* When he wins.
Lol it's a public sidewalk, I wouldn't call it their set
kino = german for 'cinema', so a cape-kino would be a superhero movie. took me a second, too--my brain was pronouncing it like cappuccino
wanting to kill other people doesn't? all i'm saying is, you wanna kill people - start with yourself.
I don’t think we want some sort of incest plot arising here
Looks like something translated from Irish to English using google.
@HonestAndFrank but  @BillCosby drugged and raped those women. At least you and Barb were sober and consenting!!
It's the #FirstDayofFall and I'm so happy. Sipping my #PumpkinSpice flavored coffee and #smiling! Happy Fall everyone! #amwriting #firstdayoffall #pumpkinspice #smiling #amwriting
Do not throw away your hair, fingernails or teeth because if you don't find them upon your death, you will regret it!
I can't breathe right, my head has been stuffed up for THREE MONTHS, I have whacked out dreams, can't sleep, I'm just... I'm... I feel like I'm breaking.
You need to recheck your science. A simple Google search will yield research articles showing a biological and genetic basis for being LGBT. Happy reading!
@corruptmelon now im feeling the #worry #worry
Having a good list of alternatives would be something great we could produce
Sounds like some people could just be a bit confused and maybe not been to a drive thru before
Some questions you get on Twitter make you want to despair. We've been so battered. We complain but aren't convinced things could be better.
I am pleased to report that my 5 win streak was broken.
Minion #2: So should we warn [NAME], master? [NAME]: Ew no lol #2
There's really no need to test for congenital defects with a mixed breed.
GO SUB TO HIM HES THE BEST
I hope you have a wonderful cake day!
I usually just refer to it as concealed carry. Cuts down on some of the tla overload
You're getting your french fries from the wrong places, then.
We're entitled to express our opinion that OP's opinion is shit.
@KClarkSC2 @JohamasSC2 with their faggy colors are nice' is ok too. Even tho some might take offense because WORDS LOL.
Lmao good luck tryna convince anyone you’re not just a brain washed redpiller tryna start shit just for validation :/
It's good though because itll make you cherish the happy times while youre in them, instead of lookinf back on them.
Did you taste it
i wear all black. always. i died when we launched la boulange pastries. pink shirt of shame.
you too good sir
Oh god [NAME] has a fucking gun oh fuck
Ive done this to a couple of people. It makes me feel really pleased with myself. Just riding in circles around people.
I love how he says the crime *solving* boat, like there was another show about a boat committing crimes.
Happy #internationaldayofpeace everyone hoping that the world becomes a better place less division more happiness keep smiling. 😄😄❤️ #internationaldayofpeace
These are the same people who make fun of single women who own pets.
That’s what the auto-shut off is, that thing that I said malfunctioned due to the extreme cold.
thanks for the quick reply I am very bored. what anime do you like?
Uh... Yeah... So you reject them.
Luckily I was helped by some good people. And they also managed to free me of my depression. Unfortunately it only lasted a little while.
Hope so but deadshot was her man too bad they had to kill him smh
Great pass by [NAME]
Dude, calm down. Even a freshly arrived transplant can share in mourning the loss of a business that’s been there multiple decades.
Food that gets delivered 😍🙌🏻 #cheering #happy #cheering #happy
Firm, but gentle. Baby hamsters or live goldfish. Soft female hands caressing my balls is a wonderful feeling.
Like this game from a week ago? 26 points 14
Sorry to hear that, I hope you're doing better now.
Anyone else think [NAME] kind of reminds them of [NAME]?
I like The Office but this seems a bit weird.
A long term relationship with pizza? Wow talk about accurate!
Shadow of Mordor 3 looks pretty lit
Eso me cae bien. I was just thinking that contending to make the playoffs in a few years was a depressingly low goal.
I love [NAME]. I really love him. Xx
Do you need someone to talk to [NAME]? Your comment history is pretty disconcerting.
Exactly, you need a Hollywood woman of age to pair off with him. Past 35 should be fine right?
Was this tattoo designed by [NAME]?
def a great thing to do (and to showcase for a storyline)
Just made my first robocough purchase. Glad I used the website
Goodmorning fam, do you know that your critical condition pave way for your miracle, so #dont #worry #be #happy #dont #worry #be #happy
“Cracking himself up” nearly made me throw up.
Yep. Id say ever since Diablo 3 it was shown that the company was no more. They no longer were gamers making games for gamers.
Had the item hit you, I would have asked security to hold them, for you to press charges for assault. No one should be entertaining that foolishness
You look like [NAME] from firefly :)
You must be new here if that's the cringiest shit you've seen so far.
How fortunate you're able to whine about it without being censored...
out of curiosity, What are you watching?
I've seen a number of them on there. I regret seeing most of them but some are legit movies.
- I once caught him eating a vat...a VAT of uncooked rice covered in peanut butter.
I read this is the voice of [NAME]. Great job with the narration!
Lol, pinches narizones.. Their physical game is on another level. Would rather play with a guy like that instead of against him though that's for sure.
But seriously, you're probably going to feel very sick
Seriously, you wanna give me singles? Awesome. I don't have to ask management AGAIN for more ones. XD
NO NO NO NO STOP STOOOOOP [NAME] is a good friend of mine, he’s aware they aren’t canon but I respect him for making OC.
@dlrwills turn that frown upside down buddy 🙃.
Apple’s still a toothpaste company — from what’s leaked, only the Pro will get USB-C next year. Regular models must wait until iPhone 16.
This made me laugh way harder than it should have
***Welcome*** to an AWESOME sub!!!
It's really sad when you can't order goods from china and the likes because of Internet fraudsters... What's this government really doing.
This team + 2 lottery picks and another offseason for our young players will definitely be a playoff team next year.
Freedom +100, Steps +999, Happiness +9999, Joy +9999 — Love her, muah! So looking forward to it.
No, you’ll find her. Us childfree lesbians are out there.
Yeah? I’ll believe it when the Packard plant is a bigger version of the Factory at franklin
I get excited reading headlines like this.....all the way until the end where it's always in a country NOT my own.
Let's get the streak going.
And completely daft
@BBCSport too dull for the UK.
@Mick727XD I know your furious, i am too, but just stop fucking moaning. We didn't win until the 7th game last season and where we finished.
We need a bench and a coach that realizes six foot three players aren’t small forwards.
I love this. you get a favorite.
Yeah, it basically gives us carte blanche to challenge every single gun law, lol. [NAME].
This is repulsive what the fuck is wrong with places like this. It does have an element of hilarity tho
ahhh sorry its late and bourbon fuzz has set in. thanks for the fast reply !!!!
Why did she get married if she did not love him? Aren't you afraid the same thing wil happen to you?
This is pretty funny. I’ve known dozens of people who fall into all of those stereotypes.
Oh hell no
Why wouldn’t you want as much exposure to the idea of this protest as possible? It’s an incredibly important issue.
That should usually be the giveaway—though they now wear these ridiculous waist-high tights to hide the fact they don’t have workout bodies either.
2 is washed out, 6 and 10 are too dark. Also imgur showed me a bald naked chimpanzee right after your last picture and I nearly choked.
I'm glad she made it as easy on you as possible.
Yep, I found myself rooting for him the whole time!
Learning how to use twitter #lost #lost
This guy started out OK but quickly became a fucking heroin addict.
I'll try. Thank you.
Done and done in the memory of [NAME]. I am sorry for your loss.
You are not alone. We do not sit in this darkness alone, even though other lack of light may make it seem so.
In China, follow China’s rules. Can’t do that? Go back to the US! Stop causing trouble and spoiling our city!
It makes for awkward conversation when I ask "What's your favorite song?" And I get "I just liked the shirt" in response
Lol hokay guy.
Sounds hella aggressive. You can say the same thing while being nicer about it.
Top seed Johnson chases double delight at Tour Championship
I sleep alone on the floor. That was a bad idea...
Hey Man! Your house is on fire! All you gotta do is look just turn around and look!
Hopefully he will
Luckily he is not.
Getting AB for anything less than a 2nd rounder + something else definitely isn't realistic.
Get out of my head.
Wow that is the exact armor combo i used to use
Why was nobody driving the damn thing? They were all in the backseat. :/
Oh yeah? Come back when you drop your stew on the floor before eating any.
Feeling good in the gayborhood.
Love hearing [NAME] talk about money not gonna lie.
Even after many years and green grass on the ruins, the painful memories and tears of that year remain.
actually pretty hot tho
TGIF! Hope everyone that needs to find #recovery can and that our friends stay #sober this weekend! @REBOSTreatment @BlvdCenters #recovery #sober
Go to Happiest Hour before/after the game. Walking distance b/w AA center. It's a fun spot!
Just like you can't underestimate the capacity for evil, you can't underestimate the capacity for stupidity
@TheSGJournal Step 1: Get rid of @LittleStokePark Step 2: Prioritise football Step 3: profit? #depressing #depressing
Bro, highmountain looking sick
Because he's attractive. Hence [NAME] come out in droves to defend him despite the fact he's a horrid asshole.
@williamcontrol just preordered The Pale EP... Would have paid for the phone call... But I would have freaked out and not said anything #shy #shy
Baseless assumptions about cops on Reddit without any context?
Living here. Now my daughters biggest aspiration is to leave this place, and I can’t say I blame her.
It was hung at a very strange angle.
[NAME] would love [NAME]. [NAME] would hate [NAME].
I'm sorry to tell you this but your mate probably touches children too. That's the only logical conclusion I can come to here.
Let’s see, this house is designated Zone R3, which allows for cats, dogs, telephone answering monkeys...
the one who doesn't move except to back down any wannabe who's been talking that trash to him
Switching to GEICO could save you 15% or more on car insurance
Aww! congratulations!
He doesn't He just want to get the F*** out of there.
Dammit as a mom of boys that made me straight up tear up
I also think license should be spelled liscence btw, so don't feel bad
First chance to open reddit today, am not disappointed in this being my top post in my feed. Thanks.
Well, it did just win a golden globe, so maybe a few more people will see it because of that
heh, I remember that commercial.. Was pretty cringy
My mindset now: reopening’s fine—just do my duty, protect myself. Whether infected or not, I’ve accepted it. As for those out spreading it—hope they never escape their consequences.
I was more concerned that your comment held a frame of reference assuming it was real.
@Yannarell @LOLGOP Despite your #outrage fatigue, don't lose your shine #outrage
Any normal person, knowing Chen Shifeng came so late, would have faced her ex directly instead of letting her friend take the hit. The court’s judgment is correct, both in evidence and morality.
I go “thank you very much, come agaaain”. /s and I’m Indian
We should strip [NAME] of his Stoney badge for being so soft.
Its better to just abuse us in overt ways since we tend to be doormats
I dunno...it was used for a meme and it's very fun to look at
hey uhhhh I love you
When your friends want to go out drinking but you know you gonna have to say no because social #anxiety runs your life #anxiety
drafting doesn't guarantee position or quality...AND tanking destroys free agency and devalues all the Magic assets for transactions this summer
I’d love that luxury of time.
I can’t call anyone Daddy. Not even my Dad. It just feels weird and creepy and I’m not 4.
I don't see the weirdness there. Also, yes, him then and now could spit in my mouth and I'd be perfectly ok with it.
Not claming [NAME] would make [NAME] look more stupid lol. If someone claimed [NAME] we'd be over the moon about getting that contract off our team for next year.
I was more interested in seeing if anyone had quotes from him saying one way or another
This sub has over 350k subscribers. How are there this many of us who enjoy this torture.
And the super rich are still miserable
Underrated comment, my friend! Know that you made me genuinely laugh!
Hope he enjoys the ticket he is going to get.
Yes my man
I didnt realize belgium was behind on climate change.
Teenagers are teenagers. We dont really care about our spelling anyways. Unfortunate that everyone who corrects them gets downvoted to the underworld though
Couldn't sit through it. Was so bored. Skipped through parts and ended up feeling like I didn't miss anything anyway.
I just got murdered in madden. 🤕
What a rollercoaster
Please just shave, for the love of [NAME] lmao
r/NagafenCoD is ecstatic
UNCLE RADITZ IS PISSED!!!
Low-risk travelers must pay for centralized quarantine — 200 yuan per day. The hard-earned money that farmers usually can’t spare for hotels is now forcibly taken. Has anyone truly considered their situation?
It doesn't have to be illegal to be wrong. And really, *sit down*? lol
Oh, so it isn't a term made up by antivaxers designed to be intentionally vague? I thought you said it was.
For some people this is mindblowing, simple mind, simple pleasures
So many [NAME] killed in Hoi An. [NAME] damn do I love that exchange rate.
He's eating cheese and watching football in the sky now. Rest in peace!
Yeah that's about what I found. Not that specific page but I got into "My Profile"
I suggest that you start by not apologising before you do something harmless (e.g. the beginning of this thread)
The characters and story are really enjoyable. The dungeons are awesome. Generally decent sidequests. Fun items. Cool art style and character designs
Well in that case, i'll agree with you. I guess we can all do without scholars.
@Megannn_walsh12 @itsshelleeey never said that,Just not fair how Yous think it's completely okay to bully someone
Fam, I didn't have him kill [NAME] so I can do it next episode
Go and be around friends. Or become an INTP so you don’t have the lingering feeling to be around friends.
Yo,if you're talking about horoscopes do you really have any clue as to what you're saying or are you gonna act offended when I question it?
From what I understand it's effectively an authoritarian state right now.
@katiewhiskey_ @bradnarok candy corn is the greatest candy in the world when it comes to being objectively terrible
So much blasphemy... This place is not even [RELIGION]. You literally deny scripture to fit a Reddit agenda.
Sometimes I can't believe I've made it this far.169 days!! I threw out my demons n got #sober #clean, n started #recovery.#Sobriety is #2. #sober #clean #recovery #sobriety #2
I was scammed by an acquaintance for hundreds of thousands this year—no one tipped me! People who reward such scammers really have money to burn!
a link to the Stape article referenced in that thread, it's a good read
Lmao good luck getting forgiveness with that
I’d love it if the Star Wars license was revoked from EA and then Obsidian make another KOTOR game.
i've been rooting for him since the beginning #anxiety #BB18 #anxiety #bb18
I found it really kind.
He was admiring the tattoo on my forearm.
That's an extremely ignorant thing to say
The neighbor dancing in the Clayton Homes commercial is me. #hilarious #hilarious
[NAME] on Road Trippin' with how much fun she has with ET and gets super straight forward with anybody else.
That game was one of the craziest I’ve ever been to
@3lectric5heep Well that must sting doesn't it @CNN ?
Yes, I've had this fear. It's even worse when you *don't* say goodbye and then it's the last time you see them.
Unfortunately, the DM is [NAME].
Nah, life is too short to drive boring car colors.
Geez, we still got about an hour left lol
Your dog provided you undeniable evidence of type of person that you are, and you should be proud of that.
Vale! Vale! Sip sangria and taste tantalizing tapas @ElCidLA  's fiery flamenco nights! #MinutesFromHoM #SilverLake #LA #Flamenco #minutesfromhom #silverlake #la #flamenco
Why u watching the NFL? Your [NAME] emperor told you that’s a no-no. You dare disobey your master and lord?!?
Downvote. These slippers cute as hell.
I had to watch this 5 times before i saw it lmao
That’s a different guy but I love [NAME]
To me it seems more that you played yourself
Ur actually stupid lol.
Safe rooms and hidden passages, I hope.
Everybody seems to be lost.
Gotta pay sincere condiments for this rant... if I mustard the strength I'll ketchup to the topic.
Washington Justice!
And yet it looks like one thing you can't is read. Shame shame.
Except they miss most of those too.
Genoa likes [NAME]
I love when it drops, and the beat just stops. Feels like the musical equivalent to a cliffhanger
So funny, I just watched this one today and was struck by [NAME] in the height of his coked out glory. He is absolutely so gross.
But where?
@NBCNews @HallieJackson @KeirSimmons Seems legit. I always flinch right before I tell the truth.
It usually comes out after people catch me dissociating.
Yeah it’s the opponents club that should be scared of us! We are REAL MADRID!
I see , they don’t sell phones any more
If she's making inapropriate claims thats a problem too, Im not exactly sure what your point is?
Damn gud #premiere #LethalWeapon...#funny and  #premiere #lethalweapon #funny
Sir, you have been warned. You antagonistic attitude will not be tolerated. Please try harder at being a model citizen. Thank you for your cooperation.
I don't mind conditioning, but with my hip?
Bi people can be attracted to trans and non-binary people, too.
You’re the meme this sub jokes about.
Me too! I don't believe in likes or karma points, but I know other people care and it might be the highlight of their day.
The funny part about it our club has the hide to tell us eels fans that it was the game of the year. 🤣
Yes! He’s back LOOCH!
A walker kid hanging from a basketball hoop [NAME]: [Visible Concern]
Isn't the swastika backwards? I just love how fucking stupid racists are Can't even draw their own shit right
Why should OP be the only one making effort to work on a relationship with the mom?
I know, sorry! I didn't want to translate some parts but I thought I had to
> that hurts my enjoyment of society. Then what could you possibly mean by this?
Fuck it, maybe the faceless men worship the great other AND assassinated the fire warlocks in valyria, hwo knows?
It’s getting cold — time to dress warm. Don’t know if your house has heating, but your charm makes me want to visit.
@NigeriainfoFM #start football league, I think we should talk about the managers way of selection #start
This is the kind of relationship i want to have,a warm soothing one....
Lmao imagine thinking rubbing a smelly oil on your face will make you grieve better
Thank you! I appreciate the support
She’s not even on vacation anymore!
Unlikely, but who knows? Memory speed rarely makes a difference in gaming, but I've seen stranger things.
Who knew Mother's Day had move to Jan 25th????
i mean, at least we don't have to worry about being embarrassed that we have a small penis, I guess?
i say no or in da club if they come to damce with me i walk away
I’m an NA boy and Rival/Dig were my two favorite orgs. Glad to see at least one of them is returning.
Yeah but you’ve already told one side that you’re playing both sides
I wish I could buy them I am here in Florida gets harder each day to find them
You do eat off them in very special situations
No worries. I'll look into this for sure.
That’s very creepy and weird. Hopefully this pup was not being carted around with ulterior motives.
There's so much missing information that is hard to dissect. Did you initiate the divorce? What was the reason for the divorce?
hell yeh dude
> [NAME] X-Wing in TLJ appears to be a newer model, T-70, like [NAME]. that make it even more stupid....
I hope to love you passionately like a moth to a flame, and also warmly like a gentle stream. No matter the way, the one thing that never changes is my love for you.
Have a nice day, sir.
You look adorable. :) I love your eyes. :)
*Oblivious to double standards Haha lucky he didn't have, * must not be a Hypocrite
He’s oppressed! An innocent man is going to be killed!
Oh my God, finally a sane comment under this topic — thought I’d gone crazy! Those high-traffic accounts’ posts above — I’m speechless.
Would not be surprised tbh.
Yes. The citizen received no “direct benefit or gain”. This is being looked at like someone paying for our lunch.
why yall hyped abt that girl getting to hang out w JB, he clearly looks so unhappy and bored in the pics no offense LOL, plus he hates yall
Ok. Progress. Not only I presented more facts, I also asked some questions. Still unanswered, sadly.
HAHAHA YES MEYERS
Ate too much “hot chips”
@KennyCoble @Rosie these horrific situations will only get worse if trump is elected. vote Hillary.
Something tells me no!! Lol.
That’s awesome!
Meryn fucking Trant? Any boy whore with a sword could beat three Meryn Trants.
No credit?? This is the brilliant youtube channel You Suck At Cooking
As comic book guy from Simpson’s would say. WORST. WRITTEN CRIMELORD. EVER....
If your friend ever decides to go public with their content, make sure to let us know. We're more than happy to promote them.
Well being in the playoff picture for a couple months was fun. What does the draft look like this year?
>a water molecule spends around 600 years in Lake Superior. I guess it takes a while lol
Not sure if we can call him ginger anymore. That hairline went into a recession that'd put 2009 to shame.
When Duane Allman died, I learned to appreciate Stevie Ray Vaughan. True story.  #blues #legends #blues #legends
Three words, no subtlety. "Dude. Stop. Seriously."
The shocking thing about this all is that she seems to be British born. I'd expect this from immigrants, not those born in the UK.
It kinda makes sense. What’s the debate here?
Twas delicious friend
Because physical contact promotes bonding. Healthy relationships increase both partner's wellbeing. Routine can be frustrating. Especially when you want to try something new.
Can't stand it when lads put their middle finger up in pics
Fish are friends, not food!
Logically speaking, this can't be the worst I've ever felt and even if it was then its passing will still be a joyous occasion
Very interesting to find out about small details like this. Are there any similar problems with any of the other armor sets?
Okay, thanks Discord. ~~I hate it.~~
So you can make funny sex jokes on iFunny, obviously.
Happy birthday to your friend!
I think [NAME] does a great job! Can't believe she's 56...she looks amazing!
The cure for anxiety is an intimate relationship with Christ. - 1 John 4:18
I love how it stops just before the impact
She eats it until she throws up the first snows of the year. After that she just likes to play catch with it and roll in it.
“YOU KNOW HOW LONG IT TOOK ME TO GET THERE HUMAN?!”
Oh, didn’t catch that.
Ty! I was going crazy tryin it, canging things... i'l wait then :-)
This being your only post does not help your case
wow this seems like a huge ᴡᴀsᴛᴇ ᴏ- ᴡᴀɪᴛ ᴀ ᴍɪɴᴜᴛᴇ. ɴᴏ, ᴛʜɪs ɪs ɢᴏᴏᴅ
Dehydrated, exhausted, stressed but still blessed.
That's the longest dimple I've ever seen>
OMG, is this the one that wore white? 😳
I love your username...
Well that totally explains why we're on both ends of the spectrum lol
Lol I still reference this clip with my gf ha this dude is a legend
Yes but as he has gotten bigger and older it has gotten so much worse.
Yup, not anymore. Keep your blood sugar up! It really helps and DRINK water...
No problem. It was my fault after all. Since you seem to accept the evidence and you don't dismiss it, I guess the debate is over.
Fiend! Take a good look at this silver cross, for it will be last thing you'll see of me and [NAME]!
@sszmata @PKessel81 Blew up the Internet with his chirp. Lol. Love it.
Because everything is like a video game to them. And in real life the PvP is unbalanced!
[NAME] made that lmao
YOUR FEELINGS CHANGE LIKE THE WEATHER
Belief as Attire?
Just like in Seinfeld when the waitress called the audible after [NAME] talked about how much he likes manure.
Honestly tho. Please stop posting this. We've been seeing this shit since at least 2003 and I was born in 02 ffs
I don't see much reason for it even as a 2nd.
Thanks to all the #sober drivers. The real winners of the night! #ClemvsGT #sober #clemvsgt
oh my [NAME] is this real
I'm wearing yellow today to bring a little sunshine to this gloomy day #yourewelcome #yourewelcome
so fucking beautiful. so subtle, but so necessary.
WW2 has the best supply drops ever
So you ignored the part I was clearly responding to, though, and decided you needed to explain the other thing. That makes sense to you?
But beat the warriors Celtics and rockets. Pistons love messing with our emotions
I’m talking to your momma about it.
Ah, [NAME] and his random crap again...
I just saw it on there... pretty cheap to be such a old item... starting bid on one was a $1
yeah but like I’m highkey anxious about getting shocked and screw Apple for getting rid of the rainbow logo, it was so cool
@MCHorseFayse @bockaguyjim @generalgoodsman @nevernotdavid so you were owned by losers on Twitter
Fear of powerful women cripples all logic and invokes hysteria in seemingly normal people. For further information, see [NAME] criticism.
His smile and optimism: gone.
anyone rooting for anybody but [NAME] is my enemy for (hopefully this long!) the next month
I’m rooting so hard for [NAME]. You can do it, [NAME]!
I'm not offended. Just curious.
Been spot on so far.
Didn't she also get people killed in Japan?
You're a female? Sup girl, how you livin'?
I found a dentist (Aspen Dental) that text or email confirms every appointment and my doctors office has an app for everything from appointments to prescription refills.
Didn't Canada have more guns per capita then USA? I think I saw that in Bowling for Columbine. But [NAME] seem pretty chill about it.
She looks just like that dude from Santa Clarita Diet
I’m very sorry for the loss of your friend.
Never seen this. Thank you for sharing
I’m from Hubei, but I disagree with this approach. Most Hubei people are good — please believe that.
It's my birthday today, so thank you, I guess? I hope something nice happens to you too.
100%! Congrats on your job too!
@alisontis otherwise you're committing a crime against your soul only sober ppl know what is good or bad for themselves
AMAZING!! I can’t wait for your talking head!
Now that you live alone you don't have money left to buy a dishwasher
Me neither. It's more silly than anything else imo
Welcome <3
Where is it
Ah I love when I’m looking at a random thread and find you in the comments. Hey [NAME]!
18' \nMichael Carrick as struck the back of the net much to the delight of under pressure man u fanz and MOU...
I always loved the voice he did here.
I don't know who wrote what, but good call - the d's are completely different from one to the other.
Hopefully all of them lol. None that I know of in particular though sorry
You're right! I DO remember the refs being trash in that game as well! Thanks for the heads up!
@chasejarvis Honestly, been hearing this over and over again...it's kinda imprinted on my mind now. Thanks! ❤️✌️  #Strategy #strategy
Oh wow I genuinely thought this was funny can’t believe you copped it so hard
You just watched a commercial that blatantly explains it to you.
The NBA fan was just one year younger last year and probably had the same viewing habits, thus not impacting the results of the year over year comparison.
Went to a rave Friday night so I spent the day asleep. No regrets.
This is brilliant
That's good to know
Sorry I forgot a word! I added it back in, thanks for letting me know
It's the same couple of people. The only thing I really dislike about this subreddit is that it swings to the left too hard sometimes.
This thread is a good indicator that Canada has a ton of racists who also love Reddit.
Didn't even know it was my cake day lol. Only lasted 5 to 10 minites, wasn't too bad
I'm still worried about [NAME] though :(
I would not recommend contacting her. That would probably creep her out.
@othrcarl @IX_SW @purenift I'm sadly not, I'm just being smutty
[NAME]. Has a great bit about how negative everyone is about everything.
Her promo's alone would be a great addition to the promotion.
You are in the right here, and I support your actions
Please show me where you provided any evidence to back up your claim?
> People on the team needs to be cool. yup, totally 2016(my csgo trading days) in a straight line.
I like saying the n-word, it makes me happy
This is fantastic. Great work! [NAME] looks adorable and the little finger framing action from [NAME] is an excellent touch.
Yeah let's wrap up AS4 I'm suddenly so much more excited for S11
Calling him a criminal isn't an opinion. That's like saying "the six foot tall [NAME]." It's either true or not.
Surely a regime that would kill millions of people wouldn't *dare* tell a lie.
I was wondering if that would be spotted. It is from the movie Split. saw the image on Reddit and immediately thought of lions.
Starting to get butterflies in our tummies about tomorrow...who will win?! #nervous @IPMCOGSAwards #nervous
Scared the hell outta me.
I’m a hitman. Joke. I’m a forensic science student. Really enjoy my course, but I’m changing to biomedicine.
I've heard of Ne Obliviscaris and the Ocean. I'll check these out, thanks!
Pity because I enjoyed Max Normal.
This is the best thing I've seen so far in 2019. As a gamer and a human being this is love in video form 😊
No, they couldn’t hav- They shouldn’t have. uh...this makes me feel sick 🤕
I need this source with sound
Do you have any relatives who could support you?
Didnt know that, just saw "LG" devices and got nervous. Bummer for you though, that sucks :/
Do you not feel that there are numerous legitimate complaints about the CCP as well as quality of life in China?
Nobody’s born knowing everything. Everyone works hard. Only after effort do you see your level—some things just need talent.
Omgsh Alexis is sooooo freaking funny on #BachelorInParadise 😂 That pizza segment! Plus I love her and Jazzy's friendship!  #bachelorinparadise
Trade jv he is trash
Calling Israel evil for their policies is anti Semitism? What a joke.
Congrats on approaching the situation with logic unlike most everyone else
i really hope this is old and ironic
Then keep your hands visible and fight the ticket in court. Don’t understand how this is such a complex issue.
I am happy with North Sydney, Milson's Point or Kirribilli and happy with the 19th too!
Thank you for reminding me about how much I love the JJBA abridged series.
A little too nutty for me thx.
"one of us will be right!" Or...ya both wrong and wasted your energy being dumb asses instead of enjoying it.
Now that u mention it, its bugging me too...
I love the way they make my skin feels after I use them. I also use the primer for my makeup.
You got the true ending don't worry, you would only get the bad ending if you rat out your friends or accepted the deal
Living up to his last name.
I guess they thought the crit boost was way better than it is?
I hear the ruler's control is remote and is viewed with great reception.
[NAME] made me like a sleep walker.. I did things I didn't remember doing. Scary.
The smile on these guys face, the will and passion to explore all gone in a second. Rest in peace explorers!
lol, thank u. i might just not be the smartest, always possible
Im so serious about putting words in my mouth bitch don't add ' the ' to my sentence if I didn't say that shit on bloods
Wow dan I like being up at 4am....
would it be like Caspian’s bombs where you have to directly be hit by it?
It's punishment for endangering others purposefully. That's not a slippery slope.
SHE BETTER NOT SNITCH ON HIM HE WAS JUST LOOKING OUT FOR HER
Because this is a poorly run franchise. This is a bad team.
My parents are going to kill me when they find out.
Ah that's my school but I have yet to see this one, gotta keep swippin
if dxm is causing this problem for you, don't ever abuse oxy's or hydros... you won't piss for days 😅😅😅
@Smilejamtvj @clarkecooper @DahliaHarris looking fab today pleasing to the artistic eye! #GirlPowerTuesday #girlpowertuesday
Is that his real name? That sounds like a Russian [NAME]
I'm just always too shy
Watch "Garfunkel and Oates - The Loophole" if you haven't already
You're a bad person, but a great [NAME].
This commercial really just reminded me what scumbags Verizon are
I was assaulted by my father once too. Please don’t hate yourself, it was not your fault. It was his doing.
Ahh they're awesome aren't they?!
Many things take time to be honed—only then can dreams have more possibilities.
Son of Darkness is cool, but also Ashes of the Empire
Sooner or later you're both going to have to make some choices about your priorities.
I believe in traditional gender use in language.
Keep on auto aiming bud. One day you'll get good maybe haha.
@qdoba omg I'm so slow bc my eng is not very well and my hands are shaking uhh help meee I'm like this lil chicken now 🐥#MoreisBetter #moreisbetter
I don’t know exactly what this entails but I’m all for it man
Well he's a mod here, so he can get away with this shit.
That goes both ways, their adrenaline and determination would also be through the fucking roof.
Dude, you look fine bro. Even at 26 and still in school. You’re fine bro.
Anarchy, anarchy, I don't t know what it is, but I love it.
This is so wholesome 😭😭😭
Sadly not. [NAME] confirmed they couldn't make female premier skins for male characters and vice versa, because their hurt/hit boxes are different from one another.
As long as his other pics don't take himself too seriously, this is kind of funny
Also the joke. C=Sea Pirates sailed on the sea
What's the name of the artist that featured him? Can't remember it
Don't forget the awkward tomboys.
You had me at "fuck this winter".
@Bickley_Marotta yea because forcing 5 turnovers and holding a pretty good offense to 7 points is concerning.....oh wait. NO!!
The problem is not getting new players but keeping the current ones.
Thanks for the confirmation
The opposition need to come together, for the meanwhile, and put their differences aside and attack the real enemy, not each other.
*wrap* happy birthday
I dread the day something happens in Ireland, we've been sheltered from the most of it.
Didn’t you guys have a bowl game?
That last #madden commercial 😆😆😆😆😆😆 #TNF #madden #tnf
Liu Xin — utterly heartless and ungrateful! Retribution will come! No matter how she argues, it’s full of lies. She caused a death — that’s undeniable. Justice will prevail!
Any potential bride is warned:  The groomsmen gifts will be swords.
Excuse me who the hell is that?
I know right I was very disappointed when I saw who it was
I got into one building, but I’m planning on going back soon. pictures ^
Woof thank goddddd I changed my flair
A tshirt. I actually bought the cutest shirt that has a nasa logo on it and it says I just need some space. I love it.
Chasing thoughts and storing tension in your hands is how you distract yourself from feeling social tension and empathy. You need to allow yourself to feel these feelings.
I know, right? What an embarrassment that local news would call that thing a "tractor".
Man this sub has become so elitist and snooty.
Maybe your just a side character in your own life.
A hope inspiring article; thanks for posting! Probably best not to read the comments under it though. Neurotypicals are the worst sometimes
> it’s a low f-ing bar lbr It is indeed. But I am glad that you found a man who doesn't want anal.
My name is [NAME]. You killed my father, prepare to die.
Maybe we knew someone was going to sigh and this was all in the works. Just a thought idk. FUCK
although he is best girl, he can never love :( he litterally doesn't have a heart
I was trying to think of a better player to pick on..... couldn't lol
Not what this sub is for and this doesn't make you look like a good person but ok
You can tell it’s an Aspen tree because of the way it is.
This was a hate crime. Cut and dried.
In wake of fresh #terror threat and sounding of alert in #Mumbai, praying for safety &amp; security of everybody in the city #Maharashtra #news #terror #mumbai #maharashtra #news
Is she hot tho
If you succeed at killing yourself you can't attempt it many more times.
Lol, I love you you drunk bastard!! Now CHUG!!
For art? I think it's kind of silly, but it's also fun. Let people live :P
While that is cute-try to do critical thinking while u are reading. Prove your god exsists-let him smite me. That mighty smiter.
Shes stunning haha
@KevinHearne Oh! That actually was my first guess but... I thought he was too dark for an Irish man from BCE. Thanks for clearing it up :D
favorite athlete of all time for sure. [NAME] and [NAME] are my other 2 haha. [NAME] up there for my own sanity
That was glorious.
Hey there, Sorry to hear you were running into connectivity issues. How often do you see that error and when did it start happening for you? ^ET
Some graffiti can turn that really bad
Just make a better game looool 4Head You shouldn't worry about valve stop working on artifact, at least for a year
I'm looking forward to this way more than Captain Marvel. It's actually not even close
Fuuuuck that's rough
Piracy is going to have a massive increase in the coming years.
It's not illegal to be ungrateful. You can't force someone to take care of someone like you're wanting.
Fun fact: the guy who made Napster is now one of the main folks of Spotify.
This thread was actually inspired by one of your comments
I’m just glad to finally see something truly cringy in a while
I’m hoping I can find a stream of [NAME] doing the play by play!
Good for you- take it to the next level! Congratulations
I subbed to 2meirl4meirl back in 2016. It failed to pique my interest. Now every post feels like my life.
That was a very well put together video, entertaining and informative. [NAME] is a national treasure.
Now this is a gem.
“The failing of mistaking internet trend.” Clearly he is a grammatical genius.
its been ages since ive had shawarma my stomach is
Two or three anti depressants before I told them a lie about how I tried my moms valium and it worked
Makes no sense. What the hell are you trying to achieve ? Sound like a dumho
Yup, Telltale was good. Until 2016.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @evanhufferd  #musically #musically
A lawyer is not going to disclose anything to random users, you guys are delusional
Nice. Spotted it having a feed of quandong as well by the looks of it.
Thanks man, words give me strength
Not sensitive, just scared that a sub I enjoy will become divided and will have in-fighting.
If "everything is political" then nothing is political because it's all the same. You know what I meant by "political".
BANG! Gordon #Brown has been accused of abusing a gazillion #rabid parrots! #brown #rabid
An hour ago I was not but when I saw this comment I was in the kitchen looking at my phone lol
Same! Protect yourself as much as you can. I also clean the phone and the case :D
This is really the draw’s fault for [NAME] not having to play anyone that good until the final.
They were not [NAME] and they don't know the identity of them !
IL is working double OT now to catch up to all that retardedness. They want ammo serialized ffs.
What a sad day...1st day of Fall...I don't dislike Fall...I just LOVE Summer #FirstDayofFall #goodbyesummer #sadness #bathingsuitsforever #firstdayoffall #goodbyesummer #sadness #bathingsuitsforever
I’d love for [NAME] to turn into prime [NAME]
I'm vegan and that's a big nope from me.
Class is canceled due to a funeral. Not sure if it's appropriate to be happy or sad..
For a second I didn’t see the t in “stack.” Was wondering how you did that but nvm.
Edgey poke, but no thanks.
I don't know why he'd take it like that, he was gone for so long so someone was going to do a show like that.
Hopefully this loss rejuvenated him. Im a conor fan, and even though I like khabib as well I admire some of his older philosophies
My guess is that we will get it done at $9.1 for 8 years. Slightly high number now that will seem like a bargain in 4-5 years.
I don’t believe it is part of my credential program. I am going through the IMPACT Program of San Joaquin County Dep of Ed.
I just had an overabundance of fudge. I took several pounds to my regular dispensary and they were thrilled.
Getting ready to open the tastings at Whisky Shop Dufftown Autumn festival! #panic #murraymcdavid #whisky #drams #panic #murraymcdavid #whisky #drams
In top fields like filmmaking, Wong Jing’s 50 films can’t match one As Tears Go By or Chungking Express (though he could excel if he tried). Talent and effort aren’t opposites — effort can’t replace talent’s lead, and talent can’t override effort’s values. Overworking talent may backfire — complex topic.
Yes. I got accused of being a man or a bootlicker because I was a mod in a men's lib sub two years ago.
Interesting that the starters are out there in a blowout on the first night of a back to back, [NAME] must be trying to send a message to them
Hurts to read :(
liberals are filthy animals
I did hear that [NAME] is friends with [NAME], I think on the SC sub. This was probably like a month ago. Could be.
Yay Pip!
Just curious...
Yes, that's what I'm confused about. Playing RE5 solo.
Future MILs love LOVE love getting on Reddit though.
Because they are idiots.
No but it would be weird if you masturbated to it like I did
they are shooting everywhere. Needs to give them more pressure and contest better but beyond that not much we can do right now
It does infuriate me.
Was it the same bike on the unreleased,MISC cover?
Ok, just seemed like the original comment was saying *only* tories do it and do it because they're just evil..
i dream of making $7k
A Visa gift card is a type of Visa card, and you can return money to it just like you can with any other Visa card.
He has the maturity of a 2 year old and you are right...ugly in his soul.
The "[NAME] says it's true" line makes me think he's messing with you.
It's also ridiculously removed from reality. Dying to a disease or injury from an accident is orders of magnitude more likely than getting shot.
I agree with in general with your perspective, but as someone who loves music--new and old--I gotta say, lil pump really does suck
Only if the fights are between chimpanzees. [NAME], those things will tear you to shreds
What does Amelia want?! Sarah was v grateful  #CBB #cbb
OK, thanks.
Oh, awesome!
First it was panic-buying Lianhua Qingwen, ibuprofen, and fever medicine waiting to test positive. Now it’s montmorillonite powder waiting for diarrhea — pharmacies are sold out again. Unbelievable.
Lol. My gamer tag is the same as on here if you ever want to squad up and play man
lol Totally sounds like something that would be on tv. But you know what they say--truth is stranger than fiction.
And we know how [NAME] ended. [NAME] should run away like now.
Ah gotcha. Thanks.
Oh thats weird. It opens the google maps app installed on my phone so i dont have that problem.
Trust me man. Don't see it. It's scarring.
Brother, I am in tears, [NAME], I wish I had been there.
Oh my [NAME] I almost forgot about the hot dr pepper in a glass glass made of glass
That’s sad, although I’m aware they historically haven’t been weaned off of authoritarianism.
> This is wrong on so many levels.
This kinda looks like something shot in the style of Reno 911. Especially the bit where the cops look back and simultaneously say “Jaywalking!”
Have thought most of the game was OK with some bad calls both ways... These last 5 min tho...
A former boxing coach for the Soviet Union.
I play teemo support and nobody can stop me.
That's freedom of speech for you. We have to give even the assholes a chance to talk, because the alternatives are worse.
Sorry I have to ask your age before I yell you.
What a great training course, lots of photos, fun and laughter. Photo's will be up soon #Boostercourse #fun #laughter #boostercourse #fun #laughter
In your example, they are all equally as bad
Damn I WANT to hear this!!!
While [NAME] lighter take on [NAME] in Justice League was questionable, I enjoyed him in BvS. Excited to see who takes on the cowl next.
[NAME] these are hideous
Oh yeah, it's really dehumanizing to have respect for people's private property and not steal it from them whenever we feel like it...
FYI that ‘[NAME] quote’ is not only false but also not an [NAME] quote.
He always assumed he was hallucinating or just going crazy.
is it dangerous to take a quick photo while stopped at a red light
I just /facepalmed myself into oblivion.
Actually we win by realizing other fan bases have insane fans that are way overreacting to a blowout loss too.
@leesyatt you are a cruel, cruel man. #therewillbeblood #revenge #therewillbeblood #revenge
ITT: Hipsters. “I liked this band before they got all popular and shit.”
Yeah, this just sounds like the usual Seattle understatement.
Me too. For some reason, even the people that I know that love reading don't read Murakami. I love that lil Japanese man.
The ND vs Georgia game in Athens will be a good one.
Here puffing on the crack pipe isn’t a conservative value, kind of excludes you from this wonderful utopia you speak of.
man this gif is weird both directions
He's so handsome
Is this in response to something that you've noticed about or just a general statement?
How do people eat off paper plates when they’re not at a bbq?!
Enough already. I'm sorry that the breakup is going to be painful, but you can do much better.
My point is that [NAME] is a giant hypocrite for claiming he wants to respect party democracy while ignoring members.
Holy shit was that the one guy that supported remain? I didn't know we had a celebrity on this board.
Reading that made my stomach feel how it does when I get the wind knocked out of me.
When you're on a train as its pitch black outside and you have no idea where you are... #travel #whereami #lost #adventure #travel #whereami #lost #adventure
My opinion is that anyone smart enough would simply not work for [NAME] in the first place.
So you spectate all the people that kill you? Stop talking bullshit.
Was a great interview! Loved the segment on them asking about [NAME] and if he actually had to go to class haha.
Lol do it.. then block him again
Lmao what an end to a quarter
I added Paul Walker on Xbox but he just spends all of his time on the dashboard. #dark #humor #funny #dark #humor #funny
The fact that her pillows are brown is way more disturbing to me
Same thing with depression. It’s becoming a trend and I hate it
@essdotX the jovial and forgiving negro is always pressed upon to act against his/her self-interest in favor of the oppressor
you go, girl
@marcdeacon_ Happy Birthday Marc have a good one! Xx
Cool! My [NAME] was in the Maori Battalion, I always wonder if there’s any photos of him floating around out there.
They didnt watch everton leicester yesterday. Pretty sure everyone was still drunk
@xBladeMania 'I didn't see them???' huff.
Thank u!!! Im gonna try this one bless u
I want to pour all my tears on someone right now. So tired of this #upset  #upset
I like [NAME] because she hates America
@bt_uk appointment booked between 1-6 today, waited in all day and nobody showed up, also requested a call back and never got one #awful #awful
De nada!
Fuck off.
I take it you'll be consistent in this stance and never go to the doctor, because there's nothing you can do to stop it.
where'd ya get 'em?
We aren't a bunch of Republican puppets like you believe.
Common sence isnt that common any more
So angry I wanna cry😢😢😢
I have sleep cooties.\nI close my eyes and dream that I'm awake #weary #sleepissues #narcolepsy #weary #sleepissues #narcolepsy
I'm hopeful but going in with tempered expectations. There have been some remasters in which I was really disappointed. BioShock comes to mind.
My girlfriend barely tolerates me showering in the morning, she'd be furious if I'd let an alarm ring while I'm away. And rightfully so.
Am I the only one who finds this hilarious? Good for her!
It’s very difficult for men to have platonic friendships with women. Unfortunately it’s just part of life.
I love that! We need a "We have cookies" line for her, now!
Frozen berries are fantastic. Put a few in some heavy whipping cream in a blender with a little sweetener.
Also a lot of houses in the US might not have too many neighbours. It’s a lot more sparse out there
This is exactly why I fantasize about carrying a glass emergency hammer. This is also exactly why I shouldn’t!
Unfamiliar with **[NAME] neighbours** Still I live at least 75' from 2 very nice quiet and respectable peeps.
I love this, my wife told me about something she read on reddit yesterday and I was like.... well just like ol [NAME] here!!!
I'm already aware of a lot of things I need to fix, but Im just trying things out atm. I would appreciate any and all feedback.
What a disgusting pair of human beings, if you can even call them that
Poor cat.
I smashed my face with the box I was carrying, busted my lip and got blood all over my face, broke my glasses ( again! )
Re-educated her is more like it. I feel so bad for her. Internally she must be a mess. I suspect she will change her stance again.
That is either very bad or very good.
I would rather this crappy meme die.
She haven't tried contacting me in 2 years, i guess she lied. Congrats to me, I won the 'miss you more' game. ):
Awesome! [NAME] is stilling kicking it through the uprights!
I will defend this to the grave.
#Determine to #start putting the Word in your #heart #consistently. Every day a #line here, a line there--a tape here, a #tape there 💨 #determine #start #heart #consistently #line #tape
I like it. It reminds me of Aphex Twin but I also hear modest mouse melodies and rhythms. I'm a fan of both
Subway is the smartest option unless you have tones of stuffs to carry !
Yeah I'm in the same boat regarding DC, its hard to imagine living in many other places in the country for me at this point.
He makes my man bits tingle. Loved him in Robin Hood Men in Tights just as much.
I was flabbergasted when I saw it.
You're not [NAME]. [NAME] not Asian You seriously never noticed? Hey, hats off to you for not seeing race.
Cuck you're implying I'm vulnerable and submissive??! Hahhhaaaaaaa. You're the cuck here, the young incel loser
See i was kinda right in the first verse, thanks aha
Weird that it wasn't included in the article.
Can we not say "Team [NAME]" or "Team [NAME]" etc. That's too close to us style politics for my likes...
You're a normie in loner's clothing. If you think that most of us haven't tried all of the above already, you're sorely mistaken.
Getting ready to open the tastings at Whisky Shop Dufftown Autumn festival!  #murraymcdavid #whisky #drams #murraymcdavid #whisky #drams
Same cfn as reddit tag? I'm curious to see this.
He wasn’t hot to me but he has that attitude I find attractive af.
That guy is being intentionally obtuse. Down vote trolls are a waste of everyone's time.
@grumpy_pumper I involuntarily smile when you frown in photos. And giggle. How annoying!!
The new beserker face ruined him for me. Made him another old, wrinkly hobo.
I never said anything about that lmao
Cool. Hope they intended to clean it up but this kind human beat them to it.
@AzyraiZelo I am shy xD
She has at least 12 elbows and all of them are happy. You get it gurl
@Gsmsbooksrus @goodreads 'so shines a good deed in a weary world' Roald Dahl, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
I was walking next to the truck on one of those raised cement curb bumpers when my ankle folded in half.
I hope that's a bug because it looks downright embarrassingly bad
> **most government positions**, especially elected positions **don't have any education or skill requirements** FWIW Yea they do.
but.... but the lizards would eat the bugs....?
You’re right, 5 minutes won’t be enough, earlier could be 10 minutes. Weird how that works.
ASMR is a weird sexual fetish for incels, and dont let anyone try and convince you otherwise.
I'm French so I didn't know her, it's so cool that you have transgender politicians! I can't see it happen here.
It's happening on the Villians side, too. Someone joins, sees Dooku is taken, then quits.
Ya I sent one not too long ago.. I'll wait till my next try. Also I learned Sens a very crap selection for shot glasses.
this is my dream
Read my post bro. If the were other girl, I'd know instantly they were into me
Yep. I have a reading goal along with my weight loss goal.
[NAME] maybe next year,i didn't think she was gonna win but hope she gets in the top 30 by the end
I love my audio technica AR3BT
It didnt last long sadly
[NAME]?? C’mon, that’s a pretty good pull.
ok. thanks for the info!
Because it is.
Personally really enjoyed it. Have it in my top 3 AC games with AC2 and Black Flag in there too.
@CNN Wait, didn't she get a case of the ass when Donald Trump called it terrorism BEFORE all the facts were in?  I guess it's ok if she does
I felt a slight heat creep over my cheeks and I giggled lightly coming back to the thought that he was all mine.
I think it is more likely that you simply do not know what science is.
@smb_ryan @Kamper10 I couldn't care less about #GOTHAM. I haven't watched it since the mid point of season 1.  #gotham
This is alternative facts level populism. The man is a liar.
You’re not winning this one. Move along.
I need a bit of #GBBO to cheer me up after a terrible day! #gbbo
He sunk their house into the ground and blamed the architect and every episoode after that his beard gets a little less washed 🤔
*pat pat* they will all be fine
Probably end of February and all of March before release. I think that's what they did last year
That’s...not even close to being an accurate comparison. What point are you offering by doing this?
It tasted strange to me.
When they are near me I either scream, or my mind goes blank and I saw whatever pops into my head ( no... seriously, it's kind of sad.
Been up since 4am. Too scared to go back to sleep #nightmare — feeling scared #nightmare
take my arrow. so fucking true
Not worth the risk.
Insomniacs can't get sleep cuz they are too guilty about all the horrible shit they do. I'm a complete sociopath n sleep like a baby.
Me too, [NAME]. Me too...
Your future self is hidden in today’s efforts—with passion, even mountains and seas are conquerable, and all you see becomes scenery.
It took a surprisingly long time for this to be seen by me on this sub.
That's what we're doing. It's just on my weeks I'd have to drop them off to her to take to daycare.
If your dog is an arctic breed they will go crazy with joy and be sad that you don’t share in their happiness for the bitter cold.
We knows mumps immunity wanes; is it possible for measles immunity to do the same thing? I'm kinda scared to try Googling it too.
Welcome to The World of... Mobile MMOs. Where power can be yours, for a price.
@atheist_taco @DrJillStein :^) well cucks among her ranks agree equally about their outrage of black youths shot and harambe.
I don't think anyone deserves to be killed, no matter how terrible they are.
Crossfit houston-la homefolks as for spry proprieties regimes: AJaFUE
I agree. His parents were very supportive then. When they did a cast change, they decided to make his parents jerks!
Hate this guys videos
Go check out the Secondary Bill of Rights It's a good start for unionizing
I heard if your master gives you a piece of clothing you are set free. Has that happened for you yet?
The guy who I consider the best lover I’ve ever had, had the smallest penis.
lol Whatever that proves, sure.
I am sorry but what is a wholesome meme
So are we tanking or are we still trying for playoffs?
and i answered, sorry if you can't follow. i agree that having a pet involves (unnecessarily) having power over a small animal.
Eesh, really sorry for your loss.
It's a lot of projection. Pretty much anything they point fingers at others for, is something they're guilty of.
People you need to look up the definition of protest. What you are doing is not protesting is called vandalism.  #stop #stop
Pretty normal! I have a friend who is exactly the same :)
It's even worse when you get someone from NJ who has no clue how to drive in the city environment.
Definitely fake. Looks like bad CGI in a movie.
Are they crazy? He’s only two! Why not send him at birth then? These parents — unbelievable. So speechless...
What film is that from, looks familiar.
I've been pinched a couple times by it's tiny brothers, would not recommend holding that! Damn! It's cute tho.
Now, could you please turn the card around and show me those wacky three numbers on the back.
Yep, first hour free at long term. But if you go a SECOND over that you owe them $19.80 ! They're fucking ruthless
I've seen her somewhere before
not to be That Person™ but i get bitter seeing some ravi stans
Shame on you @SkyNews showing an elephant being hunted and killed, #shocking #shocking
Still going to keep praying and praying.
thought I was a bad driver until I went to college #relieved #relieved
Just said so casually...lol!
This has to be bait.
Women, in the modern world, know how to fight these weasels. We need many more women in positions of power.
Single best comment in the thread and puts my own feelings to words.
ugh, same. it also gave me the shakes, so I quit. so far, I've found Trintellix to be a nice compromise
Was hoping for a per bear on the other side, or maybe a running woodchipper.
#Taurus females are beautiful, sparkling jewels glowing in the moonlight. #taurus
Please be [NAME]. I like [NAME], for the record. But I'm def willing to part ways with him.
Crazy how quick people are to forget.
When he read "don lemon still has a job" as an example of racial stupidity... I fucking fell out of my chair. LMAO. Love it.
Not really if they are busy. They may not even take a break. But again if they are regularly not responding than it is probably an issue.
I love /r/LazyMan
Especially in TDM naive players should just stick to one of the good players and try not to die.
I’m guessing theyve been together for a few years and once she was no longer a teenager and it wasn’t as risqué he lost interest.
Explaining the whole thing i wouldnt have the heart to physically or mebtally hurt a person such as raping someone
I saw her, whose countenance expressed a mighty rivers were monotonous, and her lively conversation took care of the various
Great, now with these one-size-fits-all policies, people from multiple provinces might flood to big cities — can they hold that many? Wouldn’t that strain local resources and create a vicious cycle?
They're just misguided, useful idiots.
My husband and I are expecting a little boy. We will refuse to do the whole "man up" thing. No toxic masculinity here hopefully lol
Which makes no sense. [NAME] associate cheap prices with shit products (reason why Walmart was pushed out) but free shit is always just looked at as free shit.
Has there even been a time when a *good* Doxing happened? "We're going to find this guy and hug the crap outta him!"
Clearly there is only one way to solve this dilemma; COMMUNISM!
Totally irrelevant to my point
Just like demar used to do lol
Let’s learn to love our neighbors like the [NAME] learned in Rome
@tony_tr3 I'd say your outrage is the really FAUX outrage.
They could've added two dots and a line and it could have been better
@pxrfectpeach it's got her little pout
Signet Ring No. 1: I was about 13-14, stupidly shaking my hand, and it flew off, into the gutter outside Forsbergs ' house on Glover Rd..
Im all for putting rapists in jail, and honestly i dont like [NAME] politically but they tried so hard to taint an innocent man in jail and thats sad
Your nurse is an idiot and I'm sorry you dealt with that. Yes you are sterile, and talking to your doctor is a good idea.
that offense averaged 20 points a game. the same as this year and look where we are.
Callie takes attention at my tone, having probably gotten used to my mumbled thanks in response to all of the attendees who had already been by, and she places her hand protectively at the base of my spine.
Seize all his property and assets. Redistribute to homeless and single mothers/fathers. He loves food banks, let him use them.
The #Texans should never play a prime time game again...this is #awful #TNF #texans #awful #tnf
I was thinking that as well after I posted. Some nasty stuff settles on ceiling tiles.
I mean if she wants to create change has she considered changing her whole personality and just being quiet
love love love this. so happy for the both of you.
almost [NAME] can do it !!
I'd sure as hell hope their washing their hands after at least.
She’s so hot in the video damn
You sound like a great mum
Honestly, it's a part of goth style to look unnatural/alien/ethereal.
When you're accustomed to privilege equality feels like oppression.
All this theft should be reported to the school so it can go on his spermanent record
I ride our half-orc barbarian by clinging to his back. He hasn't seemed to notice yet.
Guessing the bra sizes of anime characters after having stared at them for so long... That's... an interesting hobby.
A little weird but I guess it's wholesome.
I'M MR. [NAME]! HOW DID WE GET ROPED INTO THIS?
[NAME] making moves, as much as I still miss [NAME] I'm excited to see our teams future.
O you who have believed, fear Allah and believe in His Messenger; He will [then] give you a double portion of His mercy...' (Quran 57:28)
Thank you for writing this, for letting us into your world so that we can better understand our own. I am very grateful for this gift.
That’s such a beautiful moment to find each other there and support each other even if you know you can’t have each other.
Very good comment!
That's not how any law works
I agree 😊
the fact that [NAME] still exists is somehow the strangest thing about this
It sounds like they found out that when asked if they have an allergy, people with a non-allergy food intolerance still answer yes.
Loooooool what?
Colts Offense is laughable right now
WHEN I DO BEGIN TO PEAK, ALL OF [NAME] WILL KNOW!
But that floor is so nice and shiny...
Are you surprised. He doesn’t do anything with himself
Some dancers wear even less — is that considered “borderline content”? Should everyone wear military coats to stream now?
That's a very smart move. Anyway, congrats gamer girl, this is epic!
Great cover of my favorite song. I loved watching you slowly giving into the temptation to rock out to the rhythm.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @matt.boss  #musicallyjh #musicallyjh
Oooh. Look! Big man over here!
I never said they were garbage, just that they come out too frequently.
sorry im so #bitter i just. i either want a pure ur or literally any card from the sets i like but every time i draw for the sets i like&gt; #bitter
Bipolar and talented. I am jealous. Incredibly beautiful.
That explains an awful lot about ICP.
Yes rather vague statement... but key to this situation.
I dont like to give out my number before meeting. Maybe phrase it in terms of verbal convo.. eg phone,Skype etc
im here for blood only whether it comes via hostage situation or police chase. a peaceful ending doesnt do it for me anymore
no u again
I drive semi trucks into denver. Im not there for very long typically
I disagree. Every starting receiver [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] will have over 1k yards on the season while [NAME] cracks 2k.
When the law says that being penetrated is required to be called rape, it's not just peoples' belief, it's literally systematic.
I can't imagine why anyone would hate this. It's beautiful.
Hey buddy might wanna take it easy!
I recognize this YouTube channel... They make beautiful furniture. This has to be at customer request. I have no idea how to explain it otherwise.
I would assume that it would be sexually frustrating for the woman.
@AlisonMoyet Knock, knock!\nWho's there?\nA guard\nA guard who?\n...do, do, push pineapple, shake a tree...\n\nI'll shut up now.
Okay, I'll try to find one. Sorry about that.
I used to have no problems finding them, but I’m struggling really hard now
It's just bizarre you would criticize [NAME] on his development capabilities when he's not a developer... His specialties are centered around crypto philosophy
I like it. But I'm not the most fashionable fella out here.
"Hey, Mr. [NAME], what chu gonna do, what chu gonna do make our dreams come true? "
It's disturbing that you even have to ask that.
I quickly look behind the trees and the other 'moon' is gone.
No. Why? Weird question. Unfortunately, the CCP would be suppressing me if I were. Better than ending up in a Xinjiang concentration camp though.
Today is the first time any math professor let us live early before the class time !!! #15 min #feelsgood #happy #wednesday # #15 #feelsgood #happy #wednesday
Imagine being the assassin who could boast that he killed a president with a shot to the genitals.
Oh you're referencing my reply to another comment? I was mad at low effort comments and people who can't comprehend a simple point.
are there any unique foods to houston? thanks!
I was JUST thinking about how much I enjoyed Swalla la laaaa last night too!
#World do you know what the difference is between #drunk and #sober? One word. #Coherence. #world #drunk #sober #coherence
How did Ryan Murphy create both #AHS and #glee \nSo different #ahs #glee
except that he can't, he already played a South American U20 with Argentina which cap ties him.
I'm sorry that I pay for music now to support these small artists. I know I'm a monster but I will try to be better.
Not sure to downvote because genuine and encouraging or to upvote because sarcastic and hateful.
I find it unfortunate that you use gender-non-conformance as an insult.
Didn't know about him being a teacher. Camp Bucca doesn't mean much though. Plenty of foreign fighters ended up in those type of camps.
@crumpledlinen he chirp
@mik61scot @longshankseddie @ROSAZAMBONINI @YouTube I thought it was because she once sunk her teeth into something that's meant 2b sooked
Yo I love that game too it’s great
No! Your the dumbass for leaving the keys in the car! Again DUMBASS!!!!!
@SouthernRailUK delays from Streatham Cmn to Clap Junc &amp; now train took 20 mins for 9 mins journey. Missed 2 trains to Reading
Well said, being alone is a stronger feeling than love!
@CovinoandRich just heard back2back,  guess that's why they call it the blues &amp; she's got the look, but I can only sing tickle sacks version
After #terror our leaders say, 'Don't jump to conclusions,' but [in matters of #racial unrest], they are silent. Why is that? @greggutfeld #terror #racial
Destroyed healthcare you mean? We have to pass it to know what’s in it. 🤣 what a dumbass.
That's definitely way over the top. He's not anywhere near that bad.
Much appreciated comrade!
My daughter loves this! She's taking a bath rn singing "fiire"
I've only seen the beginning of this video...until today.
Oh I’m sorry. I assumed. I think that would be suspicious if your username was known to someone else.
We worship at Your feet\nWhere wrath and mercy meet\nAnd a guilty world is washed\nBy love's pure stream\n—Graham Kendrick
Maybe one day we will be able to see that process. I wish. I love my pets so much 😍
When we have tens of millions starving or dying of thirst, at least you will still have the moral 'high ground'.
Such a *great* feeling
One can only dream about having such a good team one day again. Now we have Sansores y Vilchis no mames haha.
One day not only did they have one, but it was old, yellowed, an a little dusty.
i don't usually 'wall of text' posts but i'm glad i made your post an exception. thank you, it brought tears to my eyes.
Are you saying you did not expect those bananas?
@kole_holland don't fret, there's another game on at 8 #staytuned #staytuned
I am sorry that you are experiencing such deep suffering and such pain. You matter in this world, and we would all be diminished without you.
Seriously? Where the fuck did that sink come from?
Baby what is you doing.
looks unreal, like it's a toy or something.
Legend! Cheers bro
Maybe a relationship where you don't live together would suit him better. Some people feel suffocated when they are with their partner for long stretches of time.
Grey’s Anatomy is still on the air? I thought it was cancelled years ago.
I like your baby😍
I'm at a fighting game tournament and loving every minute of it.
A new mattress if you can swing it. Company provided mattresses are typically pretty garbage.
she has a lot of lore, read the comics. and yes she's the best designed character from MKX along with [NAME] and maybe kotal
Unfortunately this one did not end the same way ours ended.
False equivalence in the sense property rights aren't enforced but more accurately defended.
this is my favorite scene from girl with the dragon tattoo
Coworker: 'That happened to a friend of mine once, but with guns instead of babies.' #workplace #hilarity #workplace #hilarity
Oh sorry, i thought you were having a dig at him lol.
Can't help that the president hangs out with the bottom of the barrel.
I remember when Rooney wanted to leave United and the fans threaten to kill the man and bare junk... wanna regretting that now? 😂😂
LOL where did you hear that?!
Never heard of anything other than brain freeze. Are the cheese heads moving south?
Another picture of [NAME] please thanks
Haven’t watched much of his other stuff but I loved his debunking of [NAME].
You can assume he means in the 5 man at least in terms of how the matchup takes place.
That's the funniest mental image I've had in a very long time!
There was a thread about a month ago:
😂 Dude, ok your cool now
I was Isla Vista, beautiful and terrible place
To be fair, [NAME] is an amazing broadcaster.
Hahah is that what we call them here? Breeders? I'm not trying to be condescending that's just hilarious.
I hope your gaydar has leveled up enough to filter these out now
So happy to see [NAME] regaining his form... we had to sacrifice [NAME] for it, but i’m okay with that...
Back to my dear old pals at the walk-in clinic to get a prescription for better eyedrops.Oh, and my throat hurts like hell again.
We're well past the demoralization phase. You're 20 years too late. The left has morphed into something unrecognizable now :(
You have no idea how high I can fly.
you sound pretty TRIGGERED bro hahaha
Best! Episode! Ever! There is like a joke every 20 seconds.
What's uffda
Besides the fact that they're alcohol bottles they're really quite pretty. Gives an antique perfume bottle look.
Literally. > i also dont know if i should post that here Because it's wrong? Nah, you're in the right place.
Totally agree, except I usually (this occasion included) lack the pity haha.
Honesty!! Rare
It’s cheaper to track her phone.
I watched that game while coming down from a shrooms trip. [NAME] was magic. Still wear his jersey to shinny :D
rose incense are the best thing I've ever bought
New Houston foodies here that make Youtube videos on food primarily on Houston spots. Would love some honest feedback!
@thetroche94 @ramiro_cedeno yeah if you want to become obese it is! 😅 I can afford it so I don't think it's that serious haha
Dyscalculia. It's not that uncommon, especially in people with ADHD.
I mean I typically do both in the car so there's that
Literally the reason he was discribed as the "king of parries".
Oh I don’t think so
My husband was cracking when I looted [NAME]. Dude kept $100 in his pocket just to go to the bathroom
It's gonna be somewhere between 25-30 overall, who cares
You really should not group people with ones you have had bad experiences it will not help you grow
Because deep down you know that you really don’t know what you’re talking about. Be grateful someone told you.
How desperate must one be — suing her even after six years? What’s she thinking all these years, never admitting fault — truly heartless!
thanks for this
Idk but try r/bathswithdoors first for advice
Afro samurai lol, that's pretty interesting never new they actually existed. I'm woman though so that wouldn't work for me
dread pitt
If you were the OP this would matter.
The transit will be rapid until it, too, becomes bogged down by stops on every other block.
I hate you.
Less hours, means they are making less money.
Wow he is... ugly.
I agree that you think that. Not sure myself.
Oh yes! You're great.
that is the most obnoxious chant ever the chiefs do it too
Maybe you’re not bringing as much to the table as you thought
*She. This was posted by a woman, apparently. Its just as disgusting either way though.
At the very least, I’m glad he tried something other than the standard blue. And yeah, I think the title is above-average as well.
i don’t need to see more good parents don’t treat their kids this way and bad parents will try to justify damaging behavior
Thank you! And may [NAME] shine His love upon you!
Pilots omg... you are not alone there!
Her are a few things that went through my head.
That actually doesn't make any sense considering many college students work outside of school.
Nobody, thinks desi is offensive. Source : I am Indian.
[NAME] may lie but he doesn’t when it comes to important things apparently. Jobs, security and anti war
Women are more neurotic.
Support Sun Yang! Such an outstanding athlete—pride of the nation! Support him defending his rights! There’s no absolute in this world—stay strong, fairness will come.
That’s the hardest part for some to get over, but hobbies help and getting yourself up and out of the house and spending time with friends
It's a grey area, my grand dad on my mum's side is a devout [NAME] and he listens to music and performed when he was younger.
This is amazing.
Oh shit, as a matter of fact my knees are now weak
Fuck being shy, I'm trying to be up in them thighs.
And then you got a little vacation from work too! :D
Same at my office. Just sitting and waiting until DC tells us what to do
Welcome to CTH where everyone pretends that socialism will work, next time.
LN is flawed by design and BTCs limited on-chain capacity cannot carry mainstream LN onboarding.
Hope the horses are ok
Putting your finger and a loose cloth inside the 3 jaw chuck to polish the inside is insanely dangerous
Wich stinks for you
Funny that you name her when shes one of the only judges that uses her brain and ethics to make decisions.
This tweet birthed the thread that birthed the legendary “I won best burlesque of the year 2018”. Bless.
@RossKemp great programme tonight  #upsetting #extremeworld #upsetting #extremeworld
@followAdamA looking back on recent tweets seen, this one right here is great #perfect  #Speechless #deal #perfect #speechless #deal
Yes [NAME] are authoritarian. That’s why they’re always the ones advocating for bigger government and more government control over everything.
Pretty sure he was being facetious guy
@sardesairajdeep @narendramodi. U seem 2 b more happy abt the dvlpt Nything dat fails for Modi make u elated even @the cost of de country?
#soywax limited edition horror candles going up @scentedscreams! Follow us for all the latest news!!  #soywax
I’m still sorry you had to go through that. I’m sorry anybody has to experience fear on a daily basis.
Why a puerto Rican with Taino hair and a black nose gotta ruffle your targeted feathers?
BNW is scarily accurate if you ask me.
Did you buy a new saddle as well. Also need to go to settings and set as default or make it active.
A 31 one year old woman hitting on a 21 year man is just as grossm
Good luck! Hockey season still has a few months to go. Might wanna invest in a punching bag. Two birds with one stone
Thank you! Some of the phone pictures I see taken through telescopes are pretty cool, it is amazing to see how well that method works...sometimes...
Dae anime was a mistake UPDOOTS TO THE LEFT!
His team is chasing away any hope at a playoff berth
People really spend more than $10 in an app game? I mean an actual video game I can understand but that's just...sad
Except [NAME] still went with the happy ending instead of ending it at the Aningaaq scene.
I don't remember this happening
The third was fun with the [NAME] & [NAME] banter, but my vote still goes to S1 for being mostly faithful.
Hard to believe we scored like 8 points through the first 6 minutes.
Oh, it’s actually its own thing. I heard goo and just assumed the worst.
The next time I go to Lagos I will gate crash somebody's owambe dressed in lace and gele to eat amala and shake my waist😑
Oh, I would refuse to do anything really nasty, with profanity or violence.
This is amazing news for the Giants. If either of these guys are available at 6 they should literally sprint to the podium.
Thanks boss. Finally got a sibling for the Glock!
Living in a big house in a small county — such a peaceful, dream life. Hope I can have that one day too.
I love how he misses that last punch when he goes down lol. Like, thats when the liver shot really sunk in
Its an mlm in disguise, branded to appeal to the college demographic. I got the fuck out
Dropping the Scud on the enemy is always good revenge
How old are you? Do you get free housing and healthcare?
good luck! I wish you the best <33
Hey you need that fifth DPS player that just keeps feeding or that bastion on attack.
Found the guy who has no idea what's going on! Downvote me all you want, you'll never take my memes!
Like protesting for higher minimum wages and better benefits for worker? Yeah, we protest for the opposite in Canada.
Fascism = National Socialism Which is another reason why both Nationalism and Socialism are bad. [NAME] use some of their ideas!!!!!
All-in-all I had a great time, my back didn't kill me, and I felt great after the game was over.
Please stop trying to stir up trouble, okay? The innocent will be innocent. Every time you make him sound complicated, he is the one who gets scolded.
I love to watch [NAME] play tbh
The bears still suck. The bears still suck. They really really really really really suck. The bears.... still.... suck
He looks like he was crying already about something and hes reacting to realizing hes on camera crying probably not his proudest moment
Oh no! We better stop now...before someone's feelings get hurt!
I think men take pockets for granted, once you're without pockets you'll understand the pain.
Can anyone just crowdfund away legal responsibility? Any lawyer to explain? How do we handle such scoundrels next time?
I don't think I've ever seen that flag flying in this city, we mostly just have the provincial flag and the Canada flag
@Singaholic121 Good morning, love! Happy first day of fall. Let's make some awesome #autumnmemories #annabailey #laughter #smile #autumnmemories #annabailey #laughter #smile
A dangerous and oppressive social construct.
lmao no. *assigned* female. Doctors can be wrong, especially wrt intersex children. The rest is just words to say things, not actually responding to anything.
ah dang sorry. in that case idk.
SONNY-TATER!!
the knock off names are super cringey but i love looking for them
I didn’t know it was that serious 😪
If you grow your beard and mustache just long enough, you never know who's hair it is in the your mouth anyway
I really want to know what restaurant this is. I'm picturing Fino for some reason.
I actually really like this, and unironically find it funny. Forgive me.
My house isnt always a mess but when it is, its when i have friends coming #mess #serious #twitter #problem #like #friends #filthy #home #mess #serious #twitter #problem #like #friends #filthy #home
If you went through the campaign, idk what needs to be explained 😂
[NAME] just has the runs. Don't worry, [NAME] is lacing up to replace him
I had to buy all your music after seeing that vid. Amazing work.
Just wanna say I love you and hope the flight and everything thing else goes well👌👌.
Even though [NAME] has had so many drawbacks and made some mistakes, let's make one thing clear: it's NOT a time to trade him.
Surprised Colorado ain’t got one the way things have been going here past couple years
Are you new to drag race skits?
This woman is “allergic” to [NAME]. [NAME] motherloving [NAME]! [NAME]!
There is no enemy. Only knowledge that there is an invisible social hierarchy and we aint on it, let alone at the top.
That would expand his torso and ribs which probably hurts
see, i'm over here thinking "i hate sports" now if you could just take my balls and go home
I'm active here and hadn't seen it posted before, wasn't on purpose but maybe it means i'm not alone
Knowing [NAME] he’d probably give [NAME] up for a 5th rounder smh
Correct but Reddit won't admit that as the reason.
Woah nice. Did you enjoy it or was it a completionist pain? I wish I could get into [NAME] but I just dont find the fun.
It would be funny if that guy got hit with a car at the end tho.
Too cute for me. Why cant i have a boyfriend *[NAME]*
Thanks so much for taking the initiative to do this! Not all heroes wear capes :)
It’s time for mango dream to come true. We need to spirit bomb him at the last second.
I wanna see [NAME] get in [NAME] face like this
But realistically if you’re expecting fine dining at any airport you’re probably kidding yourself. Sustenance without food poisoning is about the best you can hope for.
Do you know what caused the relapse? Identify the cause of failure so you won't repeat the same mistake.
You are terrible developers.
Ive learnt that a #smile and good #morning goes a long way, and saying #thankyou goes even further.  #quote #retweet #inspire #smile #morning #thankyou #quote #retweet #inspire
might be two people on their phone. I'm guessing they had a green light at the time.
I used to. It's been a while though.
This would just be to make it on/off, [why make it look even more amazing.
@OccasionalGod isn't that the reason horror is popular? the exhilaration that comes from discomfort is enjoyable -- watch The Green Room :D
‘Twas not MRSA, just ick, apparently.
I'm not even a WWE fan is the thing. I've never once in my life watched it
Fuck it; just marry everyone
that's so sweet
internally down-voting for the sarcasm!
You'll be fine.
Every dancers dream song #snap #worldpower #snap #worldpower
“I’ll never have a playoff mandate” go fuck yourself [NAME]
horse meat is fucking peng i love it. why is it ok for a cow to be slaughtered for food but not a horse? ridiculous double standards
Our building endured over 20 days, now they say there’s a positive case and locked us down again. I’m furious—want to curse, hit, even kill—but there’s nowhere to vent it.
i think u mean symfuhny lol
Not a point I’m trying to make. 👍
The last two years have made me see why [NAME] do what they do.
I feel uncomfortable how we didn’t see him resurface...
You're not a good person if you make the person that just let you inside their body feel bad and disrespected.
This is a very long story about nothing
He only has 1 cap in a friendly but that's fine. Just can't play in a competitive international match.
There’s never truly peace — only those carrying burdens for us. Heroes’ light passes on; all touched by it become light themselves.
when my egg cracked I went through like every teen girl phase in the space of 2 months lol
I'm a girl and got the belt for doing something similar with another girl.
FWIW I had a terrible series of experiences at CFA and would never recommend anyone with anxiety go there.
I would say ask him. Don't read into things too much. Just enjoy. You'll never know if you don't ask.
I have pretty bad anxiety and have recently adopted two kittens. I definitely feel less anxious when I'm around them as they are such sweet animals.
She want to take it slow, I can see that... I deal with those girls all the time, they my favorite
Has anyone actually read the terms of service. I haven’t...😔 Is this a valid reason to break the contract I signed?
I thought this was about [NAME] from Melbourne bc of the flair, until I started reading it.
Yep. I’ve done a couple shoots at Hornsby small bore and one clay pidgeon day at Lucas Heights.
By far my favorite STP song and one of my all-time favorite songs in general. Love this song.
Sorry I am foreign, and might have come across wrong. Anyways it has to happen at some stage?
@officialShaky 'Operation Echoes' is gathering momentum ... #tense #nervous #feelsick #excited #tense #nervous #feelsick #excited
Please refrain from attacking character instead of content. Please take a moment to read our sidebar. Further similar comments will result in a ban.
What weird preschool is this? My son begs daily to go; I keep saying “closed today.” At this rate I’ll go bankrupt!
Hahaha this is gold
Does taking a small jab at [NAME] shrek 2 mean something has to be wrong with me? What a fragile world you must live in...
Real talk, that's why I never tested that post... Figured best case scenario it works but your account gets flagged for something
Are we in agreement that this would be out of bounds if true?
Don't be angry. Encountering toxic people in online games is common and you won't change that. Try playing single-player or games with more sophisticated community
Watched tna for the first time in a long time what the hell happened to the #hardyboys #impactonpop #wwe  #hardyboys #impactonpop #wwe
I have no idea what you're talking about, I'm in the UK we have a different class system !
Haha Nice. I finished paying [NAME] back about a year ago. Great feeling! Congrats.
Good thing I don't give a shit.
I kept reading and apparently he was able to pull out 10k to his bank account, so he currently has doubled his money
I do this but that's because I miss a lot on first watch and my Bf doesn't.
I always just say “thank you” because it’s a nice thought 🤷‍♀️
No. Just no.
I apologise, I'm a bit hot headed at times, especially on this account.
"Don't eat pork! Not even with a fork!"
Most likely they're making their money from the monthly fee. So they don't care when you cancel.
So similar to Park Tae-hwan’s case. Didn’t I say one ruined career wasn’t enough? Because he’s Chinese, Asian — injustice never ends. Hope for a fair outcome 🙏🙏🙏
Our games against San Fran always seem to have amazing finishes
this is fucking beautiful coaching not sure what combination of our coaching and defensive coordinators cooked up this scheme but [NAME] this is basketball porn
Tonight's attempt at installing gib on ceiling ended with me in tears, damaged gib and still 2/3 of the ceiling left to go. FML.
My best friend missed the play using the restroom too. He thought there was a halftime-like break between the 4th and OT.
YOU'RE CORRECT AND YET THEY ARE CORRECT ALSO
I love [NAME], but man I wish I knew what [NAME] would have been like here.
I remember being three years old and feeling mortified and frustrated that my preschool teacher and classmates were freely dancing to ridiculous music.
women dont seem to think so.
That's quite an arrangement
Not sure, what organization? How deep are you certified for? Most shops are PADI, but you can cross over easily.
I lost a six pack this way once. For a good year every traffic stop became a field sobriety test.
Hence what I said, it is just as illegal yesterday as it is today ... literally nothing changed
I've actually taken this opportunity to get back into making YouTube videos.
Getting fired would make me leave im sure.
Don't wanna go to work but I want the money #sad #sad
What an amazing comment!This really resonates with me! Thanks for writing.
I feel the exact same way. It makes me so insecure
The Zika #Hoax Files: DEET is part of a binary chemical weapon targeting your brain: #Toxin #fear #neurological #USCitizens #Insect #mammal #hoax #toxin #fear #neurological #uscitizens #insect #mammal
> ftw Awesome statistic. Made my day! Love it
I might not pay for my own health insurance but I do like sparkling water and Brussels sprouts now so I think I'm an adult
I am so looking forward to in 5 years when people will be linking screenshot of all the hate on the frontpage these days and laughing about those heathens.
Thank you .. I wish I was religious.. I admire religion... My mind just doesn't want to believe..
Besides [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME], he was the most skilled LoA member.
Nobody claims that 20th century socialism was a utopia. Please remember your own comment before replying.
I’m sorry. He’s in a better place. I hope you can keep the good memories
Haha okay. Much love brother!
Not a great start but good comeback from the boys to earn a point. Bring on Saturday #blues #blues
Yes indeed, the “just a joke, bro” ship sailed long ago.
I have but she wont listen.
Our hands outstretched for the most amazing high five of my life.
[NAME] blew it by putting [NAME] on the WS roster. He was horrible, and he hadn't pitched in weeks.
I wanna know about the sky being LCD! You ever hear the one about the [NAME] faking the return of [NAME]?
EMAO fats (Eat my ass off)
Thank you - that strikes me as the basics of what's going on here.
The dream ended with me riding my friendly pterodactyl through the skies, my hands stretched out to touch the clouds, laughing at the wind-and catching a whiff of my own foul breath blown back into my face.
Neither are those 6 other pairs that I am wearing!!!
Ooh! I quite like the swimming pool of makeup as well.
What's the most important thing you need to accomplish today? #onlinemarketing #solopreneur #start up #success #onlinemarketing #solopreneur #start #success
Oh well... I'll like both of you.
Because [NAME] was definitely pregnant with both a boy and a girl when he got on. Yup.
Good looking calamari.
Or if you've hit the menopause. I guess sex amongst old people is an abomination too
Seriously? I have to work Monday. I can’t be thinking like that over the weekend.
Hardship is like a plum blossom in the snow — the colder it gets, the more it blooms. — Sanmao
Nope I’m not exposing my kinks to Reddit 😂
Time leaves no trace, youth fades, but dreams endure! Keep striving, live boldly, be a competitor in life, a dreamer of the age!
Got damn you must have been doing zans for a min 😂
I agree it’s disrespectful to so blatantly disregard her parents wishes but yes, otherwise too uptight.
Reality i could force people to have sex with me Im 14 btw
We did it, finally?! Idk weird timing.
I look fine af 😜 and yourself?
I got a full bottle of Vicodin for pain, and a soft cast on my wrist.
SJW's I've encountered were far more trivial and spiteful in general.
as a kpop stan and a army, i am very disappointed
Because nothing he says was remotely sexist? Sure it could have escalated but what he said was pretty tame.
Maybe trust biology and basic science instead of some dumbass who is just writing about gender cuz its 2018 and people are morons
Idk about you but I love crispy vagina
Do you know why dinosaurs went extinct? Because their forearms were too short to applaud your beauty.
gotta love some Detroit Sports
Haha thanks, I'm not cool at all but that comment made my day! Genuinely made me smile. <3
I wasn't saying it was. But it's the most likely explanation of why a youtuber would want to pretend they have one.
Man, what a fool. All you gotta do is if(on_earth) fireRocket(); I'll be taking my 7 figure salary now.
Whales have excellent hearing. I couldn't imagine how it is hearing loud ass sonar.
Not unexpected this election was gonna be a brawl between him and [NAME] from the start.
@comcast you charge 150 extra for sending someone out and your cable service still doesn't work. That's robbery. #cable  #service #cable #service
Even silk is something that will chafe the fuck out of your sensitive parts.
Made me laugh, tbh.
Obama admin rejects Texas plan to have refugees vetted for terrorism so Texas pulls of of fed refugee resettlement program. Aiding #terror. #terror
@TeaPartyOrg Hes right when the Civil war starts it will be wall to wall terrorism and i don't fancy the Muzzy's chances
[NAME] learning how to finish inside. I love it
I AM A LIBTAD LOL
omg what a nightmare, I feel for you 😞 is there any way you could order it online?
There isn’t a perk tree for strategy. Either illusion or maybe pickpocket... or sneak.
You should hire male models with well-trained chests and glutes — know your target audience!
If you want others to be #happy, practice #compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.' Dalai Lama #happy #compassion
Don't worry, no one ever will
Can't fire everyone if everyone is on strike.
Maybe they'll change their mind one day! That sounds good, I'll give it a go some time!
I mourn for you anti-intellectuals
Yeah.. like 30ish BBs deep I don’t think about it twice, just re-jam and be a sad boy. But we are so fucking deep...
I'm actually surprised none of his wives have stabbed him in his sleep already. Now he has secret service protection 😋
He's not even HC, he's interim... relax chief
There is nothing this Government could cut that wouldn't upset someone. Sorry, but weez broke.
I feel bad for them now, but if they ever get good I’ll hate them like the rest.
It's not his job to train you.
That just sounds like a show that would piss me off tbh
what does gl even stand for can't find it while searching gl mmorpg
[NAME] eyebrows look terrible. That’s really my only takeaway from this picture.
Hmm, I didn't notice that change ... will pay attention ..
that was such a misstep from their PR. wtf were they thinking people were expecting with a public countdown
The NPR interview was linked in the article. She used the term skin texture. I knew what she meant.
How dare they ask me to be a good person! I'll show em!
I shook a hand that shook his hand once
Day 2 Feels good, man!
[NAME] or [NAME] could be a good trade piece. We don't have to solve every problem in free agency
This guy is one of the best role models for [NAME]
Prove what point? That you don’t know how to read? I’m confused.
I'm just reminding everyone. you're not helping the situation by being pedantic
Im sure shell last 5 min
Lucky for me the yellow ones are my favourite
He’s such a thumb!!!
Thank [NAME] someone else though so!
If you're in luck, she might be waiting to be independent and find you but the chances are very slim.
I love this reply.
Vegetarian, liked animals too. Lets just ignore that stuff about the [NAME], I sure he does not really mean it.
Stupid play.
You're easily as classist as her.
I was about to say the same lol.
Pretty sure this is how she'll learn to scream, "Mom! MOM! MOMMY! MOM!"
Even death is unreliable. Instead of zero it may be some ghastly hallucination, such as the square root of minus one.  Samuel Beckett
That looks like a fun group
nearly choked on my chicken breast
This is awesome. Makes it feel like a community rather than just a forum.
But why tho
Me too, whenever my friends get with people I dont feel happy for them. I just feel envy and rage.
Such an ignorant comment, his reasoning is public information and is right
It takes her a week to decide? I highly doubt it. If she was interested she would've agreed immediately.
What will you gain from it
that's so wholesome 💜
^ [NAME] idiot squealing
@wholegrainne Sweden win + Finland win, or NA win + Finland win, NA win + Russia win + timebreakers shake down right
*Some restrictions may apply. Not valid in the United States. Void where prohibited.
This was amazing
Nicknames like that get me all hot and bothered.
It’s like you didn’t even read the comment you’re responding to.
That is extremely uncomfortable to look at.
I loved this look and it was good but this comment..
Awesome! I'll see it ASAP. When work won't be this hectic. 😊
[NAME] looks like a guy who owns a number of body pillows and anime figures.
I am so terribly sorry you lost your dad to this horrendous disease. Judging by this photo, he had a terrific smile.
This has always been a thing in assassin creed be friends with civilians or they will own u
[NAME] was the only one I actually liked, besides [NAME].
@WeAreElektron sadly #digitakt seems to be out of stock all over Europe. Do you know  if any European online store that has it? #digitakt
Thanks,keep us posted if you will please.
If she loves the place she’s at why leave? There’s something to be said for that. Idk your all’s financial situation tho
@markhberman2003 @LanceZierlein @790blessing entire team from coaches on down played and coached scared from jumpstreet. #intimidated #intimidated
No pessimist ever discovered the secret of the stars,or sailed to an uncharted land,or opened a new doorway for the human spirit.-H.Keller
This person is going to be very surprised to learn how many college campuses require you to have UTD vaccinations...
Nah I'm good thanks, I still got Netflix and the Pirate Bay
The economy is heavily controlled and subsidized by the government. In any case, I was poking at the lack of nuance in US politics today
I like [NAME] Colombian. Suspiciously cheap though.
That's so refreshing. Thanks a lot!
No way would I give up Albies even in a 1 for 1 scenario.
Looks delicious.
Ok. But you claimed it was NEM and now you think it's neither after being fact checked.
Thank you for at least doing something good sir.
My @timehop literally cracks me up when I see posts from 2 years ago and later 😂
take care!! <3
Lol oops what season are you in so I will know what not to spoil 🤪
Agree completely except that I would switch [NAME] and [NAME]
im so tired but i still have thisbhuge history test in a few minutes i cant afford to get freaked out now oh god if i have an anxiety attack
oh damn that’s a pretty good idea!! thanks!! :)
That thing was there.
People are barbaric even though they are peaceful? You’re not making any sense.
My pleasure. It pays the bills.
@brawl2099 See your primary care doctor. They can prescribe meds and refer you to a psychiatrist for eval. Don't mess with depression.
Yes for sure! Please let me know how your job venture goes! :) would love to hear your experience.
@SilkInSide @TommyJoeRatliff that's so pretty! I love the sky in the background and the purple highlights with the dull colors is great
Sorry, should've mentioned...
I wanted to know if there’s was another like meaning to the whole selfie thing not if she liked me or not
There are far better thinkers. As one critic put it, "[NAME] either says something new but not true or true but not new."
I love it when people have a background in STEM and the arts and manage to pursue both!
Ah St.Tiernan's up to no good as usual.
She really tried to make sure it seemed i was at fault too. Now i'm thinking that she just wanted a way out/wanted a scapegoat
I found myself not caring about any characters or the story. The only thing driving me was the fun gameplay
ITS HAPPENING!!!!!
Even a house under 10,000 per square meter still leaves ordinary people with lifelong debt! Easy to talk when you don’t have to pay!
I found that when I changed my thoughts, it changed my heart.
@greencapt there's something to note in the fact that the mask manufacturer produced her smiling and him frowning.
House Freedom Caucus strikes again. Thank god we took back the House and don’t have to deal with them paralyzing government again.
"Oceans" by Hillsong United. Song gave me a migraine then and still does now.
Not a fan of Hot Space. I like one song on there and that's Under Pressure.
Imagine being that much of a useless parasite
Bless them!
That's what I heard coming into this game, people were saying if they don't handle gobert, game over
Probably because the person who sent the email doesn't know exactly what they do other than report it to the feds
I never think someone is sincere when they say why “would I care if I’m being lied to” constantly?
Wha???
Its kinda odd,how theres always kinda a war between "Party music" and "Feelings Music"
I’m sure someone in the lions thread already posted something similar. They love shitposts haha.
Just tell her how you feel and make the next move
Lol so petty, I kinda love it. I probably wouldn’t actually do that but it’s tempting.
@nigeriaLNG @TonyAttah #lestweforget 3 yrs on, 2013 Graduate Trainee recruitment not concluded. #disappointed #weary however  #wewait #lestweforget #disappointed #weary #wewait
The comments in there are so nonchalant I can’t help but laugh
Done. Thanks!
I love his calls even when things get "pear-shaped"
@thatradiogeek That is a tremendous thing to wake up to and read, man. Glad to hear it, as we need WAY more people helping with this.
No I didn't take it that way. My apologies if my comment appeared to be taking a shot at you.
Thank you my friend
Your opinion = fact, other opinions = hurt feelings. Gotcha lol
Hey bud, I’d honestly try to complain a little less and I promise you’ll slowly become a happier person
Money can't buy me happiness...
> your character is so yuck Thank you, for confirming my suspicions of who/what you are.
That's amazing! Did you have a zoom on the drone, or is the post effect?
He never said that, but he always bit me!
Muh goodboy in the background is waddling forward to her to save us from this
Waaa! I miss holidays spent with Auntie Yang’s new books! Once Shanghai reopens, I’m buying more!
As a Florida girl I have no clue how you all have not died. I could never live there.
It’s certainly a cute concept.
The lies of this evangelical “[RELIGION]” woman are simply staggering. What a wonderful example she is for her children.
He ended up skidding down the bark and scraping raw the insides of his thighs.
Finally, a real "murderedbywords" than the constant string of silly roasts.
Well no dur
Anything other than harassing motorists or worse, pretty simple.
I hope mcd's charged extra for the sauce.
Wow that’s scary, she’s so young and healthy. I hate that.
Great, petty revenge instead of making your GF happy by removing [NAME] from her life, nice job!
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them
Keep yourself occupied go play videogames or something that really occupies your attention
I really only do this after a while if awkward silence, which may make it even more awkward tbh
I just mentioned it to another poster but we have reached Poe's Law where I actually don't know if they are being satirical or not.
Technically isn't the Harry Potter Universe still being developed too? We are getting prequels that could very well more directly mention [NAME] being gay.
Should of said athlete
The Broadway store was popular too. I get that it's regulated now but it's a shame.
Unbelievable from McDavid and Matthews. Lundqvist can do nothing but shake his head #WCH2016 #wch2016
Y'all are fucking annoying
Hope to [NAME] i don’t end up like u
It's in my garage. Couldn't be any easier to access it.
Omgz rite?!!1 updoots!
ethan was with someone in the car when he did his revenge on grayson
Even better, won't feel as bad eating the whole thing in one sitting then.
Ok guys I'll watch it. When I finish it I'll tell y'all what I think
They were fine — why report on them? All for clicks and hype instead of meaningful stories.
Most women I know say this too. I'm thinking now that hesitant men are usually just very inexperienced or shy men.
But ... aren’t you so super sensitive at that point that you ... um ... burst?
Needless to say I was kind of scared.
this is epic satire, too bad its close to much of what the right unironically believes
For a second i thought you were talking about dubai expo 2020 lol stupid me
How. Just how
Her dad must be a gorilla who’s in to bondage.
Did they film Breaking Bad outside this home??
women, you need to make sure the men in your life are the best men that they can be. you are perfect buy our pink razor /s
Yup, it all starts with [NAME]. He’s not the worst owner in the nfl, but he’s in the bottom half for sure.
How old is this? I remember he was hugely FB popular back in like 2011. Him and [NAME].
i like turtles
This is why we love Football!!!
Sorry I thought you called me dumb. Long story. A misunderstanding. Sorry
And not all children's hospitals need the same stuff, so call and ask what they need. But I like your tip. You're correct.
Same. Thats not the usual flight path out of [NAME]. Really curious how they got this pic.
@MoviesTVNetwork Wow, did you get a really good buy on a bunch of '70's movies? There were bad then and are worse now! #awful #awful
*it's free real essential oils*
At what time is this?
Turkish exhilaration: for a 30% shade off irruptive russian visitors this twelvemonth, gobbler is nephalism so...
Hahaahahaaha I’ve almost completed the online story but i only have 3 gold bars so far lmao
[NAME] Twitter wouldn’t know what to do if [NAME] teamed up with [NAME] lol
Some dank shit DEFINITELY happened at the Ritz back in the day.
I made a post about a month ago saying [NAME] was trash and it got over 100 downvotes
Great, now I want to pee in it.
So is that like your opinion or a viewpoint you can back up with solid reasoning?
no taxes if you follow the strict scheme of a handgift. don't forget the thank you letter after.
Oh you'd prefer if I used this pic instead? I understand.
This shark is so beautiful i thought it was one of those high quality animations
Oh my [NAME], is this the new transphobia specific "Post Hog"? Because it really should be.
I'm so sorry. Hang in there.
Why hasn't he been made GM yet???
The vast majority of stories on r/incest are activities between consenting adults. There is nothing wrong with that.
There's syrup AND raw sugar on it, smh why.
@ChrisBooker @ThePerezHilton On PHP54  and though the Kardashian stuff goes over my head, you're both hilarious, like gleeful little boys 😂😂
Also, lay a piece of tp down BEFORE you drop your first deuce. Then nothing left behind!
can we stop posting stuff like this? It comes off as desperate *edited for typo*
Whoa am I reading this right? The lowest cost is $3.66 now? and not $2.66?
IMO, cheaters are only sorry they got caught, not because they betrayed their spouses and had an affair.
i guess you must eat filets and lobster at all your parties haha
You're an idiot and no one believes you and your telegram jerk-off buddies.
im thoroughly in love w zen and jumin and i dont think id even have the patience for either of them irl im old and weary
That's every cat's idea of fun!! Tasty human hands!
@Susan_Wilde @oohincensed @TheCanarySays no! Kinda offended that you had to ask
@AdamCimmering Boro are at the OS before then, they could give the stewards a good work out. Chelsea will get about 8k, will be lively.
HE CAME OUT A WINNER. LOOK AT ALL DAT MONEY FOR DA HOOD. 7-0 WHEN IT COMES TO OP
I am just saying that it makes no sense in Russian
Well it wasn’t opinion they didn’t like it was fact right?
So #angry about my @WishShopping order. 6 #months ago I placed an order of over $500. Card billed. Never #received \n#disappointing #angry #months #received
You two are perfect for one another.
We love you, this sub is always there for you, remember that behind every meme and comment, there is someone who supports you
@Takadad2 Hahaha!\rHe is a bully though!\rLike really a bully.\rOnly Sugita tamed the bully in him.
Nah I choked on my food
You should watch DS9. It's fantastic, and has a long story arc to follow.
Please tell me it opens up to a giant cave down there
Height of irritation when a person makes a hilarious chusssss.... Plz die....😬😬
Didn't he also come in half way through the season? 😏 Not defending [NAME] or hating on [NAME].
Did they really have to cast this actor? The later scenes with his real wife felt forced; the son didn’t act well either, voice too shrill, and he looked unclear in several episodes.
Yeah I realised that a bit too late. I still wanted to further explain myself regardless but thank you for being nice about it.
what a lovely gift, you are blessed my friend, she picked you!!!! use it in good health
“Children transing is abuse though ... and I'm not even speaking about dangers of hrt”
This hurts to hear because we know it's true. There are 16 year olds who have experienced more than me.
Hello fellow Cincinnati area store
Thank you, I appreciate it. It was, and still is hard to deal with.
Town is lively. Something happen?
Could be tripping or having an orgasm from dry humping, but it's pretty clear that they aren't full on having sex
You’re a damn good grandma, good wishes for your grandson and good luck!
> asylum Asylum doesn't mean "handouts"- they are abusing the asylum process because their countries are shitholes.
Thanks for pointing them out, it's hard to see through my tears 😢
Oof lmao sorry buddy
Ahhhhh you should start screaming and flailing. What a piss poor argument. Now I believe in invisible dragons.
some say my lover is a pale green light\nhe hovers high where the moon shines bright
The shame of it is if it weren't for bwood it would be a LOT worse.
U gotta work hard to get those virgins son.
@captainzee44 yup. He can celebrate and no he doesn't hesitate
In Qian’an, Tangshan, even with green code and negative tests, all returnees forced into 14-day hotel isolation — unlike elsewhere. Overreach! Green codes, negative tests — meaningless props now.
Apparently he has returned to the bench so hopefully he's ok.
That would be **[NAME]** Who is also awesome.
Yes. Ignore and move on
The biggest cringe is actually all the people commenting she's a man
Yup [NAME] got cucked
It's so much worse with a child involved. I'm so sorry you have to go through this.
it's funny how conservatives always say that leftists get angry over everything when conservatives get angry over a starbucks cup or a brown man existing
She looks almost devoid of color. Kinda like a manga. Amazing.
The millionaire backers of a no deal brexit will lose an awful lot of money if they do. The patsy"s are doing a real good job
I do! I buy 5-blade Dorcos. I'll never go back to razors marketed to women.
@aGirlHasNo_Name @MdlMurray shot by black police woman Typical looney toon thinking.#Hillary #divide #anger #chaos #hillary #divide #anger #chaos
Her performance was absolutely awful in the Elseworlds crossover. So much so that every time she was on screen it made me cringe.
It is odd you are singling me out rather than those who identify with those terms and use them endlessly and with insults.
Yeah im sure the chinaman who made this in his tiny noodle house for one millionth of a yuan is super stoked about this.
Lol!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love it.
I didn't find out about this till today due to my bff telling me. I am so disgusted and offended by this.
Hopefully you get a good bashing soon
The Guardian are covering it. Naturally they think we're far-right activists and misogynists whose displeasure proves the necessity of the [NAME] campaign...
Someone who seems great while texting might not be that great in person. You can't make someone meet a stranger if they don't want to.
Cheers, [NAME]!
Yeah that's how someone died at Dour festival when swimming in the stone quarry :/
I was really hoping this was real like
I carry 2 small stuffable throw blankets and a sweatshirt. Sweatshirt to ensure warmness. Blankets to ensure cuddles. I’ll let you know if it ever works.
As a Cardinals man i agree, makes me want to deck the cunt but hes huge and i love him, so conflicted
Obfuscated magazines in passage to unite with in order to thine mirth conjunction treat quotient sufficiently: lEAqIWY
[NAME] fits at 3 separate funerals plus almost every very serious uncomfortable conversation I've ever had would indicate you're not alone. [NAME].
The form itself did not shed any light, but was light.
How could such a crooked,stuck up,delusional,dim&amp; #dark hearted dud be surprised losing&amp;prob also ppl won't let their crimes drop! #nwo imo #dark #nwo
>like it's a bannable offense A Singed man has actually been ~~banned~~ threatened by Riot for going support with smite and counter-jungling the opponent jungler.
I imagine it would be helpful for little kids who cant reach the faucet.
Short answer, you can’t. Your making that sacrifice
@m_warner21 Yikes. The wrath of Maddie...
I'm also enjoying it I like mixing the colors the most.
>They split up 5 years later after an extremely messy situation with Dr [NAME]. Very very long story. I would like to hear this story
@andreamitchell said @berniesanders not only did not play up HRC in campaigning 4 her in OH but he did not discourage 3rd Party vote. TRUE??
Sending love and strength vibes <3
Damm!! I want to know what happened with [NAME] I think she stole his debit card?!
Its a weird thing they do south of the border... they throw flour at each other. No idea why that's a thing.
It's 57% upvoted, which pretty much means most people hate it.
How is it? It was consensual. They are practically adults anyway.
Yeah, I was very sad to read that!
*fingers in ears* LALALALALA EVERYTHING'S FINE. Check out [NAME] twitter feed for similar attacks. r/Alberta is definitely slightly left, but distrust of [NAME] is spreading.
Congrats keep going
Yeah I was waiting for him to coming at the end with "Why don't you just let us do it?" I would.
oh ok, i'll pass that on to him thanks :)
[NAME] has some great videos on the guy. He's definitely a piece of work.
Go on...
[NAME] was quite anti-Semitic.
this guy is such a douchebag
Downtown Charlotte at a pretty nice restaurant too Edit: missed the when part. This happened around spring 2017
why are people so offended by kendall he ends photo shoot like seriously shut the fuck up
They look damn good for being in their late 40's/early 50's.
Wow, was I in for a long time, because it my parents never did stuff like that in your "gift".
You can barely make out your daughter's pale form in the darkness of your room.
I don’t get it. Does r/sardonicast actually believe that BP is highly overrated?
Focusing primarily on the person you’re talking to rather than yourself and the impression you’re making lessens social anxiety.
Hmmmmm that is interesting. I wonder why you were told different. I think I'm going to email support and ask.
I knew a guy named [NAME]. Always wondered what his middle name was.
Foreign troublemakers should face same punishment as seat hogs. In such pandemic times, crew and railway must act and report immediately.
Well shit, time to talk to the wife. It appears she has two husbands.
I would be so pissed if I was part of that coaching staff. That was unbelievable.
Hopefully you don't come across too many crews like that yourself though. Always better when the combat is honorable.
>!Cosplayer Bystander!<: I always knew he was a little bitch.
[NAME] were the only reason this episode was remotely interesting lmao
That is awesome to know. I’m moving back to Chicago in August.
Fuck you, u/SamuelZeign ! Your breath smells funny.
The only happy ending I enjoyed on this sub. Good job.
I'd be pissed off if I was a [NAME] who voted to remain in the UK & then got shafted by brexit..
No wonder they don’t want us using the word “retarded”...it all makes sense now
He wants to make excuses for his affair and I doubt you'll feel better after listening to him. In fact, you may actually feel worse.
A royal with creme
She is a horrible person and that is what makes her so relatable in real life.
so glad we picked this guy up. was absolutely terrified when we played against him. dude was in the zone.
Ohhh lol, gross and funny
In the back of my car, for reasons we can’t find a safe bed to go to
Why do a certain section threaten war and spit fire and brimstone each time they hear the words “restructuring” and “self-determination”?..
Why is it so hard for people to accept the word no? Jfc. She definitely deserved what she got lol.
This will pass and you will be happy again. Just not right now. Hang in there.
This is great editing! I know this took a lot of work/time. Awesome job!
Oh, how I miss real spicy Chinese food. Day after, not so much.
Congratulations!!! And I hope those people who tried to interfere in your marriage feel very foolish now. How wonderful this is!💕
Oh no, the gig is up. I'm really [NAME]. LOL
[NAME], we have a guy with a bucket on his head and you have pornstars. I’m glad I live on this side of the Atlantic
The people of NI need to know the joy of football special
are u ugly?
Both of you should!
Just recked him, totally and utterly.
Well, I guess that explains my gf mood now
How thick-skinned must she be to shamelessly solicit donations — and people actually gave! A life lost because of her, she refused to testify, kept dodging, even cyberbullied the victim’s mom. Where’s her conscience? Fear is fine, but have basic humanity!
Time flies — it’s been 14 years already. I still remember my first class; I thought someone in front was shaking my desk.
Finally reached Gengchen — this year’s been so hard. I can’t sleep, feel lost, wondering if I hadn’t quit would it be easier? As a Goat, still in Wuxu luck cycle. Words can’t describe it. I’ve endured, hoping daily it soon ends — finally light after hardship.
No problem. Glad you were able to take something away from that.
Quitting porn only helped with my performance in bed, other than that I’m still anxious as hell in social spots
Love live [NAME]
@Cass_Pennant @frankbrunoboxer @WestHamUtd @davidgold @MaccaFrank @JonjoHeuerman @WestHamMagazine @CasualMind_ @karren_brady it's an insult.
Damn straight. It’s a new year, and our troubles are just opportunities for future success!
Not exactly an objection but very close.
If this is actually real it is really fucking stupid.. 400mg of nicotine!? Clearly you're looking for something stronger, might as well try heroin..
Is it though?
I posted a snap of my dad, and someone thought he was my GRANDMOTHER #crying #crying
This sub is turning into r/childfree so fast. I actually love kids and want to adopt someday. I want to mod this sub smh
She still cute tho
@LaurenBrierley2 sparkling water = death
Meanwhile Monokuma: Everything is free if you just become the blackened and get away with it
Makes sense but honestly the FO needs to accept they drafted wrong and just trade for DSJ for the sake of the team
Just another example of why corporate business structures are inherently unethical and are a plague upon all work environments.
Jeter been enjoying the Miami nightlife a little too much maybe, dulled his senses.
LVG bribed all the refs against Utd for his own personal revenge. That was a foul you prick.
What the fuck Edit: YOOOO I SWEAR MY DOOKU JUST SAID ONE OF HIS EMOTES IN A DIFFERENT LANGUAGE
I recently ate here and it changed my life. Get the steak sandwich with roasted peppers and goat cheese. You will not regret it.
Beyond that, it affirms the idea that discipline and habit exist for as long as you maintain them, which I find kinda funny.
maps by the yeah yeah yeahs came on the radio today and i almost burst into tears
I've seen some unfunny comment sections on r/jokes but this one takes the cake.
Lol I have my moments!
Sorry bucko r/necrophilia got taken down, I think your in the wrong place buddy. Here I’ll call you an Uber, take care of yourself.
They'll always talk about how much they value nonconformity, but when you actually don't conform they hate you
What's it matter where this came from? It fits every content guideline and we're enjoying it.
Yeah - thanks - I vaguely remember this. I wonder what her net worth was year by year? Too lazy to investigate.
Oh that sucks. Maybe you could give each other a show 😉
Lol kill me now
That’s what I’ve been doing lol but it’s one of my favorite maps and blood isn’t up to snuff with it
I'm a little sad that there's not actually a video called Dance of the Hillary, virus or not.
Not just this — at Huaihe Hospital, Kaifeng, a pregnant woman with green code, fresh test, doctor’s proof still barred from visiting her cancer-stricken mother for being “non-local.” Is this one-size-fits-all? Or national policy?
@cubewatermelon @JonKimbel It's hilarious but there are legit milkshake Duck apologizers. Yes, just the hypothetic milkshake duck.
I've used tofu and nutritional yeast before. It works well for ricotta! Recipe here!
You gotta watch with subtitles IMO. The dubbed English version looks and sounds ridiculous.
Damn our offense is a mix bag of unpredictable lethal weapons I'm worried for Defense Coordinators 😁 #Chargers #Boltup #Recharged #chargers #boltup #recharged
Why? I've got your attention and thats when the fun begins
Maybe she'll finish Wardenclyffe Tower and stop Slappy and his monsters!
Pm me too please!
( Very rare ) It was so cold that I can't even place my feet on the floor... Weather In the morning when it was raining... The sky was so dark... This photo was exclusively taken by my new W910i which is 2days old.
hell even clem would be if she witnessed it happen
That’s why I never break.
Omg so glad I’m not alone
But then they can't draw the m word
Ah, I didn't understand the context.
day 2 of the thread and i thing he doesn't like me like that. idk he's so shy and secretive... ugh.
Not bad iv'd tho
My favorite social network is Tumblr, they left out this one too. Not exactly an obscure website...
Not a chance, and I love it!
Um, except you would be trusting your private key with a third party. I would recommend verifying a signed message though as a feature to be added.
Don’t you spit facts! Downvote for you (everyone) with no reply. They don’t reply to good arguments just downvote you.
Memes that were made 2 or more years ago don’t count. They were probably funny back then, just not now.
This is literally the *only* thing I know about warhammer orks and I feel kind of bad about that. It's the coolest concept: faith-based technology.
9/10 our managers side with us because if they don't we get angry at them. The guestomer will never be coming back but the employee will
The guy is seriously neurotic.
Just out of curiousity, how does 4:3 stretched look on a 21:9 monitor
Pistons gonna have to part with something the fans don't wanna give up. Haha
Every game counts for the Kings tho. Suns are out if the playoff race and this is a must win for the Kings. BOL!
They're a homophobe, just ignore them. Anyone who uses "homosexuals" can go right out
Considering it’s a much deserved promotion I can’t be mad in the slightest.
#BUTTLICKER! #buttlicker
I don't know what WiFi/ISP Rivertide Suites in Seaside #Oregon uses. But 53ms ping best I can get and a D/L test won't complete.. #terrible #oregon #terrible
You mean you wouldn't want to be a transhuman cyborg alien experiment? That's not very cash money of you, my friend.
It's pretty stupid honestly. [NAME] clearly pointed a bug and people are saying "oh, it's a feature". ...seriously now.
When it's the same composer, this kind of thing is bound to happen.
I know! I would absolutely do this as well. I’d love to to a AMA with him to find out more.
My head whipped around, and there it was.
I just finished rewatching the film and let me tell you. [NAME] is a legend.
Highly reccomend it OP Listen i got 74 days cigerette free i couldnt be happier! My next step is quitting the juul which is gonna be rough
Girls super-like?
What a buttnoodle. Glad that “their” cat has a new family and that takes care of them. Thanks for sharing!
Speech was bold coz it wasn't written by PM NS bt the expression/tone was his own dull n dim
Everyone is raging
Wait, this is an INDUSTRY person? Wtf.
They're just excited! About everything!! It's the best when people do this in professional emails, too!!!
Given my grandpaernts survived the holocaust and told us everything, we have a horrible yet interesting family humour.
True but still very unlikely, mostly just vocal harassment and maybe a few small objects. Something tells me police will be there
When I die Im gonna ask satan for a job in hell whipping all these cunts
He was very weird.
Lip piercings would be painful bloody and easily pulled out... Nipple piercings hurt tremendously if ripped and are also easily ripped out
It hurt so much.
Maybe Apple was forced — but why indulge them so much? It’s all because people let them.
I was already having doubts with how Olicity-heavy it suddenly became
Lilo and Stitch is one of my favorites. I really want to go buy a stuffed Stitch to hug now.
I can see you, I can see you, I can see you.
my bls depress the blake
Lol naughty dog tattoo. Y’all done fuxked your reputation by letting your artist do this trash.
there is a difference between being a good villain and being insufferable. He has passed that line a few too many times for my liking
I learned it from [NAME]!
If you really think a horror movie needs jump scares then I feel bad for you son.
Right? It’s not like her family seems like they wouldn’t have helped with her son.
But if you wish to live bitter because your guilty conscience made you think it applied to you as well then that's on you, I'm not sorry💁🏻😊
There’s no rule forbidding leaving the province, but leave requests aren’t approved. I haven’t gone home for New Year in years. My grandmother is over ninety (a real case from someone I know).
What does Clemson give pride stickers for? Snaps played?
It’s been good, made me able to function much much better.
I live alone. Well, my dog... I do have to shut the door to keep him out. He gets too personal with his nose.
Oh my gooooooooood
You mean for a team right? MCW didn’t break any individual shooting records.
The pet peeves lmao... Ned Flanders?
When you have 15 doe run the opposite side of you 🙁 #depression #depression
Ya! It was a bangin’ movie! A super fun ride with characters I cared about.
I thought about it before. But I'm afraid I might get in trouble.
We're not a democracy. WE'RE A COUNTRY
TVGirl is like I'm really pretty and melancholic about life and this is why I hate myself
Also worth noting that OP was the racist, violent instigator in that situation.
Not hardcore accidental racism, but it fits.
HAHHAHA thats good
I'm saying your question is irrelevant to the post's topic. Stop being passive aggressive.
Same thing I thought haha
Idk why people be glorifying depression. I wouldn't wish real depression upon my worst enemy. Shits the worst stop acting like it's cool
Bro. You think roads and infrastructure wouldnt be built if it wasn’t for the government? My sentiment still stands. I pity you.
Here is the rest. He finally give me a bad rating
Totally!! It was such a relief to see that I wasn't the only one (female HL in a DB).
I wouldn’t worry, most United fans have never even been to Manchester.
I love how far some people stretch. I don’t think this fits the sub and now I’m a [NAME] that uses storefront. Nice.
I know you run a successful store and I really admire that.
I've never heard [NAME] complain about *post*-marital sex. So after you get a divorce, tear off your clothes and indulge your lusts!
Was not one of those players, still want to go back to the MW2 days. Totally would if I still had my PS3 :/
I sit at home so damn much that everything is starting to irritate me . I need to get out the house by myself !
These officials sure invent words — “malicious homecoming”? Never heard of such nonsense! “Homecoming” and “malicious” don’t belong together — it only reveals the malice in his heart!
Hey what a coincidence so is a human head!
Because lost media presents a question with no answer. Humans are curious creatures, so presenting them with knowledge that cannot possibly be learned is extremely frustrating.
@thehill left wing panic because Hillary is weak and they know it this is a revolution a movement nothings going to help the left TrumpPence
Lol I'm literally an anarchist but okay
you did drug her though, and assault her by undressing her and taking her photo. you committed multiple crimes. you need professional help.
I bet he jerks off while holding a gun in his mouth while crying.
Damn I was kinda counting on evolution to get me to heaven, but who am I to argue if [NAME] says it?
He wasn't beat over the top all season. I think the longest pass he allowed was around 20 yards.
Nice rifle. I have a T3 in 7mm rem mag. N Mine would suck as a SHTF rifle, but it's great for hunting.
Boy what an accomplishment, so proud!
Yes! Totally forgot about her. Noon too!
💥⚖️Yeah‼️ PAUL‼️⚖️💥 #joyous #glorious #BB18 #joyous #glorious #bb18
Wow! You've put my relationship in words I couldn't think of.
He is nearly 25, can't shoot, can't dribble and does nothing great. He wont improve much.
If I'm no good I can still give the 1st round a crack, yeah?
I live in Shanghai and order directly from a plantation in Yunnan espresso roasts for home consumption. Absolutely fantastic.
But why....specifically?
@WestermannNina xDD it's a song that can not be weary (?)
It says new, but I feel like they should call it 'used.'
Well good luck! Hoping to see you in my diamond games soon. Psn is LokleLad if you ever wanna stack
People have always liked kinky sex. But this is just BAD kinky sex..
"You can't stop me" Ah yes, those playful words when referring to a sexual act...
Well I'm glad I decided to go to McD's instead of doing those lines!
[NAME] 😂 I’m sorry they weren’t as expected but thank you for sharing! I had a good giggle.
I would just give her with their naked body.
They arrest him on gun charges,rape, possession of child pornography,Drinking underage(BAL was 0.34) as well as exploitation of a minor.
Did the goat enjoy it?
Yes, that might be a good thing
Thank you. You’ve given me a beam of hope
I would say that [NAME] is also acting a bit stubborn as he has pretty much shut down the government to get funding for the border wall.
Now you’re reddit staking me? Don’t comment on my stuff dude.. gtfoh
Nice work as always dish.
Excuse me, can you take responsibility for what you said? Do you have evidence, or is it just speculation?
That's so good to hear and I know stress/anxiety is a factor but idk how to get rid of it, glad for you though.
Prey actually had portals before Portal. Such an underrated game.
In the comments he accuses the account of being fake and she proves her identity with photos and a link to her instagram. This guy is astoundingly pathetic.
My goal for the year is to delve deeper into GTO related play and how to better understand how to use that to play better myself and against others
seems odd, when you guys consume much more pizza, I would say overall than us
Honestly it’s funny — claiming no supplies, yet spilling rice everywhere, kicking barriers; they don’t look starved — more like well-fed troublemakers.
I AM COMPARING THE TITLES YOU OVERGROWN CABBAGE
Why are you trying to cheat NJ transit? NJ transit is in deep financial debt and you are trying to steal from them. Shame.
Sadly that's probably the worst game I've ever seen [NAME] play.
I’m not saying they are I’m just mentioning where this rumor seems to be coming from
Different color for different people, please and thank you.
And I laughed
So cute!
When I was younger I would forget to pull it back to pee sometimes. That was a mess and led to some embarrassing moments.
I feel personally attacked. Every time one little thing happens, part of me just collapses inside.
HMS Pinafore' time.\n\nI need some mirth.
I also posted about this a few days ago. Maybe they have different designers but none of them has follow-up or approval from a single person, unfortunate
Eat my ass' is no longer an insult
They're not "likes" you fucking moron.
What was the end result of this?
Perhaps not a mainline souls game, but you can't deny the similarities to Soulsborne games. It's basically an iteration on the formula.
Yeah, I can see how that can sound that way
Hot damn [NAME], keep punking [NAME]
Hedonism at it's finest
My bad, second time today I have been pulled up with have* after should. My bro slang coming through in my grammar.
I'm torn. I watched it twice, but only twice. Also, I didn't check the sub until I saw the comments.
My DW made this realization. She is a smart one...and a keeper.
[NAME] vs [NAME] has been a great match... hope [NAME] can give a fight for the fourth set!
I never heard ridiculous right-wingers mocking people for being "triggered" until ridiculous liberals started referring to themselves being "triggered".
So sorry, for your loss.
I will never not laugh
I remember a few others have posted this happening to them in the past.
[NAME] was the same in Crestwood. Scary as hell.
Nah they’ll just show the one we got today, tomorrow on the WD, I have a feeling.
y'know, I should try that haha... (music gets depressing) ha
What a nutbar lol
Tomorrow at 5-7pm Utc it says for me
happy for [NAME]. hopefully you get someone worth a shit now
Players salaries are going up drastically every year. They’re hardly getting squeezed.
I'm really excited for [NAME]. He seems to be continually improving in this stretch of games. I'm hoping he stays up once [NAME] is healthy.
They are obviously not helping you out for your "smalleat thing" ether it seems.
Toxic masculinity' is as anti-man as 'gangrenous arm' is anti-limb Less so, in fact
Glad your nights going well guys
Fitter faster stronger better
The guardianship of life continues, the relay of life never stops — let’s give a thumbs up to the “Wenchuan brothers”!
There's no need for anger, but cringe and embarrassment are called for.
I feel sorry for this little girl. She's legitimely scared.
Lol I do the same. Sometimes it gets stuck in my head for days.
I fear slowly losing myself, and my cognition over an illness far more than I fear dying from a random accident tbh.
Humiliation on top of arrest!!!
Whining on reddit about whining in game.
I love those examples. Thank you for sharing. 🙏
It's because attractive people don't have to work on their personality usually
I keep thinking "this is it, Reddit has hit rock bottom," but they keep proving me wrong.
Today has dragged on
ok that's kind of cool....
was never caught by my parents when jerking off, but had a few close calls.
I just watched this video on youtube and thought about sharing it here
In my experience, yes.
I like flirting so this is what I enjoy doing, plus ordinary flirting is outcome independent. Direct approach is outcome dependent. Either way it's all part of the fun!
One flew up and landed on my knee, another kept trying to draw attention to himself by flying up just inches from my face.
I loved [NAME]. She was too fine. [NAME] and [NAME] too. S1 babes were the best.
The smell of rain, the feel of the drops against my skin, all were welcome feelings.
Yeah dude it is like a fertile egg - attacked by millions of sperm and only 1 gets to fertilize it. The other ones just die
I’d lick the juice off Master’s face any day, n-no matter how sour...
This is the best news I've heard in weeks. Source: Albertan where scum like wolves of odin are multiplying like fruit fly's.
Perks of having that shit: I lost a friend somewhere along in the bitterness
Nope, try to keep up.
If that's a euphemism for "emotional thinking" then I agree with you
Depay being a flop at United comes to mind, so good now.
So? [NAME] was and is a far higher rated player than [NAME] as much as I like him.
The crew can’t manage it? Isn’t there a train police officer? If even the police can’t handle it, what would happen if this family of three were Chinese?
The puppy is actually suggesting that the use of laptop to be repulsive. ^^^^PCMR4Lyfe
I love how when a girl flees saudi arabia in fear of her life she gets called a drama queen. This right here is a drama queen.
I suspect that it's harder to combat sexism in academia because racialized theories have fallen out of favor but sexist ones are still all the rage.
I'm with you. I'd like one too.
Guangzhou leaders, stop indulging these troublemakers again! Time and again they demand free rent, ¥200/day living fee, skip supply pickup, want meals guaranteed, act like bosses, and insist medics come door-to-door. Shameless opportunists!
Fabies? fababies? fatbabies? but fat babies are so cute.
Dozens. My favorite scene is the tribe bringing dude back from the dead. CHIIIIIKA. CHIIIIIKA. CHIIIIIKA. CHIIIIIKA.
Oh you got me. Good one.
Why is she the absolute worst
if i don't answer your 50 texts pls don't snap me
I wholeheartedly agree with you. I suspect that children this age don't quite understand this
I'm going with 720. She is like [NAME]!
ah, it does me heart good to see NIMBYs in the wild
Lol I’d love to.
This white lady just told me that I incite suspicion based on how I look, being 6'4', having tatoos, athletic build and wear a durag. WOW!
DEMOCRATSPF ARE LITERALLY HITLER!!!!
The keg talent is awesome with a touch of honey and another round turning [NAME] into a mage
seriously where the fuck do i find vegan motorcycle boots. its like looking for a unicorn
I highly suggest if you are looking online for a company to help you send you're package overseas..DO NOT EVER EVER USE @FastLaneInt #horrid #horrid
Worst winter ever :(
I foresee sharp objects bypassing the biometrics.
I’ve never cringed so hard
This is one of the new accounts that tried to call me a cunt!
We really missing JV
It’s beautiful
roll a blunt, walk over and strike a conversation.... or mind your fcking business
so kids never go into a locker room and see adults nude?? i cant believe everyone is condemning this. this is nothing.
By “make” you mean smash the box into hundreds of pieces and slobber on the remains in a comical fashion?!?
@Mywifestyles Thank you for following me. Please read my astonishing (e)book #FlightOfALifetime; you’ll be very glad you did #happy #smiles #flightofalifetime #happy #smiles
I honestly never heard about the furniture. Goes to show how much was made of it.
@VerizonSupport thanks for saying My wife and I were getting our iphones today and then losing both of them with no ETA #thanks  #thanks
Paraphrasing [NAME], this brought warm feelings to my heart.
Ohh salt would have been good, but I was too pissed off to not do something more aggressive lmao
And then in a weird twist her family tries him for murder. Haha!
@mr_HAAAAN wow inadvertently horrible puns is definitely my thing
No they haven’t and that’s probably a lot of the problem
We have a team to build Ain't waiting for [NAME] Good move NY
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @footballrocks123456  #musically #musically
I already did
I thought [NAME] was dope. Never understood the hate for it
Factually incorrect. Those studies did not have anyone trying to tell the difference in wine age, which any sommelier could do.
Just curious, would it be logged on the system if they were accessed?
That’s exactly how my non-union electrical company works ... it’s the funniest unfunny joke
Hears hoping, best of luck
I’m pretty sure it’s soup chef.
The game is pretty fun with items tho. Just obviously too random for esports
I didn't know operation was a failure to be honest lol just knew what it was
Like [NAME] says you are overcoming an addiction and much like any other addiction in the wild you are suffering from withdrawl symptoms in a sense.
That's cute
What an obnoxious, drunk girl.
heyyy that’s my birthday as well!
Wrecking Ball clips are the best
Right, but we want to shit talk them directly. Not agree with other people shit talking them.
Overall it was a pleasant night, with three standout incidents.
hello im bipolar 2 the fun kind
Why do service departments need train police? Let them get off and do other things — don’t delay the conductor’s service to foreign passengers.
"here's where the map completely breaks" "also centurion has safe heavies" like really lmao
The one that just happened, at the blue line, practically a tackle
I am not at all familiar with the gibbed audio extractor but I'd have to imagine those lines are in the Citadel DLC files.
I know I'd love him when he joined but there's a part of me that just doesn't even want him
No worries, thanks for replying back! Rotary means you teach one subject and see different classes instead of teaching multiple subjects to the same class :)
You know, I was wrong. I always assumed false dichotomy was their favorite fallacy when it's clearly strawman.
Did either of those places declare independence out of the blue? No.
#DamilolaOurLovedBoy So upsetting 😢😢. Why do people want to hurt others! Such a cruel world we live in #heartbreaking #damilolaourlovedboy #heartbreaking
@moocowward @mrsajhargreaves @Melly77 @GaryBarlow if he can't come to my Mum'a 60th after 25k tweets then why should I 🙈 #bitter #soreloser #bitter #soreloser
Seriously, it really made me happy! I hope when OP scrolled through she felt a little tingle of happiness too.
#ThisIsUs has messed with my mind &amp; now I'm anticipating the next episode with #apprehension &amp; ! #isthereahelplineforthis #thisisus #apprehension #isthereahelplineforthis
Have vid to reaction ?
I'm fairly new to this group and just realized my nightmares started the day I joined. However, I still somehow love it!
Aww that's so cute! What a good workmate
Looks like one of mine too. Such a horribly raised entitled rude brat
I'm afraid you're completely correct. Sad, but true.
@bobcesca_go @sesmithesq \nDidn't Florida 2000 teach you anything? I live here in Palm Beach County and lived through that nightmare.
This could have been way worse.... the bottom pic could have been [NAME] and [NAME] ughhh
You wash your hands with hand sanitizer? 🤔
You’re a kind soul who deserves a pair of $250 coach sunglasses
Absolutely same.
we have a "righty" complaining about "lefties" making up BS, while they make up BS... sad.
Tomorrow is going to be a challenge, I have to talk at a freshers fair to STRANGERS 😁and pick up my new flat keys
I walked up the aisle to the casket, with painful anticipation welling inside my chest, and then I looked.
Guy quotes [NAME] lol. Juicy
Fucking love my pixel 2 ended up hating every Apple device I owned
I want to go scuba diving so bad, but swimming in anything bigger than a pool terrifies me.
I see... guess it just hasn't reached my little rock yet lol. I'll check it out, do some actual research.
Do people even know music genres? This is jazz — and he improvised another section! Why not show that?
Lmaooo I’m sooo gonna use “As asap as possible.”
Oh [NAME] this is atrocious... I think I'm in love
I imagine that 50 years ago that's exactly the position he would take
I genuinely think that would be an iconic shot if it was in a famous horror film. The way the legs just keep on coming is terrifying.
a thing, and I’ve had my share of Whistle Pig Pie. I hate me
I wish you have a best luck on your journey.
I think it's the only ability in the game where you can't really use it in combat.
If the virus spreads through drains or toilets, then we in rural areas don’t need daily testing. Our toilets are private, dry, with buried barrels. The only contact we have is going to the clinic for tests — we might as well stay home and save medical supplies.
But this is the internet age, so get mad out of any and all proportion and assume the terrible worst with little to no facts or knowledge.
Have you tried warm tea with honey?? That always helps my kids throats when they are sore!
So using your figures here we make £12 billion in tax from the EU company's selling in to the uk. We save a further £9billion on fees to the EU
Let's wait and see what punishment they receive before praising Israel.
Great headline though
They're dont that on purpose. A few years ago they decided to show you what they want and not what is actually important.
Ok, well the south obviously didn't want to do that
Thank you, you are blessed
I’m so glad I watched this entire thing. That’s incredible.
Tutoring gives me such an exhilarating feeling. I love helping people 😌
@rosalilium I'm wearing all black tomorrow to mourn. 😭💔
That sounds really interesting.
@big_SL8 Show some respect, that's all...  If u havent go to war u cant say anything.. U havent lost friends and mates on war, so Ahut it!!
Name something just pick a single thing so I can present evidence to you .. quit sealioning
Good job #Texas for saying no to #Obama for #refugees who could be #terrorists! #Wakeup, #America! #Stop #terrorism. #pray @foxandfriends #texas #obama #refugees #terrorists #wakeup #america #stop #terrorism #pray
testing
Think this is the first time I’ve ever disagreed with [NAME]. [NAME] at SF WCJ at PF sounds horrible
I can't wait to tell my daughter how she used to love me so much she even wanted to watch me poop.
Enter this code for 10 free Lyfts PARX #Isn't it great to save money when you shop? #blissful #FREECAB #isn #blissful #freecab
Ditto!!!
ugh their mind
Hmm, were you trying to prove your inability to read, or just your inability to comprehend? Either way, you've effectively done so.
Removed for violating Submission Rule #1 OP, I think you will have better luck in /r/relationships or /r/relationship_advice #1
Nerves? If he knows you well enough, he will understand?
After all, I had vegetables coming out my ears all for the benefit of the young prince.
Congrats! You inspire me to try my best too!
@paulkrugman relentless echo chamber - negative comments with lots of reverb. Typical bully behavior.
That level 20 purifier upgrade can get so juicy.... i love artanis
Ahhhh fond memories
Congrats! Make one extra payment a year and you’ll have it paid off in 15 years instead of 30.
She even tweeted the Ghost Adventures crew, oh wow.
Back to back against Nashville and Vegas. Fuck I love this team.
For dessert and coffee we went to another cafe down the street.
Tell them personally how you feel and that you want things to change for better
But...but...I just bought a new gun in Fallout '76.....and America is the centre of the universe!! :'(
Is there a subreddit that makes fun of SJWs?
I know this is going to be one of those nights where it takes an Act of God to fall asleep.  #restless #restless
1/If the Church is being attacked with such fury, and from the inside, that means that the Church is exactly what we need to belong to!
Congrats to #Nicole #bb18 ... Fix that nose now 😒💁🏻  #petty #nicole #bb18 #petty
I want 10 - 0. This organization deserves the embarrassment.
In that case the bottom queens would probably not learn the lyrics
Yeah they paid for my dinner but still ugh
What, we are all gonna be corpses soon. Do I become that sooner?
Kinda. And thank you. I'm curious about those files and film and fotos you mentioned.
Glad you liked the lesson, don't forget to SMASH that like button and click on the bell box below to join the NOTIFICATION SQUAD
Thank you mate.
I stretched out my arms for balance, and bounced more vigorously.
Nice asimov reference
You think that hearing deathcries is **funny** ? Personally, hearing cries of pain and dispair don't cause me enjoyment, but I guess I'm a weirdo.
Lol the guy in white who just leans back and looks away when he gets [NAME] ass in his face
By all means, go for it. We'll all be much happier when you're not dragging us down anymore.
our first series against the dbacks on may 31 may be too painful :c but i hope he finds great success there!!
I think she looked perfect beforehand. They're just too big!
Sorry, I would like your comment, but it's at 666. And I just can't bring myself to change that.
Being alone is better than being lonely. Know what is worse than being lonely? Being empty; that's right!\n #Loneliness #aloneinthecity  #loneliness #aloneinthecity
Hey folks sorry if anything offensive got posted on here yesterday my account got hacked. All fixed now though. I hope :-/ #angry #annoyed #angry #annoyed
#IfIWerePresident \nMy goal would be for us all to be miserable, yet jovial in the Co. of others. U know, civil but with realization of self. #ifiwerepresident
Give him time to fatten up. He's young.
He was horrible
I'd Post this corrected version right under theirs. Every Time. LOL!!!
Yea no shit wtf
Alllllllways. Losing that toonie makes you feel like a rookie every time.
I'm smiling like a mf
learn to say no more. After a few times you have something you like destroyed it gets easier.
I looked down only to see a flashing red light buried in the dirt under my feet.
#Partners are willing to #walk alongside you without being #intimidated by you. #WhoIsIT #Part2 #RelationShift #CLifeMacon #partners #walk #intimidated #whoisit #part2 #relationshift #clifemacon
goat handshake denied Personally, I just think [NAME] was scared of touching such a relic as is [NAME] hand
Lmao everyone in this gif was absolutely clueless
I was afraid of that .
Oh sorry- to be clearer, I meant everyone not on the APP looking for a scooter will get sick of seeing random scooters.
Maybe someone up there is wondering what it's like here
So are some women. A couple of my friends have this very issue.
Kinda similar to the Pistons, they're stuck in a bad funk after getting off to a decent start. Now lost 10 of last 13.
hes leaving anyway might as well trade him bro
How do people make this up and expect their story to hold up
right and hope you don't realize until too late that you're way better than me
Leave me alone [NAME] and go take care of your man. [NAME] great for you, be happy.
That is SO cool
My withdrawal was marked as complete. Likely doesn't matter now though with the servers being completely offline.
The little “you hurt me so badly but I’m gonna be brave” yea... at the end oh my [NAME]. Your friend sucks.
Honestly [NAME] is just enjoying his 350k and sits at home to play Fortnite ar this point. He’s done for
Alright imma set small goals for myself thanks for tip man!
Yet again with the gross oversimplification of geopolitics as a romantic relationship. [NAME]... pops up each and every thread.
Neat, it’s screenshotted from my Facebook so I doubt that it’s an exact one my friend
We seriously need to use all legal and ethical means to avoid losing our nation to the fascist oligarchy. We need desperately to cut out this deep cancer.
Yes, I know. But thanks, no damage to the second car and just some scratches on mine.
So just for the record, I’m with you on the football end: Love the Broncs, hate the Pats. 🏈
The rape of one? Millions of women have been raped. Rape and murder is also a tool of war.
Going to the doctor tomorrow for a checkup to make sure everything is normal and hopefully this shit is just in my head.
Wiggins midrange magic!
And then you're stuck on that medication for life, sounds like a scary trade-off.
Only person that could manage to get bright pink lipstick all over my brand new white dress 😩😂
[NAME] dammit I love wrestling
Stop doing weird things
Fifth grade, fifth floor — I was the first to notice the earthquake. I quickly told my classmates to run downstairs. Later, the building cracked, but thankfully didn’t collapse.
At least the crazy lady didn't hunt ya down mate!
@caseycdutch @m_rath that's what some rioters are doing #terrorism #terrorism
Let me guess, are you Swedish perhaps ?
You are actually an idiot. Not it is not a proven fact, it is a biased stereotype. It is definitely derogatory.
Took devils -1.5. Gotta love sports betting in Jersey.
Don't apologize for a joke,especially when its true.
It’s not really a surprise that sick people consume more healthcare resources than people who aren’t sick, is it?
I deleted my facebook completly
Im chill af, you complain about being adressed in the language of those you critique...
LOL "making" Nesquick takes exactly 7 seconds
Correct. The LTB judgements are enforced by going through small claims. Which makes for another hurdle for tenants trying to collect judgements.
This is why, when I do it, I'm gonna do it as quick and brutally as possible. This is inhumane.
Maybe, I'm just saying that there are players with more talent out the gate than him.
And here I am thinking that the animation after surrender/Victory is annoying ;-;
if anyone spoils any of my fucking shows I will haunt you in the afterlife so help me god
and she finished that leg of the race without getting eliminated! It was kinda impressive.
yeah, a little bit.
We’re gonna need a bigger boat.
Brings back so many memories from the Guitar Hero 3 days.
[NAME] and [NAME] had equally good chances when they were on the same line in the first/second period - they just didn't convert.
No one actually claims that [NAME] and [NAME] were real people.
@caeruleusV @Atheist_Penguin @misogynaut I threaten you because I can pussy
And those offences are not Criminal Code offences. Criminal Code offences require it be established "beyond a reasonable doubt" that an accused actually committed the offence.
thanks, my roommate is a photographer so props to her 😂😂
I used to live there (Hell) and I had this religious/fundy coworker who used to love to point out that "DARWIN Road leads to HELL!"
Congrats man! Which troop are you on?
Swap places? I'd take your place over listening to my father complaining about how Canada's not conservative enough.
No. I'm just against forcing your beliefs on people who aren't old enough to distinguish reality from fiction.
Yaaaaaaas me too!!
ROOMS TO GO LOUNGE TIME
Youd be surprised how many times the "hebephilia is not pedophilia" argument comes up on reddit.
I’m making pretty decent money doing Gun Rush. I love it. Discovered I like 1-life modes for this game.
I could be completely crazy but didnt they attempt a coup like 2 years ago and it failed?
So, he was partly an average product of his time, and partly a terrible, notorious man by the standards of his time.
Thank you for your reply. It gives me hope, and I will your previous post in a bit.
Sorry but imma hit you with a fat (X)
aww hell no. This fucking ad
Let's kill and eat them all. That'll stop those damned animals from deforesting my forests
I am 63, D cups, no sag. I must be a unicorn!
Happy one week anniversary
We play some sexy football at times
Lol. I'm gonna try this with my wife. As I always have to tell myself: "Don't 'should' on yourself."
I love juancho
Honestly I would have no idea if it weren't for the logo. This is unholy.
It's a shame cause I spent countless hours squading up on BF1, then played the BF5 beta with high expectations only to be very let down.
That is awesome.
@WWE is the live event Brock vs Orton 2 this Saturday on the WWE Network? If not it needs to be! :) #wwe @RandyOrton @HeymanHustle  #wwe
Hey.... that's not the wallet inspector...
I wonder what would happen if I were a father. #weary #weary
I don't think a [NAME] would agree....
Not sure about “better” but women artists have an intuitive grasp of color theory and tend to use color in a more pleasing way.
I don't bother diagnosing it in people with BPD. The handful of genuine DIDs that I was referring to were people who didn't have BPD.
Oh I quit flying with them last year. Good times though
Me cheering for the Wild this year
@President1Trump The ignorance of the left is shocking
I love the outfit that [NAME] is wearing
AS AN ITALIAN MAFIA ONCE SAID "LOOK HOW THEY MASSACRED MY BOY"
Couldn't have happened to a nicer person.
Honestly, I dont see it. Like, at all
Thats even worse than what you put up (no offense really). Your work is well done just a hideous design.
Thank you very much that was quite swell of u sire
“But [NAME] helped the Browns win more games that’ll last season...” SLAP!!!
because you are in danger of appropriating methhead culture.
He raped you. Leave. Now. Cut all contact. Easy answers here. You deserve far far better than this
I mostly just feel like this life is a test I’m failing, and I’ll have another chance eventually
trust me, you do not want to do this. i used to live with 2 party people and it was absolute hell. save yourself now
In an unintentional moment, memories of loving you arose — you are the most beautiful scenery of my life.
Don't forget that labour cannot win a majority by itself. They would need to make a deal with the SNP.
This is petty af but I'm in
> If it concerns you a lot, after 3 times you can actually just register another card. Good idea.
We like what we like.
The reaction is incredible. I’m quite certain it’s satire as well, but its impact is depressing as hell.
I feel like my stomach's had a growth spurt, which leaves me aching and sore.
omg that's gonna be a hell of a reunion as well
Oh, I always thought it was gum that had been "pre-gooed."
Ugh, thanks. I'm still working through it emotionally 😂😂 so funny about worrying over the stain!
Thank you. Take the upvote!
Oops! The bottle was so oily it slipped outta my hand and into the trash!
Not sure if this has been asked but is autism a result of not having a filter? Apologies if I offend.
Yeah no one is gonna do that and get reported to HR for bigotry.
Hope he's ok, the game needs more people with names like [NAME]
Are you serious? The entire site determines what to show you based on upvotes.
Oh wait that's tonight?!?! Totally watching 😎
That's not what is being contested here. Telling your kid something like this would certainly make you a bitch.
The "richest" country in the worlds royal palace banquet hall filled with cheap mass produced junk food and they love it.
They're both happy though
@makemytripcare but what I am doing is in my control, #AvoidMMT , you guys are #terrible #avoidmmt #terrible
you should have asked this question 15 years ago sadly :(
You have a lot of Hope Buddy a lot!!
🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀I’m bad at this game🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀
I really love that game. It's so chill, I played it a lot.
Haha good to know in case I decide to go back to church. Some of those seats in that temple are so damn uncomfortable.
Keep in mind. We're all weak. Don't insult people just because they're human.
I think this qualifies as r/prorevenge, honestly. Dude needs to face consequences more often, otherwise he will keep trampling over people’s boundaries.
Why? I love it.
You really shouldn’t just pat wolves you know...
It’s funny u should go check it out
Not my account. I do not own the [NAME] account on Youtube. Pretending I do is silly.
You're most welcome!
Ok but wouldnt that make me seem like a loser? Idek how to take good selfies or even where. Obviously not the bathroom right?
Man i was so sad when i found out vodka had calories
You sound like my brother. I only have one tip. Calm the fuck down. You cant think when youre upset
I've got six aces
IIRC there is a Simpsons episode where [NAME] has programmed the emergency button on the phone to call the pizza place.
One of the best photos I’ve seen of the Arch. Breathtaking.
I think [NAME] could've been a long term quality backup. We really should have hung onto him and ejected [NAME] like a bad habit.
I felt him press his face to my hair and start to whisper soothing things at me but I still couldn't hear anything but the pounding of my heart.
I don't think that makes you seem as cool as you think it does
You went two months without eating it, you deserved to eat it until you felt full. Don't worry, you deserved that meal.
Like hello? I am your first born you must always laugh at my jokes. #offended #offended
I would do that all day until she learned not to put her dirty feet on the dash!!
Thanks. I appreciate your advice. It is what I was looking for. Thanks again.
This shirt is directly aimed at some very ugly individuals
#intl hey, bae @ssyhoe happy 7th month anniversary 😚💕 Ily -yours #intl
She loves to scream "[NAME]" during anal.
Cool...so he threw 5 jump balls all season. He also threw the ball out of bounds about 60 times.
That might be an issue when it comes to meeting girls all the way around. Generally we love a guy who can make us laugh.
Isn't that exactly what the Dunning-Kruger effect is - someone over estimating their understanding / ability?
I thought that said affordable, and i was really concerned
Horribly fake. People on that thread are stupid and gullible.
Despite my anxiety, You were there with me, Diligently working in my heart, Stripping me of all of my pretense, Scourging me of all of my arrogance, Revealing each of my self-serving ways, Which have made my life a wasteland.
Brother I desire your honey
No. That’s an actually pot plant. You have to do some extra work to keep it blooming each year.
I got a good laugh at this one. I feel bad.
What the hell? Why can't people leave this place alone? They make good pizza. That's it. It's a pizza shop.
I feel like that’s not the best spot for a beach
My dad was a trucker for most of my life.
Oooh I haven't heard of that one. I'll look around.
Wow so glad [NAME] is getting it done quicker. Better for later in tourney
> bacon You had my curiosity, but now you have my attention
[NAME] sure are afraid of brown women.
Projection is perception. See it in someone else? You also at some level have that within you. #anger  #anger
Im definitely gonna check the bushes around the burn where everyone throws their targets from now on. Im not over it i feel bad man.
Girls with hairy arms scare me
He will be perfectly fine besides being very nauseous and probably throwing up.
Good point. Thank you. My condolences for your own loss.
Yup. I don't want to soil the paper unless I have something very interesting to write about.
This is great!
But pretty much the entire Torah is in masculine language. Weak argument on their part.
Vasectomies are fairly common. Especially in older men.
Do yourself a favor and protect your credibility by not arguing in favor of a terrible hire.
Your uncle sounds fun. RIP indeed
Wish I could convince the rest of my children to go to their fucking preschool and elementary schools with fear of gun violence.
@xandraaa5 @amayaallyn6 shut up hashtags are cool
@stackee Charlie attempted to suffocate me with a cushion for cheering so much at the great news 😂😂
Yes in the right places as do bites, again they have to be in the right places.
I have a fear of failure but no urge to be productive
I enjoy vintage cooking porn. A young [NAME] trussing a round roast, for example.
You are a delight upon this earth
A #smile can mean a thousand words, but it can also hide a thousand #problems. #Fact #TeamFollowBack #smile #problems #fact #teamfollowback
Then he is still able to achieve salvation in [NAME] grace. I will pray for him, and for all your lost souls. [NAME] bless.
It's very rare that I have literally no idea who a player is, but here's one.
I read it as "urinary breast implant" and was quite confused I must say.
I don’t know where you live but just a bj should be around 80$
Basketball is more entertaining than football
The comments under that video are disturbing. People actually see this as a sign of the end of times.
Nah, I’m good, just trying to help you out. Have a good one
You don’t have to hate players just for being on a different team. I hate that [NAME] is an [NAME]. I don’t hate [NAME]
The castle, assuming it's properly furnished and comes with servants to run the place.
Didn't he say [NAME] should cave and give [NAME] his wall money?
This is awesome. nice!
I wish the next madden has a story mode too. Just like Fifa 17 #madden #madden
Fuck I’m sitting in position 3 right now
What the hell kind of university schedules a class at 6am?
I have no idea what "[NAME]" is. These billion and one denominations are getting kind of ridiculous.
I never said it should have been called. I just think it's hilarious that the replay literally shows it.
I tried to be an easy going bride.
Fuck I’m hungry now.
@AphoticSanguine —but be a little playful. \n\nHe hesitantly pulls away, just enough so he could get words out, lips brushing against—
Thanks dude. Wish you the best with OP, personally I'm done.
A related book for the more nerdy types is [NAME] Burnout Society. Thanks for the share, it was well worth the long read.
Now this is podracing!
Thank you. Posted this to Facebook!
It is a solemn thing, and no small scandal in the Kingdom, to see God’s children starving while seated at the Father’s table. -AW Tozer
He looks like a Loony Toons character
@npagliaro1 That's awesome!  p.s. ok, what are the odds of that, swapping neighborhoods? #hilarious #hilarious
Hit up skull forts if you are looking for the fastest way. But just play and have fun.
What's with all pre industrial revolution-esque footwear? You guys tryin out for grapes of wrath today?
Keep on hmmm-ing toots. Maybe you’ll put yourself to sleep
Solid argument. Honestly this game’s a mess and impossible to balance for both sides equally.
He really has us in that first half.
Was not aware. I know it's bad but I rather keep my head in the sand on this one because I still want to like [NAME].
The app trio is the only thing worthwhile there. Won ton tacos +boneless wings + spinach dip and I'm a happy camper.
aw :(
Thanks for your insight
S P O I L E R ! !
There just shouldn't be police enforcing nonsense traffic laws. Cops should stay at their station until summoned by a citizen like fire trucks and ambulances do.
The stock market for Ren Water soared again today — second day in a row! I sold some, locked in profits — overjoyed!
Keep Yourself Safe, Sweetie.
This girl looks STRONG!! I want her to be my goddess and I will please her on command!
What an idiot.
Ah ok, nice one. Thanks.
I legit did this last night, I hit it and wave it around like crazy
Yeah, other poster only did it for karma + 69
I’m not sure are we now taking the word of the FBI and Navy as legitimate sources or what’s happening here lol?
I have 35 children with 42 different partners and I used condoms every time.... But ya raw is heaven
I don't care, [NAME] tweets make me uncomfortable and I hate him!!! - Liberals
Well, I can only say that it's his own fault. No one knows what happened. But if a person has a problem with his character, then he has a problem. There's no point in making excuses. I'm not a hater. Thank you.
"oh.... alright" [NAME]
Thank goodness I’m safe. Don’t sound so disappointed.
FYI, it is still possible to play. You just need to do an advanced search.
Any guy that would say that in that context doesnt deserve to have a gf.
He's the only legitimate jetpacker
Ketamine is absolutely bizarre in high doses. I lack the words to really describe it. I've never felt so detatched from my own humanity.
This hurts my brain
I’m so fat my nipples just kind of hobble slowly across the floor then fall over
On my life I'll never understand why anyone would pay money to see @LifeOfDesiigner #terrible #terrible
Because you see me like a UFO, that’s like NEVVVVVEEEERRRRR brings me to tears every time
Ah man, so many memories of those skits
Wish they would’ve cancelled work when it was -40 last week but I guess that’s somewhat expected in Canada.
My dad had the same problem in the same fingers thanks Op .I'll share this with my dad.
I see wat you did there.
OH NO! LOL That'll teach ya, kid.
These are icels. Anything that has its own porn category is kinky to them.
Now I’m crying before work thanks a lot 😭
I just bought these, they look amazing! Thank you, Internet parent!
Hi Game Grumps? This is [NAME], we want to do a cover with you, just [NAME], not [NAME].
She's still looking for her [NAME], maybe? :)
Thanks I'll take all the good vibes I can. I'm going to try to sleep too. And get through the next week
I really like hearing the Australian accent of someone speaking Italian.
This has nothing to do with weebs, anime, mlp, katana, or 4chan. This is just doesn't belong hear.
Thanks for the info and the welcome! Blue and Orange forever!
In addition to fiction, wish me luck on my research paper this semester. 15-20 pages, oh boy. #daunting #daunting
That's why you gotta pump that charisma stat to the max. 😉
I mean, if I make it look like an accident, just think of all the ribs I can buy with the insurance money...
I was in Shenzhen early this year, moved to Guangzhou in May — Guangzhou’s testing setup can’t compare even to a single Shenzhen district. Sites are oddly placed, times conflict, no consideration for workers’ schedules, poor planning. You even need community notices to find sites. Cross-district workers can’t easily test. Long queues are all due to this — no comparison to Shenzhen.
@TimmyLDN Looks dreadful... 👀
Get her professional help.
For fun!
I always thought of the sound of lakes freezing on cold nights. It's pretty surreal in itself.
They’re not pissed off to the point where they’re actually going anywhere else, and that’s just crunching numbers.
no worries, just clean your room
Wants to stay with the Texans too.
Some of my fraternity brothers came over, but I’m not sure if it makes a difference
[NAME] why are there so many guendouzi haters?
Genuinely, it is! The only complaint is that kentrosaurus is spikey as hell, and I find him with my foot in the dark fairly often...
I'm so glad you're annoyed.
' By now, a small intense knot of hatred swelling in my stomach.
It's nice for him to take time out of getting angry at people to lecture everyone.
Stargazing with Vi is definitely my favorite moment of the season so far
Is this from the new Ok Go video?
My thoughts exactly, I hope [NAME] doesn't get too much hate.
Qwertyuiop makes for a great snack though
“Instagram might suck but it doesn’t suck”
So you're proudly ignorant. Cool bruh
You’re forgetting the Great Internet Summit of 2015, which decreed that “succinctly” now means “explained in a way I can understand”.
I thought I saw somewhere that he works for a company that is notorious for underpaying their developers.
So? Why can’t we unify entry quarantine policies nationwide? Does the central government not see local chaos? Abusing power — 42-day quarantine? What virus incubates 42 days? Where’s the science? Who’s in charge?
Adding a few projectile characters only made the game better, not worse. Bars can go though.
@freemanstanzan2 you're a cowan... that means you're a slimebag. I wouldn't trust you as far as I could throw you. #arsehole @StuartHarker1 #arsehole
I don't see anything about harassment in that statement. Weird.
And that wig is awful
Great site. Never heard of it. Thank you for passing along!
I remember that the phrase "blood turning to ice" makes sense now.
Totally read it as [NAME], was confused
Thank you so much! I appreciate the support i’ve gotten as I don’t feel I deserve it— and I appreciate your comment. 😊
Shocking description of the criminals. Never could have guessed that
Frame data won't save you from 50/50s that can be initiated off of lights in VT1. He's probably the most explosive character in the game.
I've heard this is a form of self hypnosis such kinda makes sense to me.
A week after turning in the paper, I get an email from the professor saying I plagiarized the whole thing off Wikipedia.
Would you have been ok with a vet min contract on Ziggy with a $1 million per start incentive?
Did wsj even report this?
> But it says progressive right in their name.... Here's a beautiful girl for you... ^^/s
Nikon D5100 with a 55-300mm lense. Still don't know how to use it well. Edit: Thanks! Edit again: A word.
Thanks for that. Never really investigated mechanism of it. Seems to be familial as father has it too. Otherwise normal.
Upon the third strike, the ump cried "Why don't you make like a tree and get outta here!"
Videos. It’s basically a gif with sound. Pretty cool to see them in action
Oh you're getting trolls trolls. Damn what sub you think they are getting you from, lol I'm not gonna mess with them.
This. One of my biggest pet peeves. What the hell does it even mean?
Well, I can only assume that you've discovered the delicious style of Islay scotch.
[NAME] faults during his playing days shouldn’t define his coaching ability.
@Bravotv is there a way to watch NYC Million Dollar Listing &amp; filter @FredrikEklundNY OUT of the episodes? #primadonna #duckface #tantrum #primadonna #duckface #tantrum
dont let the spirit of rock die motherfucker aroooooo
I dont he even saw a winning record. Think the best a team he was on was .500
It is an absolutely horrible ultimate I agree after 400 hours on doom I still hate it
"Holding [NAME] up like baby [NAME] would be a fantastic way to excite a fan base that’s been neglected for years."
Yes. Less toxic =/= nontoxic.
#OMG TERRIFYING!!!! #omg
[NAME] has progressed so much this season. Took him a little bit to start getting his confidence but I’m a lot more excited about his future now
Well fuck my kids then
Very clever!
Shout out to the clowns of r/hockey for voting [NAME] and [NAME] two of the most disappointing rookies two short years
Funny that dinner sized is larger than lunch sized wherever you are. Seems like a very specific cultural thing.
The surprise would be that we just broke a 16 year old record...
I had one of those... my cat broke it.
Bumper is cheap, at least you alive. Perspective.
Lol religion is a crazy thing
Marry her or I will. Cause when my GF sees this comment I'll be pretty single.
shaved definitely makes things more swampy for me. I need the hair to soak up the swamp
Oh yeah, thanks, sorry for the confusion, good thing someone called their bullshit :)
I wish I could forget about the redesign. Sadly reddit is adamant about reminding me all the time it exists.
Fair enough, but that doesn't mean she won't in 2020.
Pretentious erection is going to be the name of the lawyer funk band that I’m going to bring into existence someday.
Thank you. I’m glad the club acted responsibly.
Let's go back to the gym.
Def not nypd lmao, but u hear you
[NAME] so cool
I’m just trying to get a woman’s perspective on the situation.
Wow, never knew about [NAME] and I thought I was well-read!
What an absolute professional.
He also probably hasn't finished school but has seen like, all the [NAME] lectures so he totally already know everything.
This was definitely worth the $1000+ it cost to do
Man – I love how [NAME] really lights up when she asks about [NAME] .... "that's my boy for real, for real". Love that.
Maybe they are just horrible people, and because you aren't like them they don't like you.
@_Briannax33 @TheFunnyVine @MarielaLynn_ @karengutiii_ gotta shake the booty instead though, makes sure it's all good 🙂
Yes Thank you ! Someone might try to sue me because they pulled out and got pregnant ... use full body condoms if you think Facebook should support your baybeeees
Ok, I gots to know, was the child taken away? Please tell me the child was taken away.
Don’t stop everything; that’s inhumane. Take 70% of salaries as KPI, and when there’s an epidemic, the KPI becomes zero.
This was fairly recently...
We're going to return to [NAME] and [NAME] being bffs again and talking shit about [NAME] or some other random shit.
`` I felt my eyelids swelling shut and the crack in my collarbone started to throb.
Very true that is why I'd also reccomend a mod tweaking AI. Ofcourse the dev's should've done this all themselves but alas.
And DICE has told us fuck all about how they intend to fix it and when to expect the fix.
Same to me. But she has a handicapped placard but drives [NAME] and herself. WHY?
[NAME] how is [NAME] even a rapper. I thought rappers were people you would wanna be lol
>slaps windshield This bad boy can fit so many Leds on it
I feel like I have to call bs on this one. I hope lol
I'm told I look like [NAME] with a ponytail but I wanna look like [NAME]
worst is when people with dogs think they know what it's like to be a parent omg like you dont even know YOU DONT EVEN KNOW
Is it Amazon brand? Genuine question as I didnt even know those existed
I wish someone would do this for me.
Feels like I lost my best friend #lost #fml #missingyou #lost #fml #missingyou
If you think reason will prevail in this election remember that Hitler was elected by what was then a wholly 'reasonable' society.
Thank you! I was wondering what to do tomorrow morning. Now I have something to go to.
Brilliant, thanks so much!
#Rage and #disappointment man.... Is that life or what? Lol #rage #disappointment
@johnaugust @clmazin I was so looking forward to @ABCDesignated. Then it opened with a #stuartspecial. I literally yelled at my tv. #umbrage #stuartspecial #umbrage
Well, that's kind of a silly metaphor considering how wildly different our political positions are.
Xmen didn't have posters that said "hey you know how many times I've mentioned it to someone they can't be charged for just looking..
On being 3x over the speed limit while under the influence, that alone makes him very guilty of something wrong. Thanks for the additional information.
Gotta boost that self esteem.
the last minute of game time lasted 15 minutes.
Don’t worry I did not disappoint your mother
Ya, he’s a lot better. If someone maxes dlo that will be the new [NAME] contract.
thanks for answering!
u/Mickster19 these are incredible! We gotta have this [NAME].
The intent is to provide the players with a sense of pride and accomplishment...
I would love it! [NAME] has a history of injuries just like [NAME] used to!!! Do it!!
Lol alright dude. Nice chat.
No I've been here for 5 years :( it's just gotten worse and worse
I lowered my head so it fell across my face, a good excuse not to look directly at Cody.
Hope she can do twice a week, that ought to be persuasive.
Your boobs should be sisters not... completely unrelated
Terrorism is the systematic use of violence to achieve a political goal. [NAME] has not used violence.
I thought I was the only one who loved cold pizza! Everyone thinks I’m crazy! I’d rather have cold pizza than hot honestly
Hopefully never, both the result of truly dreadful storylines.
Thanks now I gotta go listen to golden earring
Cute little jerk. How many times has that come out if my mouth!!
This joke made me want to walk right out of the Dumbledoor.
How ignorant of to care about the safety and well-being of others! Shame!
3 Styles to Love now at Zales!  Three sparkling styles to love! Stop by and shop in store today.
I like how people get upset when someone talks about how they like this game. DayZ may be the most triggering game of all time!
Not gonna lie I’m against offensive chants don’t @ me. I think they are unnecessary and a detriment to the O calling a play
I don’t think people know how to use quotation marks
It could be soul-crushing despair, but it also might just be the marshmallows I had for breakfast
A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones. A wicked man accepts a bribe in secret to pervert  justice.
Show down there heretic. You obviously meant to say: Unquestionable truth, any diversion from what seems to be true only comes from our own limitations. /s
Would you’ve still got with her if you’d known beforehand? No judgement, just curious.
No, thats just the glare from the sun
I wish I could get a lazy Malinois. I love their look and Mal puppies are so cute! But I’m not a run-everyday dog owner.
I sorry didn’t want to disrespect peep but as i said i needs to be dark and about something i like
light and noise, they make my brain pound against my skull.
@NinjaWorrier @ali_zimmer @m_pattison How long ago was that? (I shudder to think.)
A "wise" man once told me: > DO > YOUR > OWN >RESEARCH >!
[NAME] thats real? I'm so glad i unsubbed from pics
I’m cool with anything that pisses off someone as disingenuous as you.
Woo hoo!!! Free at last!
sub banner is a giant neon "BOTTOM TEXT" hmmm I dunno, man.
Oh man first game of the split and I already came in my pants :/ . GG TSM
Because bullying is a way to enforce social conformity, and discourage people from being different.
Yeah I think I'll just push her away, thank you.
Wait did he actually do this? Seems like it would be insanely disrespectful to you fellow craftsmen.
This sounds familiar. But no it will be [NAME] fault. She MADE [NAME] hurt you for the greater good. /s
thought you were talking about gum (eucalyptus) trees. They're known to drop branches and many people are killed by them.
If they’re not gonna get anyone else with that money then I wouldn’t have minded
What a shit twat
I honestly would start at the beginning. Most things are still funny because you remember the events they make fun of.
yeah but we really don’t want to be like them. it is an example of failed communism turned militaristic authoritarianism
My height is definitely a huge (ironically) factor. Im 5'1 no girl would date a guy 5'1.
It was the most a receiver ever put on the Legion of Boom Seahawks though, so that's cool.
Note to self ~ Stop laughing at things that offend you, it's ok to get mad at people \n #NoteToSelf  #mad #upset #notetoself #mad #upset
Heads up guys before you scrutinize me, Yes I know it's ED not ER apologies in advance :)
Are you not the copycat, for being the thousandth person to do this?
I can't believe that we've seen this ep before and missed the poster. Wish I could upvote y more than once.
Glad we agree.
Thank [NAME] I don't have any friends
Someone really needs to solve the problem of how to put cars into video games, I'd love to see it one day, just imagine the fun!
Was that a sound effect or the pup freaking out?!
The only death that made me feel any emotion. And it wasn’t even the death itself.
Busy? Focused on long-term goals?
This guy looks like the real life [NAME]
Out of curiosity, why won’t you play Odyssey?
oh man I gotta do the twitter thing How about I promise to donate when he runs He should run
Your funny, thanks
angel delight is my everything
Hence a law is needed. Heck, they passed a law to stop telemarketers because they were annoying! Time to do it for TV!!
Wow that’s like - sound porn.
Thanks for posting this! And happy cake day!
The [NAME], a great bunch of lads
@majesticmata didn't even realise you used that insult it was that shit mate
Shit okey I think I’m ready
... Not really how that works but I'm not going to change your mind.
Yeah being up by 20 every game does that unfortunately
Why do people think the "tide pod challenge" was a real thing and not just a meme?
For what a beautiful day. #elated #elated
My aunt and I are kind of doing the remedial training together and I can't wait to get on his back.
Sounds like you may be demisexual? I know I am. Just wouldn't be able to be casually intimate with someone personally
It’s gotten ridiculous—no sense of right or wrong! That official calling it a “malicious return” makes no sense. If travel wasn’t allowed, no one would be let go—so how’s it malicious? Illogical! Saying such things shows a lack of education. How can he be an official?
Exactly all I hear is about [NAME] and [NAME] and nothing about [NAME] it is crazy.
Yeah but vanilla ice cream has a Super Bowl ring and regular trips to the playoffs.
So is she worth switching from Skye
Ahhh, my birthday month. I must go..
FQ looks pretty good so far. Do not disrespect Notorious POB.
They are so old and so predictable that they can NOT see how “silly” they look when they post articles like this......
A lot of virgins would reject the label.
Which one is it?
Ah, victory
I actually feel assaulted by this video.
That was the chillest Sharks GDT against an Eastern Conference team in a while.
Is that [NAME]?
Before Lao Mo died, he flipped the detonator switch upward — afraid it might fall and explode. Maybe he, too, longed for light.
I believe it
Damn this sounds like a former friend of mine. She doesn’t get instant validation on things and flips out. Cut negative people out OP.
Remember, the little accident with black panthers nomination...
It was hairless and covered in gray skin.
@BBCPolitics @BBCNews I'd rather leave my child with @BorisJohnson
This is amazing. This is how Christmas should be.
I'm seeing the error using Chrome both on MacOs Desktop and Android. I'm glad it seems to just be me though. Apologies for the snarkiness.
No, but I won't be surprised the Day I see him yelling at the top of his lung to "NUKE THESE *INSERT RACIAL SLUR*"
Love how they all claim no one pays any attention to the comments then acknowledge a comment section personality.
And it keeps rumbling... now we know why no one had gone to jail yet!
Gotten death threats and people compare me to flat earthers.
Have fun!
Interesting. Can you give some examples?
Trash princess makes me imagine a possum with a little tiara.
I’m desperate for it. I once got to lie in bed with a girl friend a couple times. That was cool. But we barely touched.
Can the Ark be filled to the brim with animals? I would love to Dynamite two of every kind.
I'd steal that!... just as cool.
It’s like bombs over Baghdad to a whole new level... I LOVE IT!!
This is going to be the last episode with my Latina goddess [NAME] 🌹😭
do you even need to ask of course we need to support her if we dont who the hell will?
Are you hoping to dm or play? I won't say to to a new group!
A programmer’s wisdom is understanding the difference between getting program to run and having a runnable program.  #puppy #puppy
I love Arkansas. /s.
oh shoot, im sorry to hear that. was it someone close to you?
He loved [NAME] "old man in a park" painting!
So beautiful 💕
Are you in Twitter with a similar s/n? I feel like I remember this name when I’ve been posting about teen mom 😂
Thanks for admitting your a slob
Insensitive tweets don't help, though.
Significantly better in my estimation. [NAME] = [NAME] [NAME] = [NAME]
Ayyy you're welcome! x)
Never listen to songs with someone you love. Just don't. Trust me.
I'm also happy you're still here!!
@KylieSpearsXo Happy birthday to you #beautiful Kylie! 🤗😙❤🎁🎂🥂 #beautiful
I recommend here a kind of jazz bar that enjoy a meal and drink. Famous place in seoul
That may not be their choice anymore
Please no.
Wasn't there some sort of human Cylon orgy in The Plan or am I misremembering? Because I have bad memories of [NAME] and sexytimes.
i think that's more 10 years old rather than year 10 :)
You forgot about cats. They’re all talking about their cats.
I have a really nice tempurpedic one and about 6 king sized fluffy ones that I use to just fall asleep hugging
One good girl is worth twenty hoes - G - Easy
Omg, unbelievably scary. Insane
I don’t know man I feel like this goal is just a combination of unluckiness
I love how the tires are Raiders logo
At SkyZone with the kid getting some energy out. Next up is a dentist visit...ugh
I'm Black, 43. I read books, p/u my kids from school....'My prayer is that u wl lv a long, fulfilling, joyous, peaceful, GOD-pleasing life!
Lacking data—experts only “estimate.” Without quantified data, rumors spread easily, and rebuttals lack evidence.
I be trying to not stay playing madden and 2k 17 but its just so addictive 😭😭
Aren't people wonderful?
Keeps going tho. Kids got heart
“[NAME] make y'famous tonight, buddy!” 🤣 Anyway, no manger for him!
r/puns might appreciate this. I know I did!
Going through this, tonight, right now, and it SUCKS
Someone needs to start listening to @OssoKXLY about #AllStarGame2017 ideas. #brilliant @700espn #allstargame2017 #brilliant
why does this feel like rightwing propaganda made because they are pant shittingly terrified of her...
omg, poor little bean
Srs glad she's going to stop cancering herself
We don't have any options. Having said that I think [NAME] should have started.
I have to be a complete part of his life and his heart.
Yes, absolutely. "But woe to the one who betrays me. It would have been better for that man, if he had never been born."
#RIPKara i could have seen her at a local mall or any school football games. im disheartened #ripkara
But as a flamboyant bi, [NAME] is my god.
Oh what a day! What a lovely day!
> Skyshout overly dramatic, you think they let the paramedic shake it, or is it a Dr skill?
Buddy you are mad online right now. Take a deep breath or a Xanax
Thanks again.
Good lord, do you not remember "Thanks Obama" where everyone fake blamed [NAME] for everything bad?
I just realized that I have stitches in my mouth.
This just looks like it’s actually from porn lol what is the original context
Number 20 to the rafters.
I am a 34-year-old lover of plushies. You are in good company, my friend.
No, you're supposed to get angry and yell that you're right when someone corrects you
So you abandoned your Russian heritage for... what, exactly? The things you are describing are the result of the west screwing Russia over.
RNG gear is a solid no from me.
Hell yeah! I can't wait for the rust to break off and for people to be as excited as they were years ago.
I got diagnosed with severe-extreme depression and I didn't know there was a difference between those two lol
Haha I had to use an analogy that rang with the older generation as well as the connection it has to social media.
Thanks. I was diagnosed with BP 1 after the hospitalization as well.
That's the kind of problem a physical therapist is more qualified to handle. Good luck
I actually really like [NAME]
Your report about that seven-year-old boy is way too biased! What’s behind it? Foreign organizations?
haha thanks, let me know how it goes when you use it.
@alexis_maxwell #bitter hahaha just kidding. its crazy tho #bitter
You're not, because I don't either. But I can still search Twitter. You know what else I found? Your evidence was deleted.
EXACTLY. gimme some muscly arms and a little bit of a belly. I'd take that over a rock hard body any day of the week.
...do you know who owns the Metro? E: It's wholey owned by the Daily Mail Group
If we get past the "scraps" problem I might lose interest though cause then I'll have plenty of stuff.
While I agree with you for the most part, I also have cats and upholstered furniture.
So, being human — happiness matters most. Have you finished what you planned today? This year? That’s the only thing that truly matters.
Men find that attractive because it's distinctly feminine. Well, let me add, women who love women love it for the same reason.
Happy cake day bro... or ma'am. You have to see this to really take it in.
I would also have all this issues if I looked myself in the mirror dressing like that
Hawaiian shaved ice is THE BEST!!!!
Exactly, last year was frustrating with our [NAME] awful home record.
Thank you so much!!! You are truly a lifesaver
[NAME], what? That's pretty hilarious and disgusting.
There's an online service we had to upload everything to that checks it against all the other uploads it has received worldwide to detect plagiarism.
@Pamela_Moore13 @Ginlefebvre @BarackObama yes exactly &amp; he's sold out this country to #terror while #lying to cover it up #terror #lying
Dear Governor of Louisana, 2009 NFCCG That is all Now take the L
Too bad I do/
Does their product need sexual content to sell? The boss must be odd — such little faith in his own goods.
I just discovered her today and I love her music
football is my best cope. its like chess to me
NL West had 3 teams in the playoffs in 2017 and 2 in 2018......wtf you on about
Downvoting in hopes it will make this news go away
How did Detroit quality for these trade exemptions? By sending 4 guys and acquiring only two in the [NAME] trade?
thats just an unpopular opinion, and legally wrong.
Take a really cold bath before you go to class.
Well fuck. I didn't think anybody cared at all...it's order than that?
CBA's app is atrocious. I had to set it up on my mother's new iPhone and it was a nightmare.
Tell us more about this "scaring people as a prank hobby" bit.
When the gov shut down under [NAME] many were calling for his resignation. This is similar, but people already hate [NAME] so obviously people are more angry.
I’d have rated 4.5
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **10th Cakeday** likebigbuttons! ^(hug)
Not sad enough fo here the skeleton is dead so he can't comit sucide
I encountered a shark whilst hiking last year. He wasn’t the least bit interested.
Nice! You and her would get along i bet. She loves her crafty machines and creative people. 😇
Ellie just gave me loads of gifts with notes on em for uni n I burst out in tears, I LOVE HER😩
Clouds aren’t pale they’re translucent but ok 👌🏽
I'm with you. Would this news surprise me? Absolutely not. But I'm not believing anything regarding this subject unless it comes from [NAME] himself
Well done dude! Seriously :) But keep it up, don't lose this momentum.
Given the politics of the time that wasn't unreasonable
i hate the idea of not making progress, it breaks my heart to see time being wasted away, standing still-i hate the idea that i can not see the world.
I feel like no one is out there on #Twitter  for me.... can anyone see what I write #sadness #rants #twitter #sadness #rants
It’s not you. These subs are terrible. Even beautiful women get insulted on there ugh
you’re too lazy to google
That’s actually a great idea. I didn’t even think of that.
>Morality is always subjective because morality is decided by people/society. Congratulations, you’ve found the worst take ever.
People love him on Yelp:-)
Omg I think I laughed way harder at this than I should have!! 🤣💍
No thats [NAME]....
I um like your username
Entire room goes silent.
I hope this becomes regular for you both. 👍🏾👍🏾
Wuming also launched a digital info war — his fans jumped out like clowns.
/r/keto too believe it or not.
My 4 month old just got her second round of shots, so yeah, we feel you. Hope you're able to get a good rest!!
>Any [NAME] who is married will skip her Well just for fun let's talk for a moment. Going to send you a PM.
Lol! I’m glad you feel lucky because you are! Could you imagine dealing with the continuous flipping back and forth between desire and guilt? 😬
She doesnt mind! I'm her favorite person!
Yikes. This kind of freaks me out.
If we’re not taking QB then we’re taking edge or defensive line. Honestly as simple as that. *Especially* with [NAME] as GM
But they did they say excited to bring their current roster to Columbus...
@sophieathertonn @lillynewtonx That's actually awful! You are in for a treat when you get home tho!!
Not one single figure anywhere to be seen. Reminds me of auld Soviet propaganda. "The harvest is up" "People happier than ever"
I tried my best to keep my revulsion hidden, for things like that tend to turn my stomach, especially when the vendors claim that it is art.
I took offense to this because as a supervisor I wanted my team to be in good spirits and wanted them to love coming in to work and doing good things for the mission.
Also a throwback to when [NAME] bathed.
oh, it's free with prime now, added to watch list.
Was waiting for them to do it again with him out of the truck
I was surprised to see [NAME] towing the line on his show.
Luis Ortiz ducked by Ustinov which means fights off, and he left @GoldenBoyBoxing future not looking to bright for Ortiz #boxing #boxing
I never watched any [NAME] films, so. That.
The point we're making isn't that it IS an alt-right position, but that only the alt-right would pretend it is.
I like my coons too
It is possible to be a shitbag and also suffer the unfair competition of organized conglomerates of shitbags. Besides, OP wasn't referring to all independent farmers.
So either the dog is sick or the owner has non-trivial mental illnesses.
Funny, no. Unsurprising, yes.
You know the first thing they're going to ask "so, are you hungry?"
Just so you know, I think the other responder is a nut & you were right the 1st time!
Wow. That'll teach you to try and help!
Bold of you to post [NAME] art on Tenko's BDay. I approve.
@ErinAndrews I ❤️you on DWTS You make my night every show! 😘 #hilarious #hilarious
Not only Russia will use this technologie.
You are welcome! I am so happy it worked :))
Will WHU be old bill free by the time the game with Chelsea comes around? 😂 😂 😂\nThat will be lively to say the least\n#AFC
Chaintip is coming back, it's just taking me a while!
Ah [NAME]..... wept like a baby
Never made it through, it makes me physically ill just seeing images of that monster combined with him describing his incomprehensible evil.
Better yet, get rid of them if they are non-essential. Why are my tax dollars paying for worthless jobs?
Thank you, man🌱
Lol.... i guess your personal experience explains everything.... personally I've seen this play out numerous times in the work place..... so.....
Slightly too pissed off with this comment to merely downvote. Not angry enough to begin tirade. Lunchbreak ruined.
Ill send the dankest of fresh memes so theyll scurry off to steal them
I'm personally curious why we didnt get a video bit from him. Is he natty or bust? His stuff is great
Sometimes the support network is causing the damage. \n\n#support #Damaged #alone #tired #lost #hurt #nojustice #depression #surivivor #NoMore #damaged #alone #tired #lost #hurt #nojustice #depression #surivivor #nomore
Looking for a deserted island and packing up lots of books.
He claimed surv cuz he didn't want to be shot by the vig
Gonna be sad when Gameday is inside a gym for shooty hoops. I already miss CFB :(
I disagree with all of what you just said but I am in the same booooaaaaat.
[NAME] IS SO HAPPY AND SO AM I!! Edit: [NAME] I see you, relax
@88Palouseriver @ABC @NRA I rejoice everything time some moron is taken out of the genetics pool.
As a fellow artists and raised by an N I just want to say congrats.
Sometimes the best motivations come from 'proving them wrong' #energy  #MotivationalQuotes #energy #motivationalquotes
And you assume they are part of the dominant culture because of the color of their skin. That is self evident racism.
Modern buildings are horrible.. I’ve felt like this before. Stars and birds still fill me with a sense of wonder most often.
So many nice things here. Good vibes. Enjoy your cake day and weekend. ✌
Except for the part where it grows in with that awful shape people make because they can only see themselves in the mirror.
*Agrees in [NAME].*
Yeah but scary brown people. Ever thought of that libtard? /s ^just ^^in ^^^case
That one little girl with her jersey, nearly jumping out of her own skin to get a high 5 is adorable.
Props to YOU for being so appreciative, sir. :) You don't often see it. Good luck out there!
Good job, white truck! Don't use the damn shoulder to pass!
Oh I wish that was how everyone thought. Unfortunately it's not.
Can a gang member legally citizen arrest someone 🤔
I think the comment is highly relevant, thank you for posting it.
That's very disturbing to be honest, casually admitting you'd turn to cannibalism...? Ehhh
All the time
Same here. I kept listening to the damn puns.
I had a huge crush on the lead singer back in the day. Still have no idea what this song is about but love it.
Omg yes. Could you imagine? Pepperoni rolls, peach schnapps in a mason jar and beer cheese at dinner parties. Love it
That head must hurt!
These are some of the best movies to watch high (esp Butterfly Effect)
Oh that’s terrifying
Thank you. I truly apologize for breaking the rules and I appreciate you making an exception!
£10 for copy pasting a wall of text from /r/gamerghazi? Why would I want to do that.
They had me in a pile, and my head was down.
I dated a guy from Steamboat Springs Colorado who used to do this. He had an immune system made of steel but it was absolutely disgusting.
*losing hope Loose is what your mom is
UP students really out there raging against tuition collection #freeeducationnow #freeeducationnow
What a great shitpost. How did he even come up with this
Thankyou! Good luck with your search! An AP is out there for you!
its all fun, until one pissed off owner with a lot of money to burn files tampering charges against [NAME] and [NAME], and takes them to court
Yeah but people are dumb and mesh everything together because thinking about specific situations is clearly too hard
I'm sorry I like to actually spell things out
I don’t understand why people give gold to crossposts. You deserve all the upvotes.
If this data were exportable in CSV format. I would love this website long time. (Github link for feature contributions maybe?)
Awesome, thanks. Great answer.
suck me beautiful
I've used Dey Know as my alarm clock song throughout college #RIPShawtyLo #ripshawtylo
[NAME] “Good! It’s such a distraction to the team!”
Hi from a former [NAME]! Enjoy all the snow this weekend, we're barely getting anything in Iowa, which is frankly ridiculous.
In the 1st quarter too. I love it.
Horrible night for dodo
Some fragile egos seem very upset at the ad. womp, womp.
Ugh [NAME] is like when your ex-girlfriend suddenly gets really hot. I can't even look at him.
Sounds like your location overall sucks. Have you ever thought about getting a work visa elsewhere with a more accepting attitude?
Over 70% of social sharing is dark &amp; over 50% of web traffic comes from #darksocial. @colinzalewski #LIFTSocial #darksocial #liftsocial
Another place Canada wins. That is crazy. There is basically no oversight on alternative medicine down here. Caveat emptor I guess.
Still an ad hominem and not a legitimate argument or counterpoint :)
I'm honestly surprised you haven't been banned yet.
Silence echoed in my head.
It’s an 05 and we don’t know when the battery was last repacked lol
Love your new show @driverminnie  #hilarious #hilarious
Totally agree! My head hurts — I’m not going anywhere, not spending a dime, not meeting anyone! Adjusted holidays just create trouble and chaos! I’ll just space out! Space out!
Hopefully you will be ok.
Tbh I've never found the porn ads arousing, I've usually found them annoying, stupid, really clickbaity, or hilariously cheesy
I don’t understand WHY the [NAME] are so stubborn on this issue. They’re just like the [NAME] on abortion. Damn the facts!
Either way, I am afraid his marriage is over. She doesn't respect him anymore...
Midland has a ton of smart people. A lot of petroleum engineers.
Most of the people on top aren't even very relevant anymore, at least not nearly as relevant as they used to be
Can't drink all day if u don't start in the morning .. Drake gets me 😛
IMO 90% of articles on the internet, or in newspapers or TV news, are placed by PR firms. Only children don't know this.
Thank you, I didn't know about this sub but I'm subscribing immediately
Sydney is not for you
That helps. I would've never guessed you'd style mannequins.
Female here - Personally, I would love a text that says "I had a good time tonight! Would love to see you again."
Timing, most important part of a joke. The what's
Siri "calling mom would be sad"
I use group up but there's a group up for healing prompt? I'm on console and I don't think I've seen it
@DSDambuster just finally started #homefronttherevolution, what did you all do the story and gameplay??? #terrible #wasteofmoney #homefronttherevolution #terrible #wasteofmoney
my computer is a potato but im just curious how do i check for memory leaks on a mac? i lag on a lot of games
@_JESSICAVIDAL_ Just pour it down the sink and let him drink you.
@CBSBigBrother never bring back Meech and Bridgette. Crying because someone looks at you? Ugh, and Bridgette. #bitter #bitter
Damn why you gotta do my man [NAME] like that?
Grandmas knees are burning up
That's gonna be a no from me dawg
That's not an explanation of why it would be undemocratic.
Thank you [NAME] for helping us keep our wisdom!
Isn’t that the plot from truth or dare?
@LisaAsquithtobe @craig8710 @WayneHaselden @june65wigan everyone is against wigan because we are the biggest club #bitter #bitter
@phil500 \nSo sadden \nSpunky a beautiful dog\nA sad story a lovely happy\nAn loved dog \nPlay little one have fun you\nare so loved
They're not going to read their UserVoice anyways. It's a PR stunt.
I was wishing the same!
Thanks for finding out! That's cool
Those refs were terrible, god damn. GG Buckeyes, it was much closer than the score suggests.
I want commit die
That is the first positive thing I’ve ever read about NJ transit.
One of things I loved about this subreddit is the use of the old school meme format
I'm with you, pulju has been looking dangerous lately
I did this and I regret nothing.
I 👏 can 👏 only 👏 communicate 👏 while 👏 clapping 👏 👏 👏 👏 👏
Oh such a embarrassing mistake, or was it?
If only I could bake a cake...or do anything productive when I'm feeling low confidence. I just lay in my bed and stop moving.
I’m thinking it’s from when she was abused when she was pregnant and lost the baby.
Remember how we always joke about being willing to buy GameStop for like $3.50? Looks like the other corporations said the same thing.
Thx! Keep waiting for her to take over and say NERF THIS
Oi! It was my turn to post that this hour!
That's so great! Plus it feels good to know I helped Pfizer make $5B last year on Prevnar 13.
meeting tiff at the mall soon, congrats on getting that L babes❣
How shit and depressing is this weather wish I can travel the world for a living
You know what I meant you bastard. 😛
Glad that you have the courage to make the call.
Because it was a terrible idea.
Yeah, sure, but it's beatable. It's made to be beaten, not otherwise. That's what I meant with my speech.
I heard Netflix was cutting a bunch of content so I'm going to cancel and drop all the content myself! 4d chess move baby!
@WunderlistHelp are you guys still down? When can we go up? #panic #panic
I'm 21 and I've slept with dozens of girls.
I got the same call, voicemail was definitely Chinese but I deleted it and marked the number as Spam/Blocked
This is a throwback game. So many plays in the low post
I don't think Luca understands how serious I am about Fall....he has no idea what's in store for him 😂😂
> Bittersweet Poetry That's a bonus track on some international versions of Graduation, so it is an album track 😇
"Even if that were true, do you think it justifies not trying at all?"
My dad, born in the year of the dragon, keeps exploding in anger for no reason this year — my mom’s so fed up. I told her 2022 will get better~
First, we lack official data channels to reduce public panic. Early on, even fever meds were sold out, so rumors about diarrhea spread — people didn’t want to line up sick again. Second, we don’t read journals, prefer short videos, so misinformation spreads. Thanks to this blogger’s science post, I could stop others from hoarding antidiarrheals.
Prayers for Dipo you guys. Just had a gruesome injury
>The ABC’s hard-hitting investigation :/ Such a sad article.
At least she had a great experience
Trust me, if its a person you have feelings for and she/ he just wants your body, thats really painful.
Thank you all for the karma I’ve gotten!
Is the fruit named after the colour, though, or is the colour named after the fruit?
He missed out on a golden kid. You should be proud of yourself, congrats!
@PeteSpencer007 Are you always so relentlessly positive? Your constantly cheerful optimistic disposition starts to grate after a while.
Someone did. The person who impregnated them. Humans don't reproduce asexually, you can't just make yourself pregnant
Unlike him, I can make AI.
The best for a reason.
Sonofabitch that makes it so much better [NAME] Edit: you talking about this?
> he fingers my bumhole like he's trying to get the last Pringles out of the tube. My favourite line
Oh, I definitely got muted, too.
If my luck the rest of Fall goes anything like today, I think I'm going to like this season. #bestdayever #magic #work #snap #bestdayever #magic #work #snap
Yep, minimizing massively
Is this from “Please Like Me”? I loved that show. The last season had me in tears though. Really hard to watch. 😢
Hahahahah, I will consider
Can’t wait to go!
We need to end the nonsense of objectivity in teaching. Students need to hear how educated adults think.
So the police looked for footprints first.
thank [NAME] that period is over, pretty sure the lightning had like -89 shots that period
Thanks. It’s extremely hard to keep in mind
> I don't see how a business can "block"
You're thinking of the mirror universe from Star Trek, not [NAME]. Easy mistake to make, I guess.
Nononononoyes their doing this knowing that they are going to kill the bull no matter what, he deserves it.
Nothing that comes to the top of my mind right at this moment, sorry.
@Babylonian I convinced my mom to watch it. Killgrave gave her literal nightmares, but watched last episode four times.
#BridgetJonesBaby is the best thing I've seen in ages! So funny, I've missed Bridget! #love #hilarious #TeamMark #bridgetjonesbaby #love #hilarious #teammark
Aww man this sucks, but at least he’s going to Europe, so I’m happy for him! Goodbye [NAME]!
Good luck!
Yeah almost as unfunny as your mom 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I wished my mom protected me from my grandma. She was a horrible person who was so mean to me and my mom.
"every time she was in trouble I was there for her" - the man who caused most of her troubles
Good to know! *Makes note to Grand Revenge Scheme draft 2.doc to only slash three of the ex's tires*
Do you think each worker looks after only one child?
Impractical Jokers...practically genius!!!  @BQQuinn  #good4thesoul #ImpracticalJokers #bingewatching #good4thesoul #impracticaljokers #bingewatching
The land is safe again — welcome home, heroes! Without your sacrifice, there’d be no strong nation or happy people. Rest assured, we’ll remember you forever, love our country, and cherish our lives.
this is a truly remarkable and informative documentary, and well worth setting aside an evening to watch.
[NAME] comment has me laughing
Thanks for posting that. I’d thought that I had seen all the Rice footage in existence. Good stuff.
But it does? Admittedly it does take a couple days and a few friendly reminders
Can we get a guard too? This is my dream.
Yeah let’s sit this one out.
You go back to school... Except this time you don't qualify for ANY financial aid, because you already have a degree
It feels like an ironic meme. How is this not ironic?
This is amazing. Thank you for posting the link.
Oh Ye of little faith.
The clothing comes in individual plastic bag from manufacture, but I do agree with the plastic packaging for the jewelry. That amount of plastic is unnecessary.
Quit being a panzy and just have a laugh
I can finally block Post Mallone and all that repetitive weird rap that ppl play on my Spotify during parties.
My ex asked me to tell her my steam password..... With more than 6000€ worth of stuff on it. No thanks.
How about as a whole we just hate snow
@HutchinsonDave I don't know whether to despair or agitate for a cull.
at least it wasn’t the evil [NAME].
@JDMHatch_G @A34Bart @IOInteractive @Ravenclaww04 @Hitman This is an attitude that makes me beam with delight every time I encounter it.
Careful, now. Suggesting this kind of dialogue at Google is what got [NAME] fired.
I’d love some actual lore relating to OW as a whole not just slapping names on single characters once every 6 months
Putting on head phones with a neutral song
There are so many posts from [NAME] on here it makes me wonder what people think wholesome means.
China is imperialist, but having private industry and poor-working conditions doesn’t make it imperialist.
Amazing — you were the ones crying and shouting to reopen, and now you’re the ones mocking it after reopening. Am I right? Are you folks from Beijing?
What a sad evening - clearing out all of Harvey's cage and belongings. Now so final. Goodbye my little man.... #depressing #depressing
Amen. Although sometimes you look up and have to look back down before you lose the wood
I think you also underestimate how big Chelsea has become, especially in the States
And Subway fired you for taking too long of a break... To talk to a make-believe 6 yo
Thank you for clarifying. I was just thinking about how picky a lot of my family is (adults as much as kids).
I know that's what she said they dont repackage they have to toss them so instead she brought them home
Its an unpopular opinion because it kind of makes you sound lika a douchebag and its lowkey homophobic edit:meant to reply to [NAME]
I’m sorry and I hope you are better now than when you were in the marriage.
oh id love to hear it if you ever find it. he is one of my all time favorite authors
Seen as Child abuse in some places. Not illegal but judges hate it. No matter the sex.
See the Imperial Sourcebook from West End Games. That right there will show just how awful a regime the Empire was.
Problem is as soon as someone criticises Israel they jump up and down and scream anti semitism
Yes applaud the atheist and slam your brothers in the apostolic faith, way to go.
Wow, well I think that game just aged me 5 years...
I can't wait for this capslock variation thing to die out.
It is litterally happening under your eyes.
I'm betting my life savings she makes it all the way through and gets a relative happy ending :)
Anyone have a clip of [NAME]’ three?
I dunno man. Guitar picks and baby pacifiers both seem to enter the quantum realm as soon as their dropped.
That thread is awesome. I can't believe it's this guy that unites us all
That look is exactly like my Waffle House. And the one past that and a town over.
thanks for the thoughtful reply. but yeah I guess its mostly a pipe dream! I wish someone would post some detailed ideas and replies like this!
@PunishedSnek in the final analysis, the non-white global majority will not fret over the ethnic origin of our corpses.
This is a test, now YOU have to give away that gold. Your donor was a cruel benefactor.
What a douche canoe to take advantage of you like that.
I wish harry would start tweeting people again
Glad to see [NAME] are finally admitting they are babies who are unable to take care of themselves.
I never saw this tweet. That just about clears it up then
It's good to see that the rich are being cured of this. :) As for the poor, we can just burn them for fuel.
*Patiently awaits AFL*
could you live upstate? Maybe take the truck home with you and live close to the pick up terminal?
It's like watching her do it an infinite amount of times with her saying to herself: what am I doing wrong?
It's mostly what kids are enjoying at the time. I know I associate Minecraft with my little brother would watch cringey Minecraft YouTube videos all day
What a poor woman who only wanted to tell someone what to do.
I don’t think that would be an issue with [NAME]. He doesn’t seem like work ethic is his problem
Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
When I get a brain freeze, I grab my chest and throat. Very painful. Then i keep eating.
Well look at the bright side. You found a use for that rope #TipsToSurviveAPowerOutage #tipstosurviveapoweroutage
How i wish i was there rn.
I will never forgive and never forget for this one
Oh my [NAME], this is an absolute lie.
Anything that moves us away from the 5 man push meta on SnD. Playing SnD without stuns and nades hasn’t felt right.
A 2-day old account, and this is how you decided to use your time? Trolling the teacher subreddit? Ok dude...
this is amazing and you have the cutest voice i’ve ever heard :>
It was at least boiling temperature last night.
If I’m ever like that, suffocate me with a pillow.
Addressed this elsewhere but I was mistaken. Thanks for the correction.
Omg what simple brilliance. The nbme is a waste of time!? Genius!
@Gotham3 ~ Crushes are for kids! Just like trix. \rHow bout some full blown up Love that makes you quiver deep down into your core? Y E S *=*
That works too. To each their own.
Oh my god, okay.
My opponent froze the timer, my match was only 1 second! Also ty.
Ha ha, that's absolutely fair enough. :)
Thank you for not making a cake day shit post
Oh poor guy. That’s so sad. I can see why she is an ex friend.
Yeah I feel like we’d be able to do *something*, just not sure what... I find it interesting as hell though!
Weird I can relate to this but in the same time I can't relate to this
Soon to be the 5th best prospect.
Does the law say traveling from high-risk areas is illegal??? Can you detain people without legal process???
The carpool part!! The beauty of kids haha
Lol squidward has vibes similiar to dxm vibes imo
Drives to work, realizes its a holiday because nobody answers their phones. Still stuck at work... nothing to do. We dont get paid holidays :(
lol, you dieded
Still looks pretty delicious, makes me really want an omelette rn tbh
This is awesome! Does anyone know if an EST version is available?
Some people have thin skin and are unequipped with dealing with backlash.
Bes! You don't just tell a true blooded hoopjunkie to switch a f*c@n' team that juz destroyed your own team. You juz don't!
I really love this suggestion. Thank you!
House almost burned down the weekend they were out of town.
Good question. Have seen him quite a bit. I love his coverage.
Thanks, your comments made me laugh.
Wow. Instant retirement money...
Actually, if anything, my dad always comments about how honest and straight forward my generation is compared to his generation.
i hope i can go my way to my fullest potential one day^^
Yeah, a couple of quick ones. Seems to be back now (obviously).
Feels like hitreg in general is pretty poor lately.
Or better yet, live through it and then have nightmares and paranoia the rest of your life
The only ignorant person here is you, and the Pope who makes the same baseless claims as you.
He’s soft. No heart.
I basically know nothing about him, not even how to pronounce his name.
I had a guy who just kept jumping off the bridge in Eichenwald to his death over and over.. in a placement match.. WHY!
Better start believing in miracles then! LOL
YES! I LOVE Olaplex :)
A good thing about being sick is that coughing is like an ab workout. Maybe my abs will be more defined by the time I'm better 😂😅 #optimism #optimism
"Man is still the most extraordinary machine of all...And women are even cooler" - [NAME]
I just got there and saw "Chicken Pox" When the image is about smallpox
you keep telling yourself that - now go back to sleep before you embarrass yourself even more
That is a face i do not want to wake up to in the morning
Me too. It’s my favorite. His cadence in saying it is so perfect lol.
They got ripped apart here (On Reddit) a few weeks ago for passing false information on aircraft videos and taking legit criticism poorly.
@StrongestBeing ←would furrow and her face would redden as she protests; it would seem that being seen as unattractive in Wukong's eyes was→
I think it's the caption and emojis that really make this terrible. Otherwise, this would be posted on r/funny and reach the front page
We should definitely ignore it and blame it on California.
What a nice [NAME] sentiment!
You are BOTH awful people.
Railway is supposed to be a service industry, right? First time I’ve seen this—when trains are canceled due to pandemic or disaster, you charge 25% for refunds? That’s not what you used to say.
It's bad enough to break into a house, but snooping and stealing from a friend?! r/trashy r/iamatotalpieceofshit Hope you have better luck with friends in the future!
My stress levels are really too high. Let Tuesday bring some good news...
Yeah, I mentioned some of that elsewhere in this thread.
Welcome to the club. You'll notice that I didn't say anything about degrees or certification, just the quality of your understanding.
#LMFAO @MSNBC 's #racepimp Tamron Hall used the words 'fscts' and 'MSNBC' in the same sentence  #libtard #biasedmedia #neverHillary #lmfao #racepimp #libtard #biasedmedia #neverhillary
Ok but it’s easy to worry when the legal drinking age in your nation is one of the lowest among first-world countries.
Lmfao is that bexey wtffffff ahahhahahaha
I take care of my kids!
The best way is killing people that don't know you. Also you could steal some things so the cops think that it was a robbery
Can I do this just by calling my provider? I didn’t know that I could do that
At the same time liberals are lining up to applaud [NAME] for how incredibly woke they are...
If there is an ordered psychological work-up, will it be 3 days and 3 nights and will they decide if she needs to stay longer? thank you
So you have your twin 6'9 215 pound forwards playing different positions? Interesting gm'ing. I see why the Hornets are so terrible.
Checking in from Nashville, a merged city-county that’s thriving precisely because it’s a merged city/county.
Nobody said you don't have the right lmao
Michelle, who did NOTHING is hating on Nicole's game hahaha....  #bb18 #bb18
Or more aptly "OHHHHH FUUUUUuuuck" As you see me run away.
What a turnaround.
Most likely it’s not a tumour since cancerous tumours aren’t usually painful. You still should go check it out ASAP.
That’s a fuckin budgie. You gotta be a moron at birds to not know that. That’s like Bird Basics 101.
tape up those laptop cams y’all
It’s hard to take the tweet seriously with that font 😂
Bless your heart
You are definently not in the wrong because you didnt actually him. Also does your brother get any special privledges that you dont?
The most hatful crowd is not the lefties. Lefties may be annoying but hate as such is a tool used by the right much more skillfully and forcefully.
I wish I could believe in myself
Holy hell I hate them so much.
[NAME] just stopped getting the ball in the 4th quarter and stood in the corner
“You”. Netflix. Thank me later. Hang in there <3
This definitely was what I was thinking too. With the things that go on nowadays, I wouldnt be suprised!
whoa, mama mia, boy
You’re buying a hipster truck then demanding INVOICE PORT PDICE. If they don’t broom you won’t get a survey for sure lol
Man, that sounds like a big stuff around. Good luck getting it sorted
That made me laugh and if my mum’s mind was still here she’d laugh too!
Ooh! Ooh! I want to lose more than 5-10 vanity pounds! (...wink wink)
I think of [NAME] hot dogs. I hate that I love them so much.
I love having a deep bench, and being able to have really solid players step in when we have injuries. [NAME] was solid.
Two horrible cunts
I audibly gasped
I was so scared to click that. Yet I did.
Honestly, who can finish a venti frappuccino? Before it melts, anyways.
If children live with #ridicule, they learn to feel  #ridicule
Δ sorry I completely forgot about these, but yeah you definitely changed my view
Just read up on that guy, not sure he changed that much since his conversion unfortunately.
It would certainly improve some services (like transit) but would piss off enough people of both cities that I can't imagine anyone proposing it.
Also put icecream under the taco for a nice sundae suprise 👍
Wow, my favorite artist and my favorite basketball player. This video is next level 🌊
Get her a gigolo. You don’t stop liking sex when you’re old
Thank you anyway! I’m 30 and I don’t get a lot of these things.
but what about my insecurities.
Why would you miss school because your dad is in the hospital? Plot hole like you read about.
Ok, so my pet alligator's tank is directly across from my pillow... the second I opened my eyes this morning at 6 am, the absolute first thing I see is my alligator in the CORNER of his tank staring directly at me.
Sorry. Was hard to understand for me as well.
Yea this seems to be a common view actually.
I feel like they could just be renamed by the stream + commentators. If the player refused to play then I think they just wouldn't play.
What the fuck is The Baffler? I can't even go there at work.
I'm not even a funny one tho
looks like we got a double win today!!
Worst case, Grab an Uber or Lyft to another dealership.
Only until recently, that being said, I’m really glad. Run the scum over.
Extremely relatable.
She’s all natural
Was it a promo for the cross overs?
Being the best [NAME] in SC2 was like being the best [NAME] in basketball.
Man, I want to see a Polandball of this now
I am! And I have no idea! Lol sorry. I have some of my own and I couldn't even name them to you.
Ummm mdma or x would never make someone this violent. She was under the influence of something cut with meth
The coolest of beans my friend
I wouldn't want to take any of his medals away but lets also not act like he was instrumental in either.
[NAME] always looks like he just got handed a test and he realized he studied all the wrong material.
Lol “this is my opinion and it is very true.” You said opinion, didn’t you?
Let’s get some shoes!
Luckiest I’ve been is getting the toy I actually wanted from a McDonald’s happy meal.
This is bloody disgusting.
I’m so sorry to hear that! 😂😂😂
[NAME] and I play with people with 400 plus spm and still play noobs please stop the excuses if you’re getting wrecked you just suck
Never knew that, explains why she was working so hard for the banks all this time.
My hand hurt so bad afterwards.
I think learning classical or ancient Japanese might help me get myself permanently out of depression. I sometimes suffer from sudden
Yay let’s grow that black market...that will definitely make it safer
What do you do for work?
Thank you so so so much. Best of luck to you. We deserve the kind of live we give others.
This is why I worry about you sometimes
No, my family insists on visiting relatives every New Year… and I hate it the most… we’re barely close, it’s always awkward and boring.
this is my worst fear
I wish. But sadly my job relies on other people so I just can't be the sole person
This one is my favorite.
[NAME] game sucks. He's good at comps but his strategic game is awful
. . . Wait a fucking second
> busy blasting stuff with plasma Sound like more fun.
> I'm not really sure why my post got you so mad Because he’s one of the guys we’re talking about.
This is terrifying. Good luck to you and your family. Hopefully they figure out who the creepers are very soon.
Awe poor guy! He still has a sweet face even with the new addition. Glad they were ok.
It took me way too long to realize that was a claw and not just a smashy thing.
That’s hilarious until you do this to an iced up meth head and you get stabbed.
Well tickle me pink. Thanks for following up, I enjoyed the read.
Old saying 'A #smile shared is one gained for another day' @YEGlifer @Scott_McKeen #smile
You got it, just keep doing whatever you were doing the past 20-whatever days. Constrict that demon, dude.
Definitely on how they act. Although if you put deeper thought into it, calling a woman a girl is rooted in misogyny. But context matters.
Knew someone at that actual party, according to them he was talked into doing it by Odd Future members not sure who tho
Thank you very much, I must have missed these while I didn't have regular Internet access. Sorry for putting you on the list in error.
Messages like this will always get replies from me, even if it had been about erm punching me?!
I didn’t know [NAME] disliked Pittsburgh so much
@HMiglino @CParks777 @Coco_Wms @bodyfit67 @TruthEqualsFact @politicususa I have never been more anxious of a election in my life‼️ #fearful #fearful
Thanks. Screw the cancellation rate, it’s worth denying <4.7. Good to know!
Sometimes I think it's like the movie *Shallow Hal*. You see the person for who they really are on the inside, and it's terrifying.
The amount of hate that [RELIGION] people get in the world is absolutely staggering.
Swear to God don't get a smart meter from your power company, 8 months of daft bills, 6 visits from British Gas #nightmare #stressed #nightmare #stressed
Friend: hey, did you watch the Superbowl? Me: I don't really follow golf.
@JonnyOwenFilm @ringsiderobbie1 can you remember that train Sunday after Froch v Kessler ?
[NAME] is pretty fucking scary
It’s the troublemakers yelling “HB people unite” and “Don’t spare GD folks”—they’re the ones fueling regional discrimination.
Yea, it's not often our announcers admit multiple times we should have got a PP.
Underrated comment.
You don’t have to be like a polar bear and fatten up for the winter 🙄. Put down the Doritos and go for a walk
Damn this kid and her fancy clothes makes me feel like a bad parent.
That's sad. I'm 16 and where I am there are loads of athiests my age. It's great.
Calling your own side the dark side, I knew there was a reason I fancied you.
I will be definitely doing this now. We have a meeting next week, so I will be sure to bring this up. Thanks!
One more day tiff.. One more day!
This is nonsense. How is some random noise "proof" of anything? How is this relevant to this subreddit?
Love the post bro. Gave me a lot of ideas.
stay away from players lol
I may be wrong but I think cows are stronger than horses, or at least made to be
She completely understands, that's why she does this.
You’re obsessed, get over it man. We have what we have, they have what they have
Everyone’s gotta face the music some day brother
[NAME] for best actress
> or the thief charges you and you get sued and charged for setting up a trap on your own property As you fucking **should.**
Meh. If someone wants to find me, they will. Of course, they may not like what they find, or what I can do in return.
I abruptly "woke up" again out of sleep-paralysis in a state of crazy shock.
Thanks, posted there!
Only after getting foreign recombinant vaccines do they dare go maskless. Western vaccines are indeed powerful — symptoms are mild after infection.
Yeah I mentioned [NAME] but what about him?
Marginal taxes was taught in my high school economic literacy class, it's so sad that so many people don't even understand the basics of our tax system
Mad respect to her for being honest. I like how they consulted a dietician for their article to confirm a diet of cocaine and tapas was unhealthy lololololol.
I understand that they're meeting a demand I just don't think meeting that demand is a social good.
The fact that people STILL believe this after 5 years is mind boggling to me..
Nah man you need to have NEGATIVE IQ to enjoy that show, cuz the weed ain't working.
He looks pretty fresh in most everything. Yes homo.
Yens are worthless. That's like, wait £10? For pants? Jfc you have a point.
Write drunk. Edit Sober. \nForget to save. Wake hungover.\n#amwriting #sober #sober
I am so afraid of sleeping on my back that I don't sleep well during the night.
Also, if for some stupid reason you want to pull a move like this, you better shoulder check
None of these people ever seem to have run their own business.
Then they're the worst fascists of all time, because their critics have been extremely loud and public, while not being murdered.
Praise [NAME]. Hope his health issues have gotten better. Dude should be on a contender right now 😭
That's gonna take a fuckton of Eco products.
Aww [NAME] giving [NAME] a pat on the back that’s cute
Also stay hydrated! That was a mistake I was constantly making too
I can't help it when everyone just loves us ¯_(ツ)_/¯
Every time I see this it makes me so happy.
@AttentiAlGatto LOL! Why would it scare me? It doesn't make any sense at all but it doesn't scare me! {chuckles}
[NAME] is showing unusual restraint at the sight of a defenseless woman.
Japanese Raws? This manga is ongoing and next chapter is 217 as far as i'm concerned
Ad hominem. Ridiculous argument, not even funny or hilarious.
I'm glad to see when people succeed! I'm very happy for ya and life is going uphill which is always a great sign
Probably from all the teens that get drunk and then start trouble. But because they are dumb teenagers they end up bringing fists to a knife fight..
Note 2.
I just housed a transgender person for a few months after she came out to her parrents. So people are so cruel.
That's pretty bizarre, BF4 has always had a strong
In fact, my early life had so many of these kinds of influences, it's hard to remember them all; various ways and means that taught me to associate the motifs rambling around in my head with eventual written notes on a page.
I’m not waiting for help, I’m constantly trying to fix it myself but it would be nice if [NAME] help came
[NAME] rarely uploads on YouTube does he have twitch? I love his accent
So i'm intrigued how the fusion would be
I stoped telling story because ''[NAME]"*. Drawing makes me look intensely people to measure their ratio and understand their shapes. That's my new fun
Or, drag an old pallet jack outside, empty.
I mean, it certainly is weird but don't kinkshame
I had a panic attack when I couldn't find @katrinalaw on #Twitter Turns out my Twitter is a jerk. I can still see her. #NyssaAlghul #panic #twitter #nyssaalghul #panic
He gets paid to hate them... what's hard to understand?
You've never come across two pickup trucks blocking the road yakking it up?
More then a handful is to much anyways. You're all good lady. Confidence is sexy
The King of DoorDash. Great work as always.
I totally missed this. What did [NAME] say ?
Forgot what it's like to actually not dislike one of the patients
I did this for Christmas to coming home. Somewhere in Illinois I said to myself "fuck this Im flying next time and renting a car."
Nope don't you know? Warden is god-like cuz that bash
Yeah really! Lol if you go like six months of the year withought it why start again?
The saddest thing about this is that most people truly in need are the last ones to ask for help because they don't want to be anyones burden...
Lucky it wasnt a prosthetic leg, those abnormal body parts are how they get you
Yes you can, you need to worry about em for a little while ago obviously doesn't handle as well as like 500lb heavier.
As the Dark Lord [NAME] commands.
felt a bit shit getting a very high blood sugar then i remembered it's my first one above 15 this week which is incredible for me!
I find that even when I wear a hat, I "look [RELIGION]" and get the same hate.
@LaraTheIrish &lt; feel everything. She would remember everything. Evanora hoped this would serve to fuel the creatures anger and run rabid &gt;
Just to tax a bit of the smug out of them would be worth it in itself.
Day 3 of #harvest16 - listening to the sound of the chopper working it's way closer to home at @mountaindairy makes me . #farm365 #harvest16 #farm365
I was glad at that posing that I waited to run when the sun came out cause I usually run when it's dark in the morning.
I don't even know what I'm going to do when the winter break ends. These posts are the sunshine of my life.
Wow... never heard of that podcast. Looks awesome. Thanks for the link!
No. That is creepy and weird. If you don’t trust her .... move on.
212/62 actually, lol. Good to know it's a metro-wide issue!
You should be embarrassed. Not only because you are a adulterer but because you are a pedo for thinking of your son.
Will they ever stop?? FLG is a cult.
I do not see how that is disgusting. She's cleaning her self and had a discharge, so what?
Yup. That doesn't contradict what I said- this isn't a derailing conversation that I was starting.
She forced him to sing a valentine song by threatening him with anthrax and then called him pathetic for allowing himself to be manipulated.. sounds like love to me.
Absolutely amazing! Congrats Zhu Yilong, Lighting Up the Stars, Director Liu Jiangjiang, and adorable Yang Enyou!
Don't think so. Pretty sure i tried it on the MOG 12
Why GPL instead of AGPL?
Yes she does! She is beautiful but has taken it much too far with the lip fillers and fake tan
My leg so tired 4.
[NAME] just showed [NAME] what a winning mentality looks like :/
This is an issue I had with breaking bad. I love the show but sometimes the actors would talk so frigan quietly.
How to accidentally run over your dog in one easy step
And sing the beat !
I work from home and live with my daughters. It's so serene, but also a lot of fun because we have great times together.
Definitely not a dead human body. He’s probably just a weird dude that has some weird thing in his room that smells terrible.
I remember that one. It was so painful to watch
Damn you and your facts.
I see you missed the announcement. [NAME] tweeted a teaser.
I'd watch it without a doubt. I'm especially interested in the different Tracer playstyles, because the only one I know is dive.
Cuba's great. There's shredded pork everywhere
I felt the afterglow of the late afternoon sun and the cool zephyr on my skin at the same time when I stood outside the main gates of the university just before I saw his car making that turn.
I'll show some love for diazepam! Congratulations on the re up and let me Know if they are
There's also Miami (India) and Liberia (USA).
I want Cowboys and Bears to win so the Raiders draft picks are at best picks 25 & 26
I'm excited for them, but I can understand why anyone wouldn't be. They both use the fighting styles of characters who are already in the game
All Brian does is sleep and aggravate me
Because leave voters are now doing nothing for Brexit. It’s remainers running brexit now with [NAME].
I can't stop staring at "[NAME]".
Can you imagine the amount of backlash she’d get if it was ANOTHER [NAME] collab? Omg.
When you make a great tasting shake and no words can describe it!😃👌🏻 #shake #herbalifenutrition #tastesogood #nowords #shake #herbalifenutrition #tastesogood #nowords
Wow! I've never heard of a celebrity doing something so nice
Isn’t that nonsense? Grassroots workers are exhausted with endless overtime, barely go home for epidemic control, and you want to stop their pay?
yeah i want to see what kind of car it is post pics :)
At least she showed a reaction...
Are you worrying/worried?\n1Peter 5:7\nThrow all your worry on him, because he cares for you. #faith #leadership  #mindfulness #success #faith #leadership #mindfulness #success
He's ancient. If elected, he'll be 79 in 2020. I like him but that worries me.
Good minutes from bayless
Didn't mean to offend
A guy was raging so hard during a rocket league game, when i beat him he started crying and i was laughing so hard lol
Hey! Go fuck yourself, you capitalist apologist bootlicking piece of shit
Doing X deserves Y. When you realize X = Y you finally understand life.
Ok man. Glad yo know you are aware of all financial situations.
I also feel that way. They're playing next level... then again, I thought NZ would take care of us
I had [NAME] from this post. And that's whats important.
I’m sure you could find some unsatisfied women looking for a hook up.
>Nice tip. I'm gonna wakeup fast against [NAME], [NAME] etc now
[NAME] has a heart attack
Congratulations on the embroidery, and on quitting tobacco!
The fact that this podcast isn't called "Z-Targeting Dio's Balls" disappoints me greatly.
Except IQ has been scientifically proven to have positive correlation with a variety of favorable life outcomes.
Great idea to brag about workplace violation on Facebook!
Saw this on r/teenagers first haha
Thank you! I need to practice these things and change the dialogue within my head
Say it, forget it Write it, regret it.
U have the Balls to do this
OMG. The company logo reminded me of something. AAAAAAAAAAAH.
Easy, killer. I don't think Solo itself is a goofy name as OP implies. I think it was just a dumb point in the movie.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @brooke_bridges  #musically #musically
Whooo!! She waited... then paused the. Went in!! Oooooohhhh the shade!!!!!
it did really
This is still one of my favorite photos.
Whoa I actually remember this. Wait shit does that mean I’m old
It's amazing how utterly lacking in self-awareness this sub is, that it can upvote this without a hint of irony.
**<3 I Love You <3** Welcome Home !!
Can’t see him doing well in the premier league tbh. Wouldn’t be surprised if he ends up wishing he stayed at Dortmund.
[NAME] is amazing how dare you
His front end was completely smashed in.
Two questions: do we still get a lip sync next week with [NAME] and [NAME] next week? do they do anything week 6?
Hope your mum gets well soon. Enjoy Saturday!
Excuse you, rice is the best food. Rice is love, rice is life.
Does anyone know how much the skin is supposed to cost? Edit: And does it put the lotion on it's skin?
Enjoying oneself automatically makes an action harmless?
Once the work has been done to certify the car, it cannot be undone. Easier to go the other way.
It's all greek to me
Nokias can even connect to a fax machine? TIL
People are very complicated.
Sorry, I should have clarified that I meant when they determine your eligibility/payments in regards to the Repayment Assistance Program.
Now you go get his armor and do the same thing.
Reminds me of my electric razor
Interesting indeed 😕
"guys, cant we all just calm down and agree IM the smartest most morally righteous one in the room?"
I know they finally gave Return of the King best Pic but my favorite out of the three was Two Towers. They are all great though.
Shut up, [NAME].
OMG, I thought the same
This and Theielens record are the two biggest highlights of the season
Yeah but you're not anymore I'm afraid.
Grammar guy, sorry, but vicarious doesn't work like that. Did you mean various?
Except, I don't fall unconscious.
I honestly have no clue but I’d also love to have one of those
Got ready for junior year to end June School ended, I dyed my hair purple lol... I sprained my ankle on the way to the riverfront festival.
I dont mind these people dying, what bothers me is that some random bystander could be smashed by this guy should he fall
Ahhh, I was curious about that since I do both Postmates and IC at the same time.
I’ve not had it happen on mobile but that is because I use apollo. This happens on desktop
Why have I only just started watching glee this week I am now addicted 🙄 #glee #GLEEK #glee #gleek
What a cuck! But the sword and steal the groceries!
I agree. You’ll need to ask the school when you interview.
several illegal wars? You seen much combat?
oh, me too, actually.
Or at least it could have been, but the pic is gone :(
I know it CAN be, but...I'm not sure, in this case.
this needs more upvotes
I wanna have sex with him in my normal body to see what that's like.
How is it the worst though? Me and my friends all use it and love it (since 2016)
Chances are you’ll be playing against potato players that are worse than bots, so I think you’ve got it in you.
This shit ain't rocket science GateKeeper
: Already got one on my leg want another one on my left leg Yeah, my left leg, my foot, the back of my neck, my hand... want more?
hey sweets...
Or finishing in 91 minutes and sitting there for another half hour, bursting for a piss
I was also bullied at work. I was on lithium for a while. You're not alone.
Im so hungry now! Damn this sub! I love it!
Hope Nameless becomes a beginning—a turning point. Whether nameless or not, the future holds endless possibilities.
This year’s National Day only gave three days off, then we have to work continuously from the 4th to the 14th. It’s exhausting. Might as well not have a holiday and just keep normal weekends.
So basically the union would be a legal fiction to simply elect federal representatives jointly and nothing else? Hmm. Anything more than that would be an implausible boondoggle.
@serendipity127_ @zombiecalorie @Angel_Eyes66 I'm sensing a theme here tho lol #angry #angry
This is so tough for all of you! I'm so sorry!. Are you in Canada? I would push hard for a pediatric gastroenterologist.
@TheView Joy isn't a comedian. She's a bully for fat shaming the governor. Great example she's setting for her grandson.
Upvoted twice because this is EXACTLY what they think it is and it sucks rat balls.
I think you didn't read the whole post. Go to the eye doctor.
Thanks!
I'm so sorry! I hope you are doing better!
This is the funniest shit I've seen all day.
Couldn't have said it better. Just did the same over my winter break and really got to know myself a lot better. Cheers to the new year!
Glad to see Tael (wabi) on the list but surprised its not at the top.
I didn’t even really want to be a graphic designer, I just felt like I should pick SOMETHING
I don't get it. Are they upset that men aren't all using the blue nametags because blue is the color for boys, or what?
Thanks :).. My issue got solved :) . YT on Twitter never helps.. they just do the basic troubleshooting.
I was going up to see my Avs play the Red Wings.
Omg that sounds like a really intense experience, how'd you save yourself after the feeling of intense happiness?
Me too. I didn't want to promote anybody here but there are way cheaper alternatives with shipping benefits... If you know what I mean.
That's all I'm asking for :( thank you for expressing that it is a possibility, and for making me realize it should have happened...
you are correct, but now it is over. and i cry
Was there ever a PPV main event with [NAME] vs [NAME]?
She would betray her friends for chicken nuggets
> broaden your vocabulary I'll try my best. Thank you for this
[NAME], [NAME], [NAME], prime [NAME] + [NAME] was fun.
What kind of frankenshoe...
Don't worry looking for it, there isn't any porn tab/hidden message
Northern Ireland?
@KatHeartwell some don't see the difference between courting and appealing to a women vs deception &amp; pressure it's depressing
Newly engaged Stevie Wonder has been trying to disguise #the #awful smell from his throat: with a leather jacket made from a broken Wii. #the #awful
@JackCurryYES he's just lucky...bad pitchers...#WHATEVER...ElKracken is #legit #future  #gottawearshades #LetsGoYankees #whatever #legit #future #gottawearshades #letsgoyankees
it's a damn shame.
People who WANT a border wall: idiots, racists.
Give him 8/240, ship [NAME] and [NAME] to the Padres in a three-team deal for [NAME]. Boom. I solved the offseason. You're welcome.
I thought he might’ve cheated, but after the reversal, it feels like global bodies just bully the weak. Even when we follow rules, they find excuses to suppress us.
Zero help from @ups customer service. Just pushing the buck back and forth and promising callbacks that don’t happen.  #loathing #loathing
Sure! :D Thanks for requesting ^^
It was a joyously frightening ride and as I went to get off the bike, I burned my leg on the exhaust.
Well then I feel sorry for men for being such incontrolable sexual beasts I guess. My original answer was sincere, I can't speak for others though.
I had this back in 2012 so no not at all LOL
he tried to motivate the team in the locker room but i think it was [NAME] who was like "just sit down festus"
I’m curious about the chain of life events and choices that could land someone at this point in life
Can I get a link to the discord? The pinned post isn’t working for me
Maybe it's as dangerous for [NAME] to whip people up talking about treason and betrayal and all that as it is when [NAME] do it. Fancy that.
I started out the run, and before too long something caught my eye in the snow.
Me. I really needed to see this. ☹️
Be #happy. Be #bright. Be YOU :) #identity #TimelessTips #friendship #family #forest #water #family #TrueLove #God #RoadSoFar #you #LifeTrip #happy #bright #identity #timelesstips #friendship #family #forest #water #family #truelove #god #roadsofar #you #lifetrip
probably watching sad bts video bc im sad :( iwannacryy :(\n halppp
That head pat and hug was the physical equivalent of “oh my sweet summer child.”
Is this the same person who pins their art to the streetposts by Taufer park? LOL I love it.
Did anyone see the ladies sitting behind the Hawks' bench?? WOW, like smoking hot.
I, also, wound up face down on my floor for a good 5-10 minutes after the Saints won it in OT.
I had my car window smashed and there wasn't anything in the car and nothing was taken. They don't care.
That 2nd goal was all [NAME]. What a move, and against the best team in the league!
Stop eating 3,000 calories a meal?
True, but [NAME] mocking someone for making a choice that, realistically, isn't a choice at all is still an oblivious thing to do.
*Pauses clip to make sure that's not me* We're good. What a disappointing [NAME]!
Thank fuck. So if you play exclusively through Steam is any action needed?
I was just waiting for some Bumblebee action with the car.. I feel robbed 💪
Drive safely now.
“So which one is she” “Uhhhhhhh.....”
The #pessimist complains about the wind; the #optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.' - William Arthur Ward\n#IGNITE #pessimist #optimist
I thought it was like a fake url sorry
You’re in Iceland, a particularly craggy rock would be pretty interesting to you.
here's a nice little introduction video for
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
No it's not. I'd bet his biggest crime was being an introvert. Low-inhibition psychos never seem to lack for female companionship.
Deep down you know pain is temporary and you'll do it all over again the next weekend
It's Thursday which means it's Grey's day #TGIT #rejoice #tgit #rejoice
Agree, she needs to learn to value herself.
I hope Edmonton gets nuked.
I’m literally shaking right now😫
I had a crush on this guy ever since I saw him as the mad hatter on OUAT.
Excellent use of this scene. Your skills and taste border on wizardry.
He did nothing, yet he healed all my unhappiness.
I left the profession for exactly that reason. I couldn't emotionally handle the apathy
[NAME] just saw ur cosplays, you prove that attractive people dont go on inceltears. Thanks for the chuckle my insecure friend
*wants body to look a certain way*\n*eats 3 cookies, mac n cheese, kitchen sink, and small neighbor child*
This was last year. Didn't go, definitely should have. I'm fine though
I wish climate change could draw crowds like this. If only it were a more pressing issue. /s
Yeah greyhound was shut down here and its not looking good everywhere else
How many kids do you see? xıs :ɹǝʍsuɐ
The miracle was just that. Because we all know the Vikings would fail the next game.
Yeah but they actully had/have shit to be mad about. Their board is incapable.
I wanted to romance [NAME] more than I've wanted to romance more than any other character in the series. Such an awesome dude
Insomuch that I'll probably avoid any Stahly products in future :|
Fair enough. The cake is definitely too much haha
Wow I typed that out before my eyes were awake 👀
Never ever been this unhappy before in my life lmao
Lol all those people that disliked have probably never even done shrooms before
SUFFER MORTALS!
It's an interesting case study in scams
She refuses to go to therapy.
So sorry that happened to you. Let’s hope that person has some food they didn’t order tonight.
@IH1525 @TiIImxn Literally I'm in awe
Thank you OP, I love you (no homo if you’re a male).
How mature of you. Resorting to name-calling is delightfully childish. I expected nothing less.
its oxford, if you dont agree with oxford go live in a damn cave, because they is correct, and [NAME] I LOVE ENGLAND
There where over 40000 stabbings in the UK last year, and this guy reckons these “kids” are just acting tough 😬
with his luxurious salary, nice pension and zero accountability for anything it does, its a hard old life!!!
@LFScott57 Miss Cookie sends her thanks! She's not as spry as she used to be - like me! She doesn't have the adventures the young pups do!
What’s a leppo?
@NativeApprops @SBShear @HuffingtonPost Shew. That was #awful #awful
Went to their other location in Capitol Reef National Park and it was fantastic. The cauliflower dough is great even if you're not into gluten-frei.
i'm just making fun of how when moids say they like personality they dont really mean it
What were the forwards doing letting [NAME] skate up the middle to get that shot of and score?
@simmy_hanley @Schrise also a #delight #delight
Impeach “fouty” five!!
If they wanted to help, they'd do the smallest bit of research and see that it's a horrible thing to say.
I think Voit hits 30+ so it’s not impossible.
It also happened to be raining on that day.
They are awesome!
Such a lovely username for such a nice guy
I love this sub so much.
Thanks cool sub
I just want him to be successful though...I dont think he wants to be at this point
I stand corrected! But, if that's the case, who is the world's second most famous groundhog (assuming [NAME] remains #1)? #1
Unfortunately, we live in 21st century America, where this kind of behavior ensures that they will both be given high-paying jobs at CNN.
Mornings can be hard, lol.
It’s [NAME]?!
Help with what?
I shower with the lights off. The first time felt really unnatural but now it's actually really comforting.
@_Hallospaceboy_ @DailyGrindhouse  I respect when someone can give a second chance to a movie they aren't a fan of. Why #horror is diverse. #horror
Blood is boiling
Why? You can tell me all about it.
Great to hear lol I just ordered a ton for my shop so that’s reassuring
Saying "don't come into this subreddit just to start arguments about politics" isn't intolerance.
Wonder which one belongs to [NAME] and what would be his final carbon footprint tally for this trip alone.
Thanks for further justifying my support for Tulsi, Daily Gross.
This guys still alive?
You seriously reposted your repost of the same repost you reposted again.
How lazy can certain “Hei” regions get? Back in December when the outbreak was severe, I was in Hangzhou and hadn’t returned to Harbin in five years—just still had a Harbin number. A private number called asking where I was, claiming it was an investigation. I said I wasn’t there, so why call me? They replied, “Then you must have time-space accompanied Harbin?” I questioned their identity thinking it was a scam call, and they labeled me as “uncooperative” and said they’d report me.
I love her
Was Netflix ever $7.99 for HD streaming?
I like your style B)
Game day activities would be my guess. Not positive though.
Smh some of the removed comments.
At the end of the day you still have to let him know though. There is nothing embarrassing about frugality!
No foreplay, no connection, if he doesn't know what he's doing. If he asks for a blow job and then refuses to reciprocate.
Keep on going
@OnesOwnGrief Just a shame his world was gloom from day one almost.Though it makes sense he'd have the whole part hydra,part s.h.i.e.l.d(c)
You’re the best grandmother a person could hope to have.
I, personally, am excited to have another agent to make the lab numbers look pretty while the patient dies.
Nobody is forced to use pronouns by law as he's claimed, it's a blatant lie he made up to further his agenda.
After a year’s toil, just want to go home for reunion, yet can’t even do that. Few truly settle elsewhere — we save sweat money for a warm New Year. What’s happening now?
So you don't reject your ideology's premise that you can just protect yourself.
This a very serious question but I will say what everyone else will: "I want [NAME] out"
That was intense
Tomorrow [NAME] tweets “See! I told you [NAME] took responsibility! No shutdown! No collusion! Bad! Sad!
So what you are saying is that you are not a serious guitarist is you use finger guards?
That’s what I ended up doing lol
Sorry. This happens to too many good people.
Those are still huge numbers for a guy that can’t even take a free throw without double clutching his shot.
I see it this way also. I have never played Pokemon Go but I feel like DD creates the same excitement.
Girlfriends cooking me dinner again. spag blow it is, not to sure if she need my help 😂😂 #girlfriends #happy #girlfriends #happy
Nah mate i think you have me mixed up with someone else. I am [NAME]. Pleased to meet you.
I love how a few words can turn a post from believable bragging to complete bullshit.
@BuzzFeed so this houses will get into my instestines and scare my poop and I'll shit my pants?
"[NAME] remains being [NAME]" is absolutely perfect.
Umm, I think you can take it out, [NAME].
I have, but like I said, I can see women that can’t find love existing, just not in the same numbers as men
Amazing. You will defend [NAME] no matter what huh?
No. If you want to make sure you play with people with mics, just put a post on LFG. Problem solved.
Baby you was right
oh thank you! im relatively new-ish and did not know that
Yeah me, I'm blaming my medication tho.
sick burn
I love that sometimes I don’t know what he says but like I vibe wit it instead
I buy and sell iPhones and January has been slow for me too. Good luck to all of us.
Nobody has guns in NYC, they're ilegal there lol.
Considering that was an already exploding market this is kind of a big deal I guess.
The best ever you are the [NAME]!!
Beautiful!!
I've said it before and I'll say it again: It's God! All God! Only God!  #archippusawakening #entirelybyhisgrace #archippusawakening #entirelybyhisgrace
Eh, I think that i'd rather jerk off tbh..
You mean anti-intelligent
Always!! I especially love when they ask for the *exact thing that’s in their lunch* but, like, a new one.
I agree. Could go either way.
Ya i hate to talk bad about don’t but they should get the sticks out of their butts and make smarter decisions for their community
This post is amazing. Definitely starting to see good days and life just kept improving after my Nex. Thank you for this
You’re in a sub about getting [NAME] elected.
You still sit when you piss.
I realize. I was too hasty in my conclusions.
and sometimes an elbow to your side makes you realize that you better get moving too!time waits for no man, tom waites makes my spine tremble, and thyme makes a good spice.
So PST it is. Glad we agree.
Edited because my kneejerk response was kind of unnecessarily harsh. :/
Or a "what if" episode where [NAME] and [NAME] didn't die!
Disaster!!
the 1975 are playing antichrist why won't @sundarakarma play hustle it's an outrage
It's literally essential that everyone stop what they are doing and watch this, the best video, as many times as possible and then some more times.
Dude yeah. Worst part, guy comes in the morning. So already our daypart goes up to like 2 minutes because of that guy
Betcha he just needed a new tube of that colour for his kit, & thought it'd be funny to mess with your heads.
Haters gonna hate that which they don't understand.
One of these things is not like the other
Please stop talking [NAME].
Thank you. Well said.
What kind of insider only has 250 followers?
I think peach is hotter but not her attitude ha
If anything [NAME] has shown he can do a lot with very little. The Bucs are just a fun team to watch
Thursday got even crazier! Company built a makeshift hospital; stuck-at-home worker me became a day-laborer in Baiyun. Had nothing with me, so returned to Haizhu at night (some colleagues just checked into nearby hotels).
>Make I've never hated a commentator more in my lifetime then him
Oh really. Go ahead and try to reason with an [RELIGION] government that their power should be limited. Good luck.
yeah but it is easier to not worry when you fix bad habits, no?
That does make sense. Thanks.
Ha! I did have an internal arguement earlier whether to ask him why but thought better of it!
Poor [NAME] she just broke her back
Yeah you're right. That's the problem. Not guys thinking it's ok to message someone they haven't matched with outside of Tinder.
Should this be tagged nsfw for the knot?
Thank you. Let’s not blame one parent only for the existence of a child, or the batshitness of one coparent.
I guess it's the word 'high'
@mickyrivera29 interesting but a transfer too costly. You can only irritate others when you get a top talent for a low/ avg fee
I'm convinced alcoholism is rife in Ireland because ourselves and friends are all shite craic sober. Apparently the Heineken fake beers are nice.
Somehow I feel like it needs an NSFW tag.
Wow. All that up and down cycling. These people must feel 80 by the time they're 30.
Good grief... cushion those talons with some toilet paper or Kleenex next time. It’ll give you better traction, too.
Congrats on the mild success of your stolen story
Tomorrow I see a cardiologist to check my heart out.
21 year olds thriving for lower table clubs are usually interesting to bigger clubs. Will be interesting to see how he does.
Was less worried about spelling and more worried about warning everyone in the match
Thank you for the great recommendation. I'll get on that as soon as I can, and keep you updated.
Nor am I as his servant. Though seeing him happy is awesome!
@chrislhayes It's hard for most folks to realize how deep the hatred is until you dive into the murky end of the pool. This guy is nuts.
Last year was our worst defensive performance since 1995 and the manager lost his job as a result. It shouldn't take much to give even a slight improvement
Don't ever be ashamed of who you are
Thankkks and np
True to the first, I hope to the second.
😂 Well, that's just mean... and I'd probably pick that lock the first time I needed something in there.
It's a yes or no question so no you did not directly answer it.
I wonder if that was the original plan or if [NAME] just realized what [NAME] talked about and threw in that note to explain it.
It's actually just the [NAME] they hate. [NAME] is just their current object of scorn
I was scared shitless because I knew I was going to be in huge trouble.
In dire need of a worship session to just let go of everything
I’m sorry to hear that friend :(. It’s for the best most likely if she didn’t accept you for who you are
We can't stop racism overnight. Nor gun violence. Nor terrorism. But we CAN literally stop Trump overnight. So, like, let's? #ImWithHer #imwithher
No, but I might choose to not support certain teams because their owners are trash.
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.
This why we can’t have nice things! I would’ve beat him up for taking with my non-existent mans away 😤
Another fun fact was that the dance floor was all sand, which got between my toes, and there were about 5 million flies buzzing around.
Crazy how [NAME] put out his first album at the tender age of 1
TYT is a gossip shitpost panel for race baiting idiots. By race baiting idiots.
Not really, the save file has nothing to do with the engine.
I ain't sayin' she a prospector...
I agree that all people deserve respect and to be free from harassment, intimidation, or assault.
Have a nice day sport.
First “malicious wage demand,” now “malicious homecoming” — these made-up terms show the officials’ deepest malice toward the people.
Pretty sure it’s going on in the apartment across from me right now. My neighbors are trashy
His music is bad starting with that yeezus album
Such a beautiful cinematic shot.
He can’t do that! Shoot him, or something!
@Vixen85Webster yep &amp; I stayed in pjs all day too lol x
YES YES YES VERY EPIC
I wonder if that child puts it on his resume.
#Trump is #afraid of the big, bad #Hillary. #election #PresidentialDebate #PresidentialElection2016 #orangehitler #skip #hide #coward #fear #trump #afraid #hillary #election #presidentialdebate #presidentialelection2016 #orangehitler #skip #hide #coward #fear
Like looking in a mirror. I feel you man, I feel you.
I don't follow him but I don't see a problem if he wants to do that. Maybe he's just inquisitive.
My grandpa does drive this way.
She’s fab but the reflection of that guy in the window got me curious tho
Cool. I wish I could come to anarchopulco this year. Have fun.
@westelm tells me my order will ship on Sept 12, arriving by Sept 19. Today is the 22. 😐 #lies #terrible #whereismyfurniture #lies #terrible #whereismyfurniture
Yeahhhh I’m going to go to sleep now...
@C1TYofFL1NT This will haunt my dreams. @JoePrich
You only saw one piece of luggage. I’m not a fan of overly criticizing the things we don’t see.
@TicciKasie1 //this is sadly what my history teacher talked about why the fuck do I remember that?!
@billmaher @realDonaldTrump was right and you two have very similar stances against #radical #islamic #terror. Time to anoint the Orange one #radical #islamic #terror
Would be interesting to see a referendum where only UKIP and Lib Dem members vote.
All the scumbags around everywhere. Sucks that it's so easy to use for a lot of other things.
Access should be hindered it's getting destroyed.
[NAME] is a jinx. Please send him back.
How comes when Chinese companies help build infrastructure in Germany it's a terrible risk to their sovereignty yet this is fine
Shes got no style, shes got no grace... this [NAME] has a funny face!
After I got rammed into by 2 planes on the 1st zone's storm edge in dusty, I couldn't agree more.
I like you. WHO WANTS TO TAKE CELEBRATORY SHOTS WITH ME???
Wait. Is this a parenting book with a typo? Because this seems to be a great approach to use with a toddler.
The stranger is left speechless, confused, and strangely proud.
Fine. I hope he has a fine wife and she’s fine if he shall need to pay a fine.
That woman is on the fast track to being ostracized from that group real quick.
Everyone’s a god damned critic. Try doing five minutes of stand up and see if you don’t end up on this sub.
france drinks coffe from a bowl.
This is some of the worst passing I've ever seen.
I don’t think so honestly. He’s said I’m cute before last night. It wasn’t the first time.
Wishing death upon someone you have never met and just know from TV. Nice
Slathered in blue cheese. [NAME] is so jealous.
Calling people fighting for their rights “saboteurs”? Clearly the iron fist hasn’t hit you yet.
Normally this would get upvotes but there’s very odd voting patterns tonight.
You'll be stronger as you continue your journey, never give up
Pac Med building. Amazon’s headquarters was there once upon a time. Not sure what it is now. Probably medical.
I believe it's free
If that really meet to comfort us, guess who has to foot he bill...
Surprised, Playtest isn't mentioned. The ending is just god damn!
I can't help it! These stories make me REEEEEEEEEEEE so hard!!!! Kidding :)
Is there any example in History where a 'multicultural' society has succeeded to the point of them becoming a major power?
I will still shag her u fooking poof. gave im a rite fockin japester innit well u won't be having erection next few days.
Fucking refs suck my balls.
I'd say "[NAME] retire binch", but I'm a little late for that.
*They ARE my children* And now you see why people call you a future crazy cat lady.
Thank you kindly :)
only took em all of the time to realize
If you’ve never been to DSA you’d be surprised by how many amazing, smart people you’ll meet.
The Leafs weren’t mentioned once in this article.
thanks for the reply jzplayinggames, have a great weekend.
Those are pretty good points. Not just for a hypothetical argument, but just good points about the plot in general.
Despite having lived here for 10 years, i've never been to portillos, and given this, it's somewhat unlikely i start going now...
Took me way too long.
#Muslims are the principle victims of #terrorism. More Muslims are dying at the hands of these #terrorists than anyone else. #YounusAlGohar #muslims #terrorism #terrorists #younusalgohar
I’ve followed this case for years — Japan to China. My feelings shifted from sympathy to disgust.
Psychiatrists are MDs. Psychologists can’t prescribe. Not sure what you’re talking about here....
Lol it was a joke. Meta from r/askreddit
[NAME]. It just seems like it’d be more fun.
That map looks interesting. I have always wanted an oil platform in game.
It's a shame they have [NAME] because a Vuc package would be ideal
oh thats a good one ;)
Hm why are there age restrictions on the sex toys? :P
I have this shirt I love it with a burning passion
Cancel as soon as you can it’s far more enjoyable!!!!
Oh man. Hardest lesson for me to learn as a new dm was that even with experienced players, combat with 7 PCs is brutally time consuming
I wish this had sound so I could hear the crowd roaring in the background. This is so wholesome. Look how excited he gets.
Is this guy from Bogota?! I saw a very similar fellow in Columbia when I was there last year
its here! nice
Yeah, the death of pharmaceutical producers seems like a weird thing to root for.
Yes.... and ACT wanted brackets to be adjusted, but National did not. Being in government didnt mean ACT could force National on that point
I’m shocked at how big that defeat is.
The #most wasteful day is a #day without #laughter #most #day #laughter
Ok sure that’s a nice unfounded opinion you’ve got there. Unless you’ve been in one in which case wow sorry
On my way rejoicing, to the pulpit @ Park City Baptist Church, Surrey BC. for Midweek Service.
Wait, what do you mean by NOT tanking? Is that legal?
You don't get it, they mean *these* types of immigrants, not *those* types of immigrants
Asian Tiger #Mosquitoes are so relentless. More aggressive than the kind I dealt w/as a kid. #mosquitoes
How should I put it—during New Year, just visit the closest relatives; for others, an occasional greeting is enough. Everyone living their own life without comparison is really quite good. Hope our children’s generation continues this way.
On a side note if you are self medicating ? That's not helping that is burying the anxiety that WILL manifest in another way. Heart disease?
Ha, I'm with you on that one.
[NAME] were the peak memes back when I first started on Reddit. Honestly none of the meme subs are good, they're all pretty cringy.
Not possible? Not that I’ve heard of at least.
Wow you’re pathetic for calling out someone who did something right
Why is that insane? What specifically?
This is ok as extra content, but it feels really uncomfortable.
This is not good.
> Egalitarianism I always saw it as a feminist could still be a racist...
Bad children get their souls put in the face table
I never noticed before -- I have viewed this photo a hundred times -- that my hand looks like a Blaquera.
The Vikings....they make me the most angry.
Half our NATO partners have banned them or are in the process of doing so. I am confident we will do the right thing.
I think it's normal. Don't analyse how you look like and worry about it btw, those idiots sure don't when they say their bullshit
Partywolf had 178 losses in a row? Are you seeious? I can't believe that
Also said he’s had a really good season lol
I had my skin half ripped off thanks to a belt machine. Never got my arm close to the belts
This comment doesn't make sense. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
You shouldn't be using hydrocortisone on your face:
[NAME] not calling anything so far. Means they will call everything second half. It’s inevitable.
Eating isn't a 'Healty coping mechanism', stop lying to yourself.
That’s not the period it’s referring to
We all know you like men who kill lol, so I can see why you'd downplay it.
Is this funny but sad? This just seems like a normal meme to me
yes!!! Once I realized my body wasn't wanting as much food i put my self on intermittent fasting and i love it
Most police departments have something similar, and it's the name.of the big LEO sub.
Gotta love these kids! When they do or say the cutest things like that, it really makes u melt....... Enjoy OP!!!
I'm still confused about what a ginch is
And even worse after 40 years!
Ah the high life. Must be sweet.
i did this without counting, so it's good to know that i am slowly getting a handle on eating reasonably without having to write down every single thing i put in my mouth.
Sob then! Be with the emotions and let them out until they pass. I always feel better afterwards.
Better hope nobody steals your keys
It's really odd. My friend's search results are still normal but mine aren't
Not an RFA my dude
Too fucking playful
Dark humor is like food. Teenagers love it and prefer quantity over quality.
This whole ordeal seems entirely pointless, but i don't want to turn away in case i miss some drama
The chupacabra legend is pretty big here and in Mexico.
Damn, we barley made it out of the Rockets game with a win according to that graph.
Because it’s a lot for someone to handle and i haven’t had any outbursts etc that would’ve resulted from that
Apart from the attempted basketball pass he's been great
@RyuRedwings2 and I have discovered you can now send animated gifs over the updated iMessage
Of course. Just know that I know that you know you're a liar.
I really have to watch my mouth.
lots of games have already added what he's asking for, i don't know why he asked the question
I'm tired, but I can't sleep.
Want too big and lean to be naturally achievable.
It's a weird way of saying you don't want to see my penis
There is a difference between burning a couple of tires, and having a tire-bonfire with "ten feet tall flames" for 6-8 hours.
@Aurena1701 @AngryOrchard he didn't sting me luckily. He just flew off happy and drunk. Lolololol
I love democracy, that's why I hate antidemoratic institutions like the EU.
Do you have anything special you say to yourself to help facilitate that? I think I might need a snappy mantra to remind myself to chill out.
@mikefreemanNFL \nIsn't OBrien supposed to be some sort of offensive genius
[NAME] seemed pretty pissed at himself for last game and kept saying at the end watching the film inspired him to go hit the gym
Honestly I’d believe it. [NAME] seems stuck in that high school mentality
Go check out the survey recently posted on AskFeminists. There are a lot of [NAME] openly admitting it.
Wow! This is an old one! Everyone knows atheists don't have A holiday. They have ALL of them!
O, the melancholy Catacombs quickly wandered about the Rue Morgue, Madman!
That's brutal. Hope they win to make it worth your while.
Correct What the fuck is the AAF is what im asking.
Your brother really saw the light huh!
A bag of pita chips is really $8?
I heard the same thing after she had made false allegations and tried to hoover me back . Its so triggering now .
I really felt for this mother. You could tell how frustrated and exasperated she was. Glad she was there to stand up for her kids.
Not anymore it seems.
I watched the CWC from the stadium and boy is he amazing.
[NAME] is having a hard time moving on. [NAME] need to cash in with AD before the trade deadline, because his value is going down after this season.
I hate deer. Damn big assed rats
That's awesome. You are a great and good person with a good heart. Never, ever change❤
maybe me and joey should have ignored each other on tinder and posted it on social media for a trip to Hawaii ☹️ #bitter #bitter
The Dude looks great. I always get worried when I see [NAME] play these haggard characters. But he's just that good.
Make sure you actually try sativas. Don't just listen to people bsing about Sativa causing paranoia/anxiety etc.
162 Again, for the 7th straight year. Like usual lol
I land off-kilter and go crashing into the drum set and take a Hi-Hat to the center of my spine, severing my nerves and leaving me paralyzed.
Probably the thief trashed the place
U damn clown, she prolly felt so embarrassed and you’re just like meh
I am hopeful that it will win the Oscar for best animated picture and renewed interest will lead to more 3D screenings.
You're a hero.
It doesn’t really change anything, just side with your preference
I’ve never heard of this before. That’s awful.
No, because I don't have to. This is an "Everyone else" problem.
I love it lol!
First College Math Test tomorrow #nervous #nervous
Geezuz, this brute is damn hot. I'm In Love.
Not only that, the "improved controls" aren't a thing at all. I'm not re-buying Blood Money for nicer graphics.
That was [NAME] not Slacked.
Can’t wait to lose this one!
Ah thanks 👍🏻
[NAME] face looks so cute here. What happened. Too many fillers ?
What a neat gesture!🤗
Lol ratheists suck fedoras!
@TokyoSexPolice can I get away of this wrath by reading manga instead of watching overdone anime
He's worth it I think. Dude brings it 110% every game
I'm so doing this!
[NAME] looked so lost for 3 quarters. No pocket awareness. Terribly inaccurate. I hope this version of [NAME] is here to stay.
So I left the room, went outside and settled once again for going through my mess in my head.
This dvd must be pretty hard to come by if it’s going for $49... thank you though I appreciate it.
Can’t believe Liu still has fans—after all those shady moves and lies, like claiming the murdered girl scammed her boyfriend. Yet she still has fans?
What is TMOR?
Your logo was amazing, your sushi was not.
Hello fellow Newcastle vegans! We are very lucky to have so many vegan places!
From harboring Osama bin Laden to its relationship with Haqqani network, there is enough evidence to prove Pakistan is sponsoring terrorism
I always feel so bad for [NAME] when I watch this scene.
No I am still friends with the person I value his friendship he can just be...judgy?
I cannot be more clear myself: If you do not have a comparable situation, you do not have a valid point to be making
Caleb had a nightmare about zombies. I had a dream about freedom.......
I like the commercial where @kohara19, on a chocolate milk bender, steals a soccer ball from some guys and refuses to give it back.
Small group of friends either outside or at home listening to good music would be ideal for me. Maybe even one sober person to drive our high asses around
The fact this isn't a [NAME] Attorney at Law Gif about this makes me kinda sad.
It's also not worth the costs because most of the time people are being petty don't actually have a claim to make.
This is perfect!
Sorry for your loss. My bestfriend is turning 13 soon and I'm trying to cherish every minute we still have.
Ugh. Nice season from him, hoping he can build on it next year and play a bigger role at the world juniors.
Haha! I was right :D.
Bless you.
That's honestly less than I expected.
Terrifyingly accurate bot
I personally wish that they stuck with the spin offs but if their happy I’m good.👌
Lightborn, [NAME] Demise, Look at a wall, Bait out the flashlight person, Slug. Wow, so hard.
Z-axis...? You mean the spontaneous propulsion system or is it something else?
It would be good if the producers can find a carrot to dangle that can get these idiots to spill on each other.
I would change the episode with Icicle. Get rid of the cold puns. Everything else can stay the same
Can't believe he took the time to count that. They both seem a bit obssesed.
I'm glad that yours is getting slightly better too! Keep on working on it and you'll be a social butterfly someday!
Chinese wear masks out of civic sense and big-picture thinking — those selfish foreigners can’t compare.
I'm definitely feeling like it's been a never ending hurting fest, so I hope you're right.
it was, but I was highlighting this to show just how much we have moved on from 2008. Actually feel really cool to be part of this.
Being a woman is not an excuse, you do not represent all women. Thank the lord.
@sundersays made me laugh, that quote. In a sort of rueful way.
At least if you don't have the body, you've got the sense of humour. So I can rule you out or is it a possibility lol
Right now you’ll be sober for at least 15 years! Good luck man
All I can think of is her sweaty mom cooking away in the back 🤮
Every day it gets harder to tell the difference between a legit mental health issue and someone just using it as an excuse to be an arsehole.
@abra @abra @abra what're you doing to my ears? To my soul?! #GoodMusic #melancholy #goodmusic #melancholy
Never trust a fart.
[NAME] literally won the game of baseball that night. Like, go home, we're done, he just won baseball forever.
death of drone is hilarious, like a scene from theater.
I don't think we can beat capitalism, but there is a lot of progress to be made.
I have already, what's your point?
It's a Moving Day! #stress  #hope #stress #hope
Sadly this is not a new issue for Ukraine. Please take a moment to remember Babi Yar :(
Gnarly ballsack is the technical term, I believe. Sadly, it's just a face beard.
There are plenty of cases of terminally ill people who elected to stop treatment and then pass away. You're not obligated to get treatment.
i’m so glad you’re wrong lol
okay thanks!
[NAME] weapon is gambol shroud but I nearly forgot about the gunchucks they are pretty rad too
Ever wake up and instantly feel happy?
FotC for life
Wow, you an asshole much?
Even if [NAME] didn’t play we wouldn’t be winning sorry Just enjoy the ride and pay respect to the man who gave us our only championship
I <3 you!
[NAME] looked like he was having a heart attack the entire game... welcome to the madhouse lol
No way dude. The Wilpons’ are so cheap that the Twitter guy is also the contract guy. (Was that a good Twitter impression?)
But when i see, what i'm missing I just can't take it SO here i sit miserably all alone... Its your eyes and your smile that puts the beat in my heart And to know I can't have this just tears me apart....
They just made an ad that made men out to be some sort of deranged sub-human, incapable of understanding right and wrong
U/scottgal - thank you! Coming from southern US, wanted to make sure!
What a pretentious, self-promoting post.
And why does he shame women for choosing a beautiful person over an ugly guy lol?
Not to mention there was a HUGE EXPLOSION only moments ago. The whole area could've been rigged with bombs for all they knew.
Sometimes you just have to laugh.
This got a little personal for me
They shout it near the end. Listen for WAAAAAAALLLLLL
I call bullshit on this anon said they were “walking” ... you know they were in the scooter cart.
Only Geo is capable of cheering me up❤️❤️❤️
Love the fact that the security guard or whatever he was made him roll down the passenger window instead of walking around to the drivers side, lol.
Gold Coast seems like it would go well on paper, but turn up to the actual thing and seems strangely disappointing would be good to tell friends about though
Those three foreigners are playing guerrilla tactics — mask on when you’re near, off when you’re gone. Different from the stubborn one in pic 2. Should’ve assigned a waiter to watch them.
I work 12 hour shifts, and agree. Tea is life-saving.
Even if no sickness is spread, no one else wants to see or smell that while they are eating.
Ahh you poop too much
Appropriate that first secretary at permanent mission is tasked with demolition of #terror state #Pakistan - Like 'renunciation of lies' bit #terror #pakistan
I am just utterly disgusted by it all
I'm worried he choked to death before he could finish the sentence.
> I doubt a typical [NAME] would be bankrupted by a $20K bill This attitude represents exactly the stereotype of [NAME] that most people have.
[NAME] making his triumphant return after snagging #1 last year 🙌 #1
lol [NAME]
Bloods boiling
She is beauty she is grace she just just grinded the ground with her face.
I'd love either over any of the guys I listed
The numbers against EEA will go up once people realise it amounts to fuck all but still costs a fortune.
so proud of you!
Sorry, not from her. But from family and friends. We were open to each other about everything.
Does this not happen to all people? If not then at least I found out a little more about why this always happens to me.
now that I have my future planned out, I feel so much happier #goals #life  #igotthis #yay #goals #life #igotthis #yay
I suppose [NAME] listens to the screams of his mother before she gets shot(?)
Man you take your sims really seriously.
Why does @dapperlaughs have to come to Glasgow on a night I am working. I am fucking gutted, been waiting for an appearance for ages #raging #raging
@BAEK0FF @byunglows Philippines 😃
I'm scared to even ask my mom ,I might get yelled at 😟
Think they fly in tonight or tomorrow?
I'm sad that I gave that shit article a page view.
That's literally the science of it.
I'd enjoy a nice warm hug. Along with a delightful conversation. But that works too.
I want to see someone get decimated by a [NAME] hit
(whisper) I cannot frown.
but then what will the vegans eat?
Wow! You must have pretty low standards for teachers in your state/school! I guess that's why Massachusetts is always first for education.
[NAME]? Yeah, that one hurts.
1. Dr. [NAME] job is just cause drama and look frustrated 2. I wanna know the mothers of people ITT
Maybe but their fish tacos are really good.
I like [NAME] but he was just non-existent tonight. At least [NAME] played defense.
Ah, as a fanatical supporter of the Alliance I've not done any of the Horde content, thanks for letting me know
The bitter the battle, the sweeter the victory...
Why can't you just be mine. #forlorn #forlorn
This is a great segment.
We could be internet buddies!!
Ahhh, my bad. I thought they were blood related.
Oncologist: I have some thoughts on this Centrist: No one wants to hear about it. Pander to someone else
Hahaha how old are your sons? They're mixin' batches with your body wash hahaha
I'm from Wisconsin. I don't understand your question.
I mean I would be a [NAME] and I’m pretty reasonable.
Hey daddy [NAME]
Those “questioning netizens” are isolated cases. After all these years, who in China doesn’t know their family’s style?
I can see how you feel , THIS DID NOT TEACH A CHILD TO RESPECT ANIMALS and im ashamed and upset honeslty no horse deserved that.
If he’s American...then he’s fucked
Had to have my knee drained after a meniscus injury. It remains the most pain I've ever felt. Hopefully hers wasn't that bad
@pepesgrandma @FreeBeacon Thanks for the early morning laughter ❤
And she got all angry telling me 'but what would be doing a 40 year old guy looking for a girl like you' and I felt #offended #offended
That’s strange logic that it triggered you.. they will use any retarded attempt to hoover you he probably hoped you would notice and get triggered by it.
Sorry, I have plans that day, week, month. Watching TV while you peruse Reddit are plans aren't they???
He has a humiliation kink. He's clearly not expressing it in a healthy way and should probably see a therapist and/or a professional [NAME].
Thanks for the explanation! And lol yeah that’s fair - ‘rag’ isn’t exactly the flashiest of terms!
Okay but beware of top experts. You know what you need and what's right.
The few people that survive jumping from bridges say, almost invariably, that they regretted jumping the second they entered free fall.
dOn't eVeN ThInK AbOuT It.
I like him 1.thats why I agree to go on a 2nd and 3rd date, 2. we text a lot. I just take things slow.
Ugh i wish i had seen this earlier! Have fun at the game!
They wont touch a hero if they tweaked it in last 6-12 months. Like [NAME], they fucked/nerfed her and thats it.
I think the driver had the heart attack. She did not even give him a wave and a thank you for not smashing her precious child.
A song started to loop inside my head.
My hospital has this already, I thought everyone did. Can’t get an IV? Tried a crap ton of places? Call the IV team.
Always love me some Rambo. Sure he's not as charismatic as Ox or Jenko but there's something so earnest about him.
i've been rooting for him since the beginning  #BB18 #bb18
Came to Xinjiang to travel, ended up bedridden for 3 months. Now finally got a fever — guess antibodies are coming.
I'm fine, how about you?
Best comment ever.
This meth documentary is exhilarating
@StarklyDark 'I know you trusted me.' His words were soft as he ignored the anger and focused on the hurt beneath. 'I know I screwed up.' --
I have no idea what arbitration even is but I'm going to react poorly
I don’t know where you live but in my area people don’t really care to have a good-faith conversation with an anarchist.
Having watched Sunderland Till I Die it makes me desperate for some sort of insight into the way Arsenal operate behind the scenes.
Oh, exploitable
[NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] podcast is great.
I'm not sure you know what a [NAME] is
“Whine” is such an *emotive* term to use. It would be ironic, but you’ve been trolling here the entire time.
No its an edited one by someone on this sub, I can't find it though.
> some blue dog dems will resist Are you kidding me? The Dem establishment won't give her an inch
The fact that we have a presidential candidate that speaks the way Trump does is alarming. I thought higher of my peers. #FDT16 #fdt16
I'm glad you're safe - but don't feel sorry for him. He knows what he is doing.
[NAME] was a horrible [NAME] and HC
It’s legal in TX but with restrictions. Traffic has to be moving slower than 15mph and the rider cannot exceed 30mph
It's time to cultivate some mass.
Ah TDS victim, got it.
old politicians have short memories
I’m an outsider in Haizhu—we all queue equally for tests. Not sure the context of that video—maybe the village paid for their own testing? I’ve never seen locals get priority.
Quickly fix those lazy local governments with one-size-fits-all policies—we just want to go home for the New Year.
Yeah I could definitely see that, which is sad.
That's exactly why I think it would be a bad idea to scrap the program wholesale. Though, I still think that stadium is ludicrous.
Read divorce busting and kill all marriage counselors. As much as it sucks...youve been given a gift by him giving you time.
I very much appreciate it.
Why would you say that... Oh my [NAME] those tags!
Ha! Since when did the platform become the judge? Calling it “public morality” — if these count as borderline, half the users should be banned!
Sick burn. I like it.
That's why many places have it at 18 or 19. It's not like 16 and 25 are the only options.
I rolled over on my side trying to get more air in and trying to get my arms and legs underneath me.
The Mavs would probably have to give up some picks as well
The jockeys one is amazing I don't know what you're talking about.
Ugh, he sounds like a slob and you should leave him.
This looks so 2010s cgi
That guy was beyond cringe, it was creepy
They look pretty good down there.
Hi, [NAME]!
My encouragement today is my dog while my head is in a fog. #epicfail  #feelingfedup #tired #ihaveheardeverything #wondering #epicfail #feelingfedup #tired #ihaveheardeverything #wondering
Warmth, acrossed my cheek from golden rays.
I do not believe she has any secret information, but I still suspect she's in danger and her plan has backfired substantially.
Went to the hospital for the wound — those people paid my medical and travel fees. Such troublemakers, causing harm for nothing.
And this is why I park my car in the woods when I wanna just chill. Thank you south jersey pines
I just want someone who listens to scientists. That's too much to ask though.
Sometimes The Worst Place You Can Be Is In Your Own Head.'\n\n #quotes #worstenemy  #thinktoomuch #quotes #worstenemy #thinktoomuch
final vestiges of my 90's childhood were just dashed on the shoals of hearing a house cover of Tracy Chapman's 'fast car' at the dayjob
Stop blaming audiences! We’re broke—supporting domestic films already feels like charity.
What part of "Obviously it's not the one in question" were you unable to read?
"[NAME] H. MYSELF?! He's actually signing that?!"
I sure hope so! Smug bastards!
Yeah I meant to say the purpose ofnbeing an independent is "so one can remain annoyingly aloof about primaries and then vote any way in the general"
You're a big man
> pro peace. Somehow pro-peace became pro-Putin. Yes, people have lost their minds.
Hear it from his doctor. He likely only wants to take benzos because they're addictive and strong, not necessarily the most effective.
A lack of the romantic partner is the stressful situation in my life.
I wonder if she unliked you? That'd then make sense for the rest of it.
Go on twitter
She's why [NAME] doesn't want memes lol, she's a goldmine
bigot /ˈbɪɡət/ noun a person who is intolerant towards those holding different opinions.
[NAME] isn’t even a homer at this point. He’s just dumb.
Far believe me and now that i think about i am a boy so maybe search on other place
[NAME] was pretty dumb in s7
You might actually say they're almost angelic....
Haven’t watched the new episode yet but the art definitely reminds me of [NAME] MS Paint art.
@EngrNabeeel then rejoicing now is a lil' bit prematured dont you think🤔🤔🤔
Anyway I'm in a car with a furious white men and I have a really funny story to tell when I'm sober 😂
Can't even do that anymore :(
I want one....i dont care who.... Unarmed charecter
If you ever wondered where ISIS got their method of killing homosexuals, wonder no more. Source: al-Jawab al-Kafi p. 260-263 as Quoted by Islamqa:
What a game.
lol why ? they were both garbage when their time was up
Hate to tell you, but it was inspired by a real girl [[NAME]]
They sure look the part...
Peace to you both.
Doubt [NAME] will solve our problems
That woman has a nice body
Should have been a and 1 tbh, [NAME] smacked him in the face.
Definitely not looks, but confidence and body count? Absolutely.
The article mentions that the apps are only for Chinese customers. Is that not the case?
#hillaryclinton and their followers are #nervous of a #BernieSanders #millennials saying yes to a #woman #POTUS  #JillStein  not #warmonger #hillaryclinton #nervous #berniesanders #millennials #woman #potus #jillstein #warmonger
Nice job dude!
Thanks for the recommendation! By this point I should just start a list. :D
Right, send them all to Mississippi.
Sad to see this as a one-off. [NAME] seemed to be really enjoy the game and itself. Will give the game a try.
If loving the Falcons along side my Vikings is wrong, *than I don’t want to be right.*
In my experience I've also noticed his friends and got ditched by my girlfriend.
I'm not responding until you point me where any of my statements contradict cut and clear
Unfortunately, on that we can agree.
Leave wet puddles everywhere!
drink ur milk and you'll grow to be a big strong man
back when mercy could get play of the game.. and not be useless.
Nah you're fine. This is why all sou-chefs are heathen
He’s gonna have a great season
I think the downvotes are coming from Mavs lurkers who are pissed we didn’t give them [NAME] unprotected first
[NAME] voice acting in this is just brilliant.
Very curious why there is no other competition in this market space
They’re my favorite couple that’s ever been on this show
I'm more saying that I think the south is a joke.
@Lizombi There's a difference though. A grudge cab be tamed. Feeling uncomfortable is pure emotion, you can't really control it.
And what do you think the most important issues are? This one seems fairly fucking important.
[NAME] had a record for not scoring goals for several matches in a row with [NAME] as coach. Never mind that [NAME] was pretty awful during his time at Porto.
# SOMEONE GIVE THIS GOLD!!!!!!!!!!!! #
Bitch ass n*** [NAME] rooting for [NAME]
I had to give up college 2 times because of that. Now im doing kinda better, at least i can go to classes and talk to people.
"Ooooohhhhhh... I can *see* the music!"
In short, epidemic control is for living, not to make life unbearable—and never an excuse to break the rule of law.
Ive just given up. Learning to become selfish.
My mistake, after almost 15 seasons it's a little hard to remember. Thanks for letting me know!
Ah ok. Thank you!
Post this to /r/MurderedByWords I legit wanna see the teeth mashing
Aw how cute, the human garbage wants help.
Nice. Thanks for the original.
I think it's the pass rush and that nobody can stay healthy and, but it could be [NAME]. He's not the greatest
[NAME], I hate [NAME].
Thank you. I've been correcting the record for triggered authoritarians for a minute! "Mah taxes"
342:147 And waxen in their mirth, and neeze, and swear\nA merrier hour was never wasted there.--\n#AMNDBots
They can't even really articulate what has been so bad since [NAME] took office.
You know he meant Golden Gardens. You are not discussing this in good faith.
I was thinking of that. I used to love the Naked Gun movie and he is reminding of [NAME] character, who would get injured every scene
Yes, we are going to kink shame you.
There's a sweet spot. Pathfinder Kingmaker has important lines voiced, and others are just text. It works great.
Still doesn't apply. 5 hits from [NAME] will do way more than 6 hits from [NAME]. Quality vs quantity.
No, I was very interested in the game until this news broke. Now I’m a little disappointed. But at least I can opt-out.
Agree, I avoid of the ones that do, pre-ordering any AAA is a no no now as well.
Wow, whereabouts in Croydon are you it wasn't this bad where I am!
We're a community, like it or not. This came from us and we need to hold eachother to a higher standard of behavior.
Burnout takedown. Then when trying to recover in the weekend, a nice chunk of self condemnation.
Waaaaaaay too much work. Just make guacamole and salsa and eat it with the [NAME]
What are you on about man, those are just rollerblades for fancy occasions
@NicKeaney Hope they refuse :( x #depressing #depressing
#goksfillyourhouseforfree should be retitled fill your house with old trash repainted ...  #junk #trash #goksfillyourhouseforfree #junk #trash
He has 3 years as first team manager, he signed the contract in November, but it doesn't matter
That's what I said! Except the bad person part but ya know what I mean.
HA! HAHAHAHAHAHA!!! That’s amazing. Thanks for starting my morning off with a good laugh. What a couple of idiots.
@yap_yip --an uncertainty. [Halsey teases, her lips curving into a jovial smirk.]
A wise man told me that holdin' a grudge is like\nLetting somebody just live inside of your head rent free
I'm literally never home and my parents threaten to charge rent if I don't start cleaning the house everyday. OK.
[NAME] can’t hurt us anymore.
There’s no evidence that 12-step programs work any better than no program, so you’re not missing anything if you quit. Good luck.
It's clear you dont know what you're talking about.
No my friend, no, I no make fuck-fuck. I take you to girls, many many girls. You make fuck-fuck with girls.
Man, never underestimate the power of a crock pot, some frozen chicken, veggies and cottage cheese.
Looters ran off with supplies and nothing happened — even praised as “mighty Hubei people”? You’re just encouraging chaos.
This is really scary. The saddest about this is i really think it will be possible quite soon. :(
Thank you. We literally had stopped her an hour before she made her break.
Alway protect yourself
Sniffing all them electrical outlets is hard work! This is the PC version... Why didn't you use Print-Screen?
Thanks for clearing that up
I don't care about [NAME] story but I surprisingly found myself liking Bristol's.
Bahaha that wasn't a shot attempt until the last second
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable. - Sydney J. Harris
Plz explain the TeamViewer thing. Im interested.
Why, it'll be gone in 30 some odd games.
there is also r/foreskin because why not
That’s normal for girls, lol.
Honestly, it felt a bit cheesy, but she looked nice—smiling, good figure, not revealing, not forced. It’s fine—don’t see it with bias.
I'm not sure what you are implying, but it seems very rude.
Ah ok, will do, and thanks!
For the first time in my madden career I just set up a farm account. Should make MOTM much easier
Since the outbreak in Shenzhen, we’ve had testing every one or two days — I feel safer than you! If not for wanting to go home for New Year, who’d travel around? If I had any link to a case, I’d still be in quarantine. I can move freely in Shenzhen, yet can’t go home — ridiculous, isn’t it?
Anyone else on the Knicks you would want then?
[NAME] being sensationalist? * pikachu face *
Thank you, this isn't the first time they have tried to control us with money. They always put odd stipulations on money or gifts.
Especially given today's hyperawareness of sexual harassment, it seems like the smart thing to do, to me.
I really can't remember the last time my mind was this blown by an OP on this sub, and that's saying a lot.
I think its absolutely wonderful : )
Happy to- good luck!
Yes I'm sure lol every god has flaws that's what keeps them balanced
I’m glad I wasn’t the only person who wondered about [NAME].
How’d you avoid all of the memes?
These are good ideas, thank you so much.
Fall of religion also plays a role. I'm not religious at all, but I understand how it brought people together as far as a community structure.
I blinked at the perfect moment and thought no one was going to save that man.
I'm sorry to hear this. I hope you can find something to make you feel happy in the new year.
Easy just include [NAME] to continue to torment [NAME]
She’s way too gangly to be thrashing around - I was waiting for her to take out a light fixture.
Thank you. People always forget that The Happiest Days of Our Lives is essentially part of that song.
Yes it does count
@Chic_Happens_ @Sean_Okeeffe1 @royalmusing I dread the comparisons to Queen Máxima. Guarantee I will lose followers when that happens.
Say that you like her
Sex with men is hotter Maybe because society says it’s wrong
Great mate good luck!
Dudeeee damnn why am I at work when this happens lol
Seeing him give the stone was the only one left in the entire universe, that’s like having a problem (which is really distribution).
It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.\n#funny #pun #punny #lol #hilarious #pun #punny #lol #hilarious
Could be using a library?
Why else? Seems that it is just lack of imagination on your part.
Yep. Lots of younger generation are obsessed with their phones and emotionally rocky tend to engage in this behavior, especially women with their whole Instagram obsessions.
Sorry but I don't keep up with YT celebs or drama What happened to [NAME] ?
There was no Last Airbender movie. [NAME] has invited you to Lake Laogai.
I still maintain the packers were a worse team this year.
I learned that recently driving into SLC for the first time in the rain/snow. I couldn't see shit. 1/10 Was scary.
Yep. Cool story troll.
Before the year ends I'll probably get master 12s or flu games, true blues, and space jams.
Thank you brother
It reminds me of “That Dark Afternoon” from Yang Hongying’s Smiling Cat Diaries. It’s all true!
Thank you so much! Yes that’s what I think I’ll do wait for him to make a move... the waiting part sucks. lol
One of the better shutdown memes I've seen. Have an upvote.
BUT WHY IS THE FELLOW HUMAN SHOUTING?
Went on a date with a guy getting paid to do a study that took brain scans while he was tripping on acid
You got down voted.. but you're absolutely right. I am now looking into one. Sweet.
It’s ironic, funny, and sad — over 20 years no one cared, just a man and his monkey living quietly. At least they had companionship, until outsiders ruined the balance. 20 years ignored, one online post and the world knows.
Thank god. The capitalists are the most virtuous among us.
There are a few high cost players that will likely be leaving this year. This team could easily afford [NAME].
And religion isn't displayed on uber page. She saw a brown person and refused to interact with them solely based on race. She's a racist.
Ah gotcha, lemme move it. New to this reddit stuffs
Then don’t read it. You don’t have to make a salty comment.
Just looked up TITANS, now I've GOT to watch it!! Thanks for the advice too
at least give the penguin some scritches, as it said no matter what they do, it would head to the mountain anyways 😭
watching my first Cage of Death and my word this is tremendous
At least she can eat Abel or something so we don't have to worry about feeding her.
I also brought my bike to the beach and held it over my head standing in the ocean.
So it's okay when [NAME] does it. But when I do it. I'm being weird. I see. Got it.
That’s so great! Congratulations to you as well!
I'll have you know, we've never lost to a 16-seed that was the winner of a play-in game
It's weird. You might be right to worry.
Why not just bring the county governments back? Let them decide where to establish regionalized schools.
Good mind, good luck.
Terribly sad story. I loved it.
Most [NAME] don’t really know the difference. Its an easy boogeyman.
i fix a clever ritual to make you feel frolicsome
Don't forget the fort camper.
I don't think playing with her hair would work. Thats just creepy.
It's #ThirstyThursday which means it's time to #rage. Get ready for tonight with personal #hydration. Book now. 305-912-4937. #itslit #miami #thirstythursday #rage #hydration #itslit #miami
It's now September and we're still battling a situation that was said to be handled March of this year. @ATT this is unacceptable
Clearly it's all the Big Pharma in the Monsanto™. I heard at least two of those kids had three Monsantos™, EACH!
I'm kinda the opposite. I always look dour and sad even when I'm not...
Now I feel like an idiot calling it a beamer for the 15 years I played baseball.
Sweet. Thanks [NAME]
>Parkour is better in odyssey Hah. Nice one. I was actually believing that this was a serious post up until that point.
Be chill af if you want to offend someone.
And it’s always so uncomfortably awkward when someone says shit like this to you.
KUBIAK WHY HAVE YOU FORSAKEN US???
Oh I haven’t even found those! That’s hilarious though.
Lol, nah, that team was nothing more than nyxl and friends. Nyxl coach, and mostly nyxl players.
Can’t be worse than last week
you dont have to sign up for anything, just literally paste the output of the script.
Sounds like another data point for "fear homo Sapiens", haha.
Yea I'm with you there man.
And it tastes great because it was chilling in my refrigerator
Funny thing, I work at a restaurant and it happened today, which is what pushed me to post this.
Fans of sonic are big fans of 90s cheese though.
@jadelalaa_ hahaha and u da best bro ever luv u hearty hearts
Yeah it was a fun game. :D
We got some good sex scenes or is it blue balling BS?
You’ll pay for that.
Ridiculous. That kid didn’t do anything. Just stood there and smiled, while waiting for his bus. You’re crazy.
Yo Yo Yo,my name is #DarthVader \nI feel like I need to puff on my inhaler (I'm no rapper but that was some sick bars)  #bars #rap #darthvader #bars #rap
This shit got me rolling LMFAO
See, now you’re just projecting insecurity. An intellectual spine would fix that. I mean it. Source: Former hardcore conservative.
This is adorable.
I'm so glad the Ontario government sold off that money pit. /s
It's a shame when a really attractive person does this to themself. Pretty eyes great smile.
Sucks to suck
Are those potatoes on the bottom right...?
[NAME] has shot the three well the past few games. great to see
Some of them really seem to be embittered by their own paranoia.
Then you'll be arrested, play stupid games win stupid prizes.
Lol, like I said, not everything is about you
I don’t think high fees is something they like... but the rest I totally agree with you!
imagine if this was a league youtuber. HOW TO GET FROM IRON 4 TO PLAT 1 INSTANTLY, ABUSE THIS BEFORE IT GETS FIXED!!!
The purple ones with a kraken skeleton or whatever? Yeah, they were from the Cursed Sails campaign and are no longer available.
That actually looks super, super cool.
This made me cringe so hard
I got angry briefly, made a post and got over it quick. Thanks for the diagnosis Doctor. 😆
I don’t get it why are you quoting this Edit can someone explain how he got me and not just downvote lol
Ah my apologies xir, did not mean to offend
That is subjective, it just increased my patience hence, it made me patient. As if I already wasn't.
Exactly. That's why I'm watching his videos as well. ;)
Isn't it awesome. And then they get praised for their problem solving skills and dedication.
Wtf did I just read? That was painful
That poor cleaning lady
This has happened to me with the girls I tried to connect with irl as well as FA "lonely" girls from this very sub
Yes congratulations that was the joke.
If my buddy was getting his ass handed to him like this I'd laugh too. Sometimes people just deserve a little ass whoopin.
never afraid to start over
@gunghoindallas Proverbs 8:13\nThe #fear of the #Lord is to hate #evil; Pride and #arrogance and the #evil #way And the perverse #mouth [1/2] #fear #lord #evil #arrogance #evil #way #mouth
@jade0208 unfortunately the diet is still on, so they will have to wait till Friday I'm afraid.
I came here to say basically the same thing. Too much talent and positional flexibility to have a standard lineup.
Agree! To reach excellence, hard work alone gets you only so far. In China’s massive population, “good” isn’t enough. Talent is the foundation — combined with effort, you’ll succeed.
This literally made my day!
Good grief.
This made me laugh, have an upvote good sir
From "woohoo!!" to blood curdling screams in a matter of seconds.
@BonesARP 'That is a disappointment.'\n\nHe fakes a pout, then starts to chuckle.
Sorry guys I have absolutely no idea what time i'll be on cam tomorrow but will keep you posted.
I haven't gone by the name [NAME] since, oh before you were born.
Same ☹
Why so hateful. I feel sorry for you.
This almost certainly should not have gone to OT. SEC refs are bad CBB refs are bad
That's what everyone says but they are ugly. I want a Diavel, m109, or a Vrod.
They're corrupt, but in the legal ways.
I bought them for her. Hahah she’s a sneaker head
My adopted daughter told me, "You can't tell me what to do. You're not my dad." While true, it still stung.
I don’t believe there’s a hell or heaven.
there is no compromise with people who hold the American people hostage for something the American people don't want. don't negotiate with terrorists.
Adoration is definitely something I could do more of. Thank you!
That's what I heard. 🤣 I'm just curious if calling the cops on [NAME] would hurt him or not.
So, the cops raided my favorite massage parlor today.
Do you understand now why it's so frustrating to hear this kind of stuff all the time?
How random. I did that just riding around town for no reason and saw that lighting.
This night, room polluted with syringes, notebooks and shadows moving, this kind of night! Away melancholy, away!
I wonder what he's listening to...
Politics in the KRG are some of the dumbest and most petty of the Middle East.
Thanks I hate it. Also I've been spontaneously diagnosed with stage 3 cancer throughout my entire body dude watching this video. I start chemotherapy on Monday
How is one not amused by that? I can't imagine being angry even if it was my lunch. lmao...
ROFL! Just about! Didn’t know someone’s eyes could bug out of their head like that outside of cartoons. ;-)
He actually looks pretty crackin'
@evanareteos :)) im now writing abt the changing face of sex industry in tr :))) now men will talk to me then!
Dont want to come over as a sadist, but the story makes all those scene 100x better.
Hey it's been 2 weeks, are your friends still stuck at 60-ish ranks, just gathering info on MM and such.
Sitting here, waiting for the price to drop so i can buy more. I guess it's not gonna happen.
It’s a disgusting mix of mayonnaise, ketchup, and pickle relish.
Prior to the opening of the hunting season in the autumn (when the whole hunting collective/club goes to hunt together) we go hunting alone.
Buddy rocket league fair? I’m play 2 but I play like champion 1 and just get shit teammates 😡
You are delusional if you think big oil and existing deeply entrenched and rich traditional energy can’t pay scientists more money than new renewable energy can.
How do you plan on taking care of 2 infants at the age of 18? What about the third one?
No you are providing more than enough evidence. Post histories do exist. Now fuck off.
>who accused him and [NAME] of raping her then did a porno where she fucked both of them AND [NAME]? She did?
I do go to the school counselor once a week. Thank you for the suggestions
> $100m to throw away For the 2nd time no less.
Hi Mom I accidentally adopted 20 traumatized nerds. -Betty Darkness Dementia Raven Way
bleh. You would think 160 reps in and I wouldn't have that problem. Thanks for the insight.
Great movie, almost timeless :)
It's an exhilarating feeling. Working hard and feeling accomplished whether they notice or not--- you feel fu*king good 🤑
we need more [NAME] like [NAME] and [NAME]. So far those are the only 2 who I have seen stick to their principles.
Well [NAME] was pretty mad at [NAME] for killing that guy who was shooting at them. I assume she’d agree with him.
Oh noo! You are the best dog owner :)
The pass to the wide open [NAME] ?
The hair is super cool though
Just like how one day a magic unicorn might appear and prove us all wrong about them not existing.
@cc_yandian @HillaryClinton her team must draw from a hat for daily personality #drugged #angry #yeller #quiet #screamer #😂😂 #drugged #angry #yeller #quiet #screamer
Very astute observation.
His other stuff is considerably more intense. His shows are pretty incredible.
Her face.... Was priceless.
This was beautiful!
When you decide to root against your favorite team, for a better future “The hardest choices require the strongest will”
Arsenal FC the retirement home... No thanks [NAME]
I'm not conflating anything, I'm describing my experience. I'm curious, where are you from? I'm in the rural south.
I have no objection to nudity, but why is this a thing? So dumb.
@devbostick @daniel_henshall Where is it? :O because it's so beautiful
On reflection I might've been harsh on [NAME], but Bandai's existence was forgettable like a swing flashback in Naruto.
I was in Amsterdam two weeks ago and 400 sq ft apartments were renting for 1800 euros a month in the city. They have density but no affordability.
One day I was really desperate and tried putting warming balms that are intended for sore muscles on my lower tummy and it helps so much!
Worry makes you look at the problem and God makes you look at the promise.  #problem #promise   #faith #God #theanswer #spiritu... #problem #promise #faith #god #theanswer #spiritu
um what about just not engaging and leaving?
Someone made a similar joke and got 500 down votes.
I honestly would've sued anyway. You could have died, and all you got out of it was a guy fired?
With the way [NAME] carried himself in Hard Knocks I wouldn’t be surprised if he flew off the handle during his firing.
Oh lol. Thanks for the clarification. I just thought that’s the texture of the tongue.
lmao I didn't realize that error.
Agree with everything here. Going to med school abroad will always put you at a disadvantage if you want to practice in the states
@iAmSJ I'm so mad for our clients I'm furious lmao
Is it possible you've been banned from them? I dont know how I feel about having the special privilege to view that sub lol.
I think I might like a front end web developer job but not positive since I've always been in healthcare/science
@RealKyper @NHL watching the jubilant scrum at the end of the day and remembering they're all still kids! #priceless #priceless
Thanks, that makes sense.
Eve, Izzy, and Paige cheerfully sing songs together.
Better to spend the weekend in jail than get convicted of something you didn't do.
No evidence—this speculative ruling is flawed. Competitive sports must be built on fairness and justice.
Are you joking? 538 has him hovering around -15 net approval. He won’t win unless Dems nominate someone like [NAME] again at this rate.
BRING BACK NITARA
“The evening breeze lifts your skirt, I hide my love in the autumn.”
You didn't tell me there was a gas lesk!
These are the signs I'm getting old... Wtf is a weed cartridge??
back to reality
And I thought I was too old for this drama (I’m 25)
Nice, I saw them during the Demo and was pretty impressed
This a very obvious joke. Also the old facepalm picture doesn't make your post better.
I have been seeing terrible terrible prescriptions this week. What's going on?
I signed up!! I hope your Mother has a wonderful birthday!!
I'm after interesting things to read (like science, tech, psychology and etc.). So what's my place?
Be careful with the Washington Times. It's not exactly the Washington Post.
Well that makes sense.
Pretty sure [NAME] graduated, and I would assume the [NAME] thing has to be related to the injury...
Bless his heart
well put yourself in his shoes though, it could make for a possible hostile working environment as well as be detrimental to his livelihood.
I couldn’t finish In the Name of the People; I’ve been following The Knockout. The former’s just grand — Hou Liangping can’t compare with An Xin.
I'm betting she's 18 or 19 and freaking out about bills. She'll recognize her error years from now and regret it for a long time.
Witcher in town, hide your women!
You can still joke but people will react negatively and will cause consequences
#PeopleLikeMeBecause    People are using this hashtag to brag about themselves.  I'm not interested in pleasing others, but in pleasing God. #peoplelikemebecause
Thanks! Do you think I should talk to her or drop it for now?
What about fuckboi from DR? [NAME] ex. She was frauded if anyone was. Naive, but frauded.
Right now, it feels like a good thing but not a great thing. I don't love it... But I don't hate it.
I was talking about you when I said if Idk if your talking about yourself
I gotta say, some of the things mentioned are pretty fun. I mean, at least when your in your 20s.
You are grieving a hard loss, and might benefit from some grief therapy.
Bless you for raising awareness.
>Default mods you people keep saying those words like they mean something.
I'm sorry but I would've have pressed charges on the guy who kicked me in the ribs while I was being held down.
And that still doesn’t change my speculation. Cops could have gotten it wrong on the front end when getting the warrant
Wow. I hope that asst manager will be looking for a new job soon.
Whoops, just posted about those two subjects elsewhere ITT before I saw your post.
We’re used to crazy cold weather but this is much worse, a lot of people are just staying inside till Thursday.
Oh, I should just 'get over' my #depression and 'be happy?' Don't you think I've tried that thousands of times already? You're not helping. #depression
At least he'll always have a job in a russian circus. Cant teach a bear to do that trick
well my day started off great 🙃 the mocha machine wasn't working @ mcdonalds.
Once upon a time I got banned for a whole day because of bad behavior... Oh wait that was all of us...
I live in Wyoming and I had WiFi once
No offense but to the ppl out there using creams to build your glutes...COME ON. Go squat and what not.
In such a situation, I would save the mother. Always.
You like [NAME] but dislike [NAME]? That is weird considering that they both are on the same low level of intelligence.
Whitewashing Liu Xin? No surprise — those defending her on Weibo share the same warped values!
Point proven. Thanks
Depends on the state, generally speaking.
@EricNobody @ArmouredSkeptic @YouTube This shit is gonna start a cold war of who can flag who first.
My wife with BPD hasn't even kissed me in over a year. Get used to it if you're sticking around.
SAP level data
Some People hate nothing more than a happy confident person. Never mind  #confident #confident
It's beautiful. I would eat it with gusto. Do something more shitty in the future
Their entire life is based around who/what they object to because they are too scared to be *for* anything.
WHY THE FUCK IS WES ON THE FLOOR, HE CANT DEFEND SHIT
I’m sorry. But, keep your respectability politics to yourself
This live meet the queens is awkward AF, I’d rather them produce this and make us watch nicely edited stuff.
I'm so drunk I cheereds a bot as if it was OP LOL
We riot if he doesn’t get it!
Can you provide any evidence to your claim that right wingers are using this to smear her?
Canaryproject.org is great. They hold people accountable for saying horrible racist things.
@TheGoatShow @GameGrumps now that I have been sucked into this wormhole of hilarity with no escape, I can say how weird and accurate this is
I will third Blues City Deli...the Prez [NAME] is ridiculous!
@_MrAminuddin @ejainews @_AlifH @AhmadFuadAdnan dont play with this master noob u want to win.. #serious #serious
yup - he threw [NAME] under the bus with no guilt
This hurts me more than the fan meme.
Maybe I’m in a “fake Zhejiang” — second year can’t return home; low-risk to low-risk (Jiangxi) still banned.
yup today hit me extra hard since im unemployed. i feel like im not meant to work, or meant to do anything really!
OF COURSE. I TOO LIKE EYEBROWS
Pro Tip: Go back to work when your kid reaches 20 mos old.  Stay home any longer, and you'll be absolutely miserable with the .
[NAME] better apologize to [NAME] for her comments, given that now she knows how it feels to send someone home.
That first picture perfectly depicts the epitome of a punchable face.
So insightful!
That was the same sunset! Very cool, thanks for sharing.
This is awesome. Always been wanting more historically accurate representations of ancient Chinese military equipment and soldiers and not the almost fantasy level stuff seen in drama's.
Has September been dull? Get #SuperSeptember from Jumia Food as a new user. Order from The Place, Barcelos or Shawarma &amp; Co for 30% off #superseptember
The Sunderland time line is quite funny with all the doom &amp; gloom in facing us and the long trip to us midweek. #whatgoesaroundcomesaround #whatgoesaroundcomesaround
I don't think there's any "most women" on this. For me, it took well over a year after my marriage broke up.
Stop giving this idiot attention.
**You are breaking the car!**
Fool you twice, shame on you
No it was a joke
"antibiotics I had left over from last year" THERE IS EVERYTHING WRONG WITH THIS STATEMENT
Everywhere I go, the air I breathe in tastes like home.' - @The_Currys
I'm cautiously optimistic about him.
[NAME] isn't exactly a lyrical genius set's be real: that dumbass just couldn't come up with a different rhyme.
Can’t *BE* seen!!!!! OMGSOSTUPIDBADGRAMMER 😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤
That was years ago.
This pretty boy didn't meet [NAME] ! That's why he's still full of life !
22 hours and emailed support an hour ago, no answer yet. Will update here on progress.
It’s news to me🤪
#oow16 #sting decent new song #oow16 #sting
So many inaccuracies here.....
Thanks, I’ll look into it
You are very pretty. You also seen to have good taste in popsicles, that looks delicious.
"Seeeee! We have one of them coloureds too!"
becasue [NAME] is a propaganda meister, its his job. Come on now
i'm doing laundry and watching that 70's show with a bunch of strangers.  #birthday #to #me #birthday #to #me
Lets make a new reddit. Everything here is a repost anyways. r/conspiracy is the most fun though. Lets start from scratch.
Love you, [NAME]
It's such a relieving feeling to know you're finally gone. You never have to go back. You are so strong you got this!!
You came in uniform, returned wrapped in the flag. Without your sacrifices, we wouldn’t have peace. Salute to heroes, to all who march against danger — may you always return safely 🙏🙏🙏
I'm watching joyful noise for 100000000 time cuz I love this movie and @KekePalmer
You’re too optimistic—work before and after the holiday, so only 5 real days off. Like that year when Mid-Autumn and National Day overlapped.
Just scrolling through their sub, they seem to be upset they lost [NAME]. Hope he’s the right guy for the job
You are the expert.
Love the hair
Oh no, I'm getting flashbacks
Yup! She was also on a show called Queen Bees that was on the N network. I have never seen that show but I really want to
A few days ago, my aunt called and asked—of the 60 people at our Meituan site, only 10 aren’t sick 😂
The Right: "Why won't the left let us rape, abuse and brainwash children without putting their liberal noses where they don't belong."
> Men are. Women are. People are. > > Soon. I love you
o7 o7 o7 o7 I couldn't donate sadly
Imagine thinking anybody cares about the constitution at this point.
Maybe you should do some self reflection if you don't like it then, or seek a therapist.
Life is just an endless series of disappointments and no one gets out of here alive.
Ok, I will take this with a pinch of salt, but take it into consideration nonetheless. Thanks.
I miss the Scottish [NAME].
I love you tooooo!!
I think those red hats increase their IQ by -1
Honestly, without talent, no amount of effort works. The gifted excel effortlessly — it’s unfair.
I can help.
My man!! You go. That's brilliant. Brightened my day.
We got nowhere with that because you only drop one-liners and refuse to actually engage.
He let a raccoon into our house.
Good job for politicising a tribute to a local TV show beloved by many.
Then he drove away.
Come to Melbourne [NAME], my wife cooks a rest roast we would love you over for dinner
so fucking sad when the person you love doesn't try fighting for your happiness, when you'd do anything for them.
That was my mistake. It should only show your First Name and The 1st letter of my last name.
Man I hate kids
They are so damn handsome!
Hope it works for you OP.
Dream on — at most 8 days off (Sept 29–Oct 6), then work 7 straight days (Oct 7–13).
Interesting situation. You're actually supporting a strong awesome woman, but everyone who sees you is just gonna think you're a misogynistic psycho.
Well thanks. Digital currency is one thing I personally havent gotten into yet.
Great Expectations!
Thanks, but to my mind, I had no choice. My marriage is everything to me.
"Electricity scam"? ...and I'm pretty sure [NAME] is not an idiot.
i can already tell molly tryna be fake above shit so she gon deny dude one time then jump on his offer in the end. #insecure #insecure
Haha yeah. Are the squat toilets that prevalent? I’m hoping to avoid them when I go.
Dam tears in my eyes now, but seriously great job
I think I saw some eyeball flying!
You have no recourse. You can always start your own fb group if you'd like.
Is that the only symptoms you’ve noticed? Are you normally worried for social situation?
I think I love you mate😂
Yes, but you don't need it to play.
I think I must scare my coworkers when I'm eating like a rabid animal on my breaks #srry #srry
A not very young man compiled info on a smiling baby then a mattress created new evil.
That [NAME] block on the [NAME] TD was awesome. He sealed the left side with authority.
Everyday, always, I am a hero inside my head
No matter the difficulties, you’ll overcome them. Strength isn’t a hardened heart — it’s smiling with tears in your eyes.
She's chill and is somewhat careful of her surroundings..
Thank you [NAME] goodnight
Don't ask women for dating advice unless you are a woman. The answers you get will do you no good.
I like you — no conditions, no reasons — just simply like you.
@LogicIsPowerful Not all of them are bad. But I support your right to offend them all.
[NAME], are you a real person? Thanks for proving his point about how uneducated you are.
Don't worry, nobody expects much from you people anyways.
[NAME] i was mostly curious about the background because it's very good.
I'm not different than [NAME] secret refusing to sell male clothing.
I mean, your account is a day old, so I think you’ll be okay.
True, and so sad to see. Somewhere along the way, the governing of a country my mutual consensus turned into a national sport with 2 teams.
@NisaLocally @CocaCola_GB thanks love share a coke and holiday with my family  #smile for a chance to #Win :) #smile #win
Interesting... is it a felony in certain jurisdictions?
My favourite pool! Shame I don't live around there anymore
I have a launch xb1 and i have maybe crashed twice since the game came out. I have almost 8 days played btw...
Oh my [NAME]. The hand mixer instead of forks. Shredding poultry is like my least favorite thing on Earth
As long as you do the cooking by the book 😏
They'll just move. There is no amount of enforcement that will change that. The United States isn't the only nice place to live.
#On a rainy day I dont accept any doordash requests unless there is a minimum of $5 bonus #on
@modelady24 I know, right? I had a tinge of the same thought. Glad it's Six from BSG, though. Happy the show stayed consistent after break.
Why did I get a boner reading this? That Magnesium supplement is doing its job methinks
cheers friend. same thing happened to me 2 days ago. hazzah!
Browns offense has been rough but hes keeping the ball moving.
Hahahah this is awesome.
Nobody likes you
Me but with boobs. When will be able to trade body parts [NAME]
It's simple, he's blunt, and that is what some people need.
Hopefully once [NAME] comes back, ZAR has earned a spot on the 2nd line LW.
I don't think either of them took that bump outside any worse than the other. That was jarring.
“she’s turned the weeans against us!”
The Almond Magnums are amazing... and I ate the three in one sitting 😭 In Australia you can find the magnums at IGA :)
OMG kids are dying from polio??
That’s abuse and manipulation. She trained you well. I’ve lived it, brother.
They're men, they view the vagina as a hole to stick things in, they too have a hole to stick things in. Indistinguishable!
That’s pretty neat
At the very least it is an emotional affair or the beginnings of one, with less than truthful explanations.
Good bot!
Share with grand-daughter. She needs to learn how to bake or she'll never get a good man to take care of her.
I am sports entertained.
I don't think you've ever seen the dsm. If you knowingly do something stupid you don't deserve anything but what you get
Is this worth watching? It comes off like its glorifying the guy and kinda puffy.
I'm sick of them eating my cheddar.
@matildaswish it's great to see Matilda so happy in her new chair it will provide her with access to lots of new experiences. #smiling #smiling
Yep of course.
Who are these women messaging [NAME]? He looks like a very average-looking teenager.
Is [NAME] more of a [NAME] or a [NAME]?
> We're angry, but we don't want to be labelled as violent nutters.
He is a douche, but I love that douche!
Australia... Nooooooooooo!
Not when it’s literally contradicted and not corroborated by every other one of that witnesses’s witnesses.
We were going to blow that record away.
The face in the bottom photo is perfect!
Pretty good, yourself? Edited - Saw the link, hahaha... How you doin? ;)
I’m tryin to make the community better and bring this to peoples attention he’s a filthy cheater
I love this cross-over
Boycotters aren’t debating “did Sun Yang dope,” but his violent obstruction undermining procedural justice.
Thanks!! :)
how maybe it was with you and your parents..that I would understand you and your fear of indifference from your own mom and dad..
Embrace the feels my friend. Glad you found happiness even if it is fleeting.
By the way...in case you didnt know...joshuas goin out tonight...to take the trash out and then play blues at ever us 6.75
Dude this is a repost from [NAME] you can see When you go into the comments
i think people who get up in a dizzy over an add that shames bullying and sexual harassment are probably special snowflakes.
Aw thanks for the hug, and yeah he did sound like a jerk.
I heard the ostrich was sick.
Yeah I've heard that every store is very different. I'm sorry to hear you don't like your current situation. :(
I’ve had a hard time finding stuff in the area, occasionally Construction Junction will have a decent old handsaw or two...
Or you could learn to reverse park and stop whining. It’s a lot easier to park backwards.
Love seeing the guys have fun.
He said he says it on his own but I don't want him to say it at all. I feel like their bio mom hates me
You did. But I’m not arguing with a bunch of troglodytes. Have a nice day.
I like how the last picture is of [NAME] beaming smile and not even so much about the tattoo at all.
[NAME] did it first!
I'm just happy anybody's talking to me. I'll listen again :-)
Just got home from work, do we really have 4 goals on 8 SOG?
Absolutely... pretty ridiculous dt. I’m in [NAME]
Just paid for chicken at @panerabread and didn't even get any 😑😑😑 there goes 4 dollars and me as a customer
It is incredibly dangerous which is why there are professionals for this, also these professionals use a saber and not a kitchen knife
@Popstufs3 Coffee is good and view is even better 😊
When analyzing data, we must consider accuracy and validity. India’s flattening trend might reflect real stability — or they just stopped reporting. Without accounting for such factors, like experts citing “95% asymptomatic,” the figure may simply reflect differing definitions.
You got it, thanks!
Don't see it at all, but she's cute with the freckles
Have to love Billy's commitment. Absolutely hilarious.
@jessebwatters lol. Love it when you aggravate Juan. Keep up the good work. Lol
But half of the money they made belongs to her.
@RiotzXVl papercuts sting and stub ur toe last for like 10 secs
You’re as cool as a hand-job on a honeymoon. Go draw some anime and cry yourself to sleep.
Florence, SC?? Bc if it is I wouldn’t be surprised at all 😂
I just had deja vu reading this comment. Weird.
What is that exactly?
I honestly have no idea what [NAME] offers Genuinely don't rate him
He had been so worried that the stepmom would have a hard time integrating into the family.
I love it (Blacklock holiday)
Omg! That's awesome thank you so much!
Religion is different. It's not just facts and information.
Anti-vaxers aren't funny anymore, now they're just scary...
[NAME] Falafel in Dearborn has some of the best around.
Projection is perception. See it in someone else? You also at some level have that within you.  #worry #worry
They didn't have a "bullpen" when they won the WS or when they went to the ALCS last year. They will get by as always
I've been out of the country for the past week, has [NAME] stopped sitting on the fence and stated support for remain in that time?
Interesting read. Thanks for sharing
I'm curious how he does in the counties you mentioned. The primary might end up being super close, but you know more than I do.
I think the teacher was right though. Money would make a terrible aggregate.
Is it weird that I read this with Papa [NAME] voice
Still, it’s legal weed. Sorry, sad [NAME] here..
Look up info on being an empath. I am one and am complete drained after outings even if I had a blast.
My pride. I'm like a roach, unsightly to look at but determined to survive
I am confused. I don't understand how that relates to what I said. Could you explain? Sorry, maybe I'm just tired lol
But once again that is a problem with the people. So many just attack the people who disagree instead of the arguments.
I didn’t realize! I’m pretty new here. Should I check the website?
Did that EVER work? Why did [NAME] keep going to that play over and over again when it resulted in 4th down after 4th down?
Concas! In vic park. Been closed down multiple times for health and safety violations lol
you come running back to me saying how much you miss me then cower away when we acc try a friendship 👍🏼
[NAME] didn't finish the LPs!? Wow. I am in episode 20 something and was expecting him to finish :(
wild guess but I think any cheering for her to "clean him out" comes from her being cheated on.
Can't stand people who spam their terrible youtube channels
That might be intentional? Not sure, I don't use it.
This is amazing to think about and love that [NAME] is there. 10/10
I understand why she is an ex now.
I loved when the guy who plays [NAME] showed up as a reporter in The Good Place, but I wish he'd have spoken the same way.
Thanks mate.
Please share lol
Is it that good ? i'd need it too in that case :(
And it would be totally yawnworthy the 2nd time round. The shock value has gone forever. You can only do that once.
This makes me feel better about some of my poor decisions.
I want [NAME] to bite me
It’s trying to steal his soul by sucking his breath out of him .
No there's only one emoji.
So. Much. *Effort.* I ca't believe a tree died for this sin.
Well, I bought cheese when I went, and was shocked at the great variety and lower prices. That probably skewed my view.
cant wait to see you on the news; future rapist. you sound like a real loser.
Too busy being on that stupid ass mystery singer show
Yeah, you should divorce your husband. Unless you enjoy being miserable.
covergirl (girl...girl..^girl...girl... )
Ha ha love flats description of Marlie packer... Default setting 'combat mode'.... 😂😂😂😂😂  #brilliant \n@davidflatman @MarliePacker #WRWC2017 #brilliant #wrwc2017
Thank you! [NAME] is drafting off this documentary.
UNLIMITED POWER!
Thanks! That was an interesting read. Seems there really is a city where they built more homes than there were people to live there!
I love this. I really want to hug [NAME] now.
was....was he not?
@Brennan_PB Backs up what I always thought ... yer all as mad as each other 😂
Those are female toes. Busted!
Pretty much same. It’s always me who has to change. I’m the one wrong.
Banning abortion causes way more harm than good and is evil to be against. Same with requiring suffering people to suffer. you seem evil
Me too, I've heard before that I'm too blunt and I feel bad about it at times
This uber driver TRIED it with me &amp; he'll feel my wrath
I love you
@RealTimBooth I've never been fond of having dark eyes until seeing this share.
Wish i had more up votes for you.
I genuinely don't think he is. Those features with a friendly smile or a cheeky grin, backed up by a good personality could totally get it.
you go away
thanks man.
Ah good call - I dont plan to take submissions for that reason
Also interesting to note that [NAME] left Lille for Monaco, been an interesting player when I've watched Lille this season
I live in australia and even aussies say "cook the man some eggs" as a joke to kiwis
[NAME] just played her ass...hehehe
That made me smile. Thank you!! And yes, definitely replacing her on my reference list lol.
Burn it!
asked a flustered girl that bumped into my arm.
That’s cute wth
Wow. What is wrong with you
The snaps/Insta pics I see of the friends I made while in Cali are so unbelievably depressing cause there's no place I'd rather be but there
Don't worry, he won't be for long
It took me a moment but it was unexpected and got a laugh
Sabaton are pretty cool. I take it you'd also like Rammstein and Turmion Katilot?
Thank you for this video
thanks <3
I did as much time as I could on my feet for closing gate, but had to sit for stretch before cannon.
First season got a lot of attention. I didn’t like the second season as much
But I feel like such a tool!
> LMAO, it's not free shit head, where the fuck is the source codes? This the real question.
Can you please write up a summary of how the event went? The live stream isn't working because they changed the venue. Thank you!
I hate these memes because [NAME] never cared if he did or didn't have a nose.
Yes in 5he 80s when everybody in NYC was snorting coke at the clubs he was [NAME]. He was also rich then.
wait, no more [NAME] SJW pwned vids in my recommended? YOU DARE DISGRACE OUR LORD AND SAVIOUR?
Maybe don't pick something quite so obscure.... But my girl does
Agreed. You can't count on him every night. The entire team is frustrating as hell
Funny, I don't know a single MRA who's been accused of sexual assault... but I know plenty of feminists who have...
Love him! "Thank You God" is one of my favorites of his.
And a hell of a lot better receivers. [NAME], [NAME], prime [NAME], [NAME].
Thank you for reconsidering. It is very important to open discussion. Does this help you see how the dems and gop ARE actually different?
I'm so annoyed/sad YouTube is burning itself to the ground 🙄🙄
So, [NAME] was also paying to allow her to eat healthier. Let’s look at the bright side!
@SkySportsRL i would just get some decent referees #shocking #shocking
Aww, what a cute pair
Haha. Fucking banana stand. Didn’t realize people actually used them.
I realized that it is not #death that I #fear but it is the act of dying. \n#life #death #fear
Thank you so much for this post. You wrote what I always thought and couldn't describe.
By your logic the AIDS epidemic must mean HIV contributes to the well being of people who have it.
Read the poem "To this Day". I just read it. I liked it.
You'll feel better about yourself if you don't act like an asshole to people who care about you.
Was there a new episode this week?
ive seen plenty of subbed anime I even saw P4 Golden anime subbed
You should have noped out of the whole thing the moment the racist with a racist character came into the picture.
Seeing the past doesn't mean being in the past
sorry my fellow youngsters, we're illiterate.
HOLy SHIT I HAVE KADRI IN MY POOL
Agreed, those who are waiting for their life-changing amounts to buy a home for their families just have to wait.. they are so selfish
I hate his hoist a shit shot and throw your legs forward so you can draw a foul on the defender for crowding your landing space.
Cuz some things could become brittle and break...
There are too many factors at play to really say that. It's still probably disappointing.
So I tried to make things as simple as possible, even though it was a pretty fancy wedding (my mom's standards).
That logo looks cool in the morning lol almost cyperpunk
Happy Daily Peko #270! Source couldn’t be found I think it’s from the manga. #270
"I'm a lady! I do ladies things!" He's a real life [NAME]!
Do pandemic rules not apply to foreigners? Try switching them with Chinese nationals. Stop making excuses, you kneeling crowd.
That's interesting, considering that the other area is Mt. Tremblant, which is a real area of Quèbec.
Does anyone remember a movie that is animated in the late 70's called Shame of the Jungle John Bulushi was in it wild if that's your taste
thanks. I really hope it does get better
On my phone I can delete a conversation and when someone will send a message it will look like the first message ever
As a 29 year old newly married man, I still do some cringey stuff from time to time.
Yes @itv2 @LoveIsland putting that Angel @MikeThalassitis back in the villa was the best move #revenge #returnofthemike #LoveIsland #hot #revenge #returnofthemike #loveisland #hot
Extremely painful to watch
An entire family gone within minutes... how absolutely heartbreaking.
Oh, doi. Makes total sense now. Boy I really hope I get fired for this blunder.
Went on a trip to the Austin area. This park is nice if you haven’t been there. Subscribe if you can. Enjoy
But uncle buck is on tho . #UncleBuck #hilarious #unclebuck #hilarious
QB Coach too? Shit..
I like Nurse. He shows grit. This is the stuff [NAME] should be doing.
I'm NoT LiKe ThOsE oThEr DeSiS.
Thanks for the support, yeah my dad has been trying to make me feel a little better.
Seems kind of literal
Nia even in its current state vr can help you with that. And maybe even more 5 years from now.
Thank you so much I'm going to start it right after the Golden Globes!
> is not needed for dogs. Wrong. In *this* case it wasn’t. It very often is.
It's common knowledge that offering to feed yourselves to wolves makes them leave you alone out of boredom.
@jamielamieee @gerbicapiral_ @Dory then I look at you and we burst out laughing
It’s never been fully explained why such witchcraft shouldn’t exist — what’s the logic behind its persistence? Why are there believers, priests, even markets?
I think you're mistaken, muscle memory is rather strong it would simply be a reflex
I know it’s perfectly cooked but something just grossed me out about it. Oh well
Haha I hope this is real. Look up neti pot. Warm water will soften the paper and come out.
I approach him start to speak... `` Excuse me... what where Annie's last... '', and before I could get ` working hours ' out of my mouth, a celeberty young artist of 24 stalks in, her name is Silvery White.
Its nice but irrelvant. With [NAME] and [NAME] there I only see a no deal exit
Thanks so much for the precious advice, that is very helpful!
Thank you :) I was starting to seriously wonder if something was majorly wrong with my maternal instincts haha
I feel like we have a deceptively large fan base
It's in the news. I think I read it in SFgate or maybe mercury news.
Omg they are adding audio???!! Epic really loves to cater to the sweats
Will BYU's offense score 24+ vs WVU?
i gasped. This sucks. He was very very sick and I hope he's at peace.
This may look like hyperbole but you would have to be autistic to not pick up on the sarcasm in that post.
So true! My brain always goes to these places when buying a car...
Oh my god, I'm so glad this wasn't just me. I thought my YouTube was broken!
Heh, U.S. only has a partial government right now :/
@JaredWyand Trump wasn't laughing anyway, his expression never changed, he was smiling because it was a moment of levity, nothing racist!
You dont know how much that boosted my self-esteem right now. Thank you stranger
Uncle doods is awesome.
oh yeah? Mines real
This is child abuse. No decent parent would force their kid to starve just because they don't understand science and nutrition
Hopefully we will se [NAME] at least as a sub. We love you [NAME].
Can we ban posts about him now he's a predator? It just makes me sad now, Idk about anyone else
@rickysnecklace I'm so proud Mils! Keep smiling ❤️
That boy just learn why you don't mess with a woman.
Being in the countryside all day was so pleasing
I concur:
What do you do for a living?
Is it wrong that I've been really disappointed that I haven't gotten to try out my new snowblower? :-/
Agreed! I’m so excited for her story this season!
I love PnR
What do you call someone who graduates at the bottom of their PhD program? Doctor.
@ily_geuly call me now I'm laying in my bed moping like I intend to do for the next 2 months.
::but I like baby bangs:: /tiny voice
I'm absolutely in love with Laurie Hernandez, she's so adorable and is always so cheerful!
"I love ya, Mom". Man, if I was his mom I'd knock him into next week.
You're beautiful! Your sister is a great photographer too, this photo looks so natural!
That's no trip. That's a hip check with flair.
It's different when it's your younger sibling, people
I ask her to tell me hers first, and she starts telling me how she dreamed the Sears Tower was falling down...
@FFBren @CDCarter13 included for maximum #sadness #sadness
He is sacrificing himself for our sins. [NAME] bless.
I needed this in my life
Well at least you are honest.However unless you are an imperialist i too see no reason whatsoever to occupy Afrin,not much to gain only problems.
Thank [NAME] can we need more guys healthy
There is a difference, because unless something had given them encouragement, they'd still be feeling negative about it.
I feel like an appendix. I don't have a purpose. #sad #depressed #depression #alone #lonely #broken #sadness #cry #hurt #crying #life #sad #depressed #depression #alone #lonely #broken #sadness #cry #hurt #crying #life
i appreciate your response! you are totally right... i gottA get out of my head.
Yep. That's what made me kiss my SO for the first time. Those eyes. I don't think I'll ever forget.
My [NAME]! This isnt a vaccine! It's a jello shot!
I had a dream that I dropped my iPhone 7 and it broke T_T #cry #iPhone7  #cry #iphone7
Well im sorry that the truth doesnt clear up suspicion but who am i to judge ¯_(ツ)_/¯
Cut out the middle man! Be oppressed directly by your corporate overlords!
Shouldn’t locals get priority in her mom’s village? It’s a designated site — outsiders come for convenience and then block locals?
You've shifted the goalposts from first novel to first modern novel... You people always complain that incels don't provide any support for their claims.
This didn't happen in the US
He must smell terrible when he sweats. That's honestly pretty gross.
Then he is innocent. I'd rather have a president that we know for sure isnt undermining our democracy by conspiring with a foreign nation.
For crying out loud, all they had to do was use the smegging wipers!
Murder is $3 million, but genocide is only $25 million. Everyone after 8 is free! What a deal!!
I’m about to have a heart attack tonight
My best guess is because the wine in his glass is purple. Whether it was a purposeful [NAME] quote or not, I dunno.
AKA free to those who can afford it.
This is one of my favorite details/hidden views in the entire city.
There's no better way to make yourself miserable than by comparing yourself to others.
Correct them. It’s best to let them know the real you right from the beginning rather than later.
Nah, there's no such message.
Only time the police get any love
*holy shit* I'm pretty sure the panther thought the same thing
Hahahaha!! I was thinking the exact same thing. But you could really feel the excitement while reading! 10/10
They definitely do They wouldn’t play something else then
Seeing [NAME] on Sunday and I'm so fucking stoked
I take Yaz to treat PMDD and it has minimal side effects for me: no acne, no weight gain, no babies. I hope this helps!
[NAME] at 2.38 against Moicano seems like excellent value for me
Talented people are rare — most are ordinary. But hardworking ordinary people can stand alongside the gifted. That’s a fact.
I think she has a good chance
Look at that thing...could tear you to shreds
I'm sorry but did anybody else read the first paragraph and get flashbacks to My Immortal? \x45\x62ony [NAME], is that you???
I like you.
My alarm is for 8. Thank you very much!
CBD dog treats. They’ve worked wonders for my dog when it comes to fireworks.
I watched that worm fish sauce thing. So gross, disgusting, bleh, NO,NO, and HELL NO!!
Even talent fades without effort — like Fang Zhongyong. Shouldn’t Weibo fix itself? Why are depressing topics always trending?
It would be nearly impossible to get to the point of being immobile/bedbound without someone enabling you hand and foot.
That looks like an expensive hobby.
Meh, it’s “next man up” over there. I’ll be worried when they stop making it to the playoffs.
Oh boy 🤣🤣
Seeing double am so tired but I always grudge getting off my phone at night 🙄
While we were swimming, I went out where it was almost to my shoulders.
Stop attacking me.
Queen coming for that 2nd week!
I mean it changes that game at least because if the defender actually wraps him up it’s a sack because [NAME] never threw the ball.
thanks, got traded from the habs and I remembered liking his game during pre season, was wondering why he got sent down. oh, and fuck [NAME]
Just had to reverse half way up the woods to collect the dog n I've never even reverse parked in my life 🙄
.@morningmika &amp; her @HillaryClinton Super PAC @Morning_Joe @MSNBC in full #panic mode over @realDonaldTrump #momentum!\n\n#TrumpPence16 #MAGA #panic #momentum #maga
This world has some serious issues we should all go to therapy
Removed - Unrelated Content
The afterimage lit up green and orange against my eyelids.
"Lots of guns"
Unfortunately, he'll never quite see that.
If I wasn't destitute I would give you gold. I humbly offer my upvote.
You weren’t here for the original wording but thanks for playing.
PAC man looks too fast
A stunning place, you will need lots of cuddles to stay warm though!
Pokemon Go has kind of helped me with depression, tbh.
Ironic, since [NAME] is literally doing that, but with migrant children
I had that thought as well.
I seem to alternate between 'sleep-full' and sleepless nights. Tonight is a sleepless one. 😕 #insomnia  #notfair #insomnia #notfair
@sophieRblake @SkySpeedway @Kelvin_Tatum @chrislouisIWSC no wonder Kelvin and Chris are smiling! 😍
One day in high school, my mom corners me in my room holding up this small white thing.
Did you win? We need one positive thing out of this disaster of a Saturday night.
You can humanize and normalize everything.
I’d buy a cheap version of it.
@1NatalieMaines Can you imagine being the person who has to spray tan him?
[NAME] is trying not to laugh through his lines and hoesntly I love it.
Thanks bot! The water looks so weird now
If you're worried about cost, getting a double edged safety razor is a much better choice, also way better for the environment.
Angel got me nervous out here 😷
Nah, rest is pretty cringe too
Rec and Red just need to die as teams. Fucking joke of a performance here considering how much funding they are both getting.
I blinked a few times and fought with myself to deny what I was seeing.
This is a joke, right...?
Well I'm scared as shit let's hope for the best, benz should be back(?)
I’d like to know too. How lucky am I that my first ever relationship was with a pwBPD. sigh
But, when I feel the sand under my feet, hear the roar of the waves and the strength of the gulf winds pushing and pulling the water in a sacred motion, all else is gone.
"I love games. That's why I keep all those zip ties, plastic sheeting, balls gags and cattle prodders in my trunk."
Weird way to type YYYY-MM-DD
I seriously don’t get how these refs allow everything to go in the first half, but the slightest touch is a foul in the second.
@_Adam_Price @WalesPolitics  Am afraid you're at back of BBC queue, editorially trumped by Ron Davies and bicycle paths
I had this :
Sounds like people who are making a career out of being part of the bureaucracy have come across hard times. Shucks.
You spelled Nazis Propaganda wrong.
She accidentally tagged someone with the last name Bells
It was funny until they started to diss on chick fil a
Boring way to get it and unfair with the rest of the pkayers
beautiful story arc. glad you decided to end it in my semi hometown of excelsior - really neat lil town.
Right. Because [NAME] was a circumcized [NAME] who died for our sins.
Thanks, it’s funny how to me this seemed a leap but not one person agrees, lol
I feel like she’s going to defect sometime between now and when the baby is 6 months old... I hope she sees the light! 💛
Don’t forget to show your work!
There will *always* someone gaming the system. Always. I still donate food for the other 999 people that really need assistance to get over a tough time.
Brother please allow me to humbly agree. This is done. Take care of yourself.
So I've decided to go talk to Mr. Smithrud about that creepy fucking guy since he gave me a fucking anxiety attack this morning
They’d be stupid to trade AB. Let’s all calm down and just ignore the media and let this thing die down.
Youtube "glitch through anything red dead online" and filter to show videos from the last week. 😊
Imagine the smell of burning those pages
Then it began to snow... hard.
The two most talented receivers [NAME] had, [NAME] and [NAME], had their careers interrupted by injuries and nonsense.
Because they aren't different subspecies
Maybe 2 years ago the time wasn't right for your relationship and now it is. It's been long enough to give it a second chance imo.
I have a 4k screen lol. I didn't know you could do custom css rules. Thanks for the help.
i feel like they are hateful towards everyone but that might be me not understanding their community
I HATE that song...I did not vote for it. A few of my songs I liked went at around 60-70
@noveliciouss OMG, that's such a beautiful quote.  #amwriting #amwriting
oh lawd he comin. What a c h o n k
[NAME], thanks for playing [NAME]
Haha... nice
Star Wars Episode IX: We’re Sorry Please Come Back We Fixed It
What a strange song
Didn't watch it. I assume the invasion plan dead in the water because the UK has nukes.
Maybe you should get your cataracts removed to avoid walking into tree branches.
That would be cool
The perfectly timed dessert, and delicious looking, too!
I feel horrible for the government workers caught in the middle of this. I hope it ends soon.
What's absurd here is that anyone believes a bottle of champagne is worth 34k.
You're really just having a field day today huh?
What prompted you to change? Just curious. She does have a tinge of perfectionism.
Aaahahahha- you had me at Jabba the Hut for a role model 😂😂❤️
Hmmmmm. I'll have to go pay that sub a visit.
You got some dick recently right, you're happy, you're not sick and you're smiling. Life is good' 😭😭😭
Honestly man just keep scuttling instead of changing
no idea how [NAME] was a [NAME] or [NAME]. just awful
Saying cancer isn’t bad precluded you from being a rational human being.
Stop using that excuse he hasn't been dominant since returning
Thank [NAME] some people are still willing to thrash brain dead idiots in the comments.
Haven't you heard? This one game literally decides if we are good or bad.
dude, thats grave danger for sure. thats terrifying. he was a predator for young men interested in sports cars. luring in for diabolic purposes!!
and I think some of our most spiritually weighty experiences came, counterintuitively and recognized in hindsight, in levity and daily grace
I am proud of you random internet stranger, you peopled good today.
Yikes, not good. If you can afford it I suggest getting out of dodge as quick as you can.
Of course. I'm curious as to why you'd think it was a bad sign?
@AlamRahman today which can impact the signal, I'm afraid :-( Our engineers are working to have this resolved by this evening and you'll
Sphh, that was badass. I say that went well.
We are usually way worse in the 3rd tbf
They were bad times.
Thats pitty indeed
There's piece of shit 2 bedroom homes in Palo Alto that cost 3 million. Those schools are damn good though.
If we flip it, it’ll be too expensive for you to illegally emigrate there and retire, grandma.
I like you. Yes, you.
Can we just take a minute to appreciate the thigh. So delicious and so cheap.
Probably not, and I'm fine with that. Not exactly the position nor type of person a rebuilding team needs.
[NAME] was half-blood but it wasn't a smart idea to bring up his father.
My ukulele bag has fallen apart. 😐 WELLL AT LEAST my life hasn't yet!!
Thank you for your books that shaped my childhood, showed me the beauty of words, and the joy of reading. Wishing you peace and health.
Should probably change the title to add that it is for medical only.
Someone tell me why they are out passing us they taking the game to us when we should be controlling the tempo of the ball to keep the lead.
Hooray for the cancer! /s
Migraine hangover all day. Stood up to do dishes and now I'm exhausted again. GAD, depression &amp; chronic pain  #depression #pain #depression #pain
They could not have done the same thing. Only certain things can go in a reconciliation bill.
I'm crying. Their faces 😂🤣😂
lol I’m realizing that now!
I'm wondering how many players have "PhD In Punishment" -comment unironically.
What do you mean by delicate flowers?
Guessing you didn't read the article cause I ain't said anywhere that I think [NAME] should be fired and also talk about the roster shortcomings
she'd probably do this
After standing in a few times in the past his buddy asks again but warns him that it is the full moon and it won't be like the last times.
Lmao I love how no one replied to say you’re wrong but you had -1 upvotes
WITH not without
Another thank you, this is great info.
hahaha. I was/am honestly surprised that is the only time I've heard of a parent calling a rapid.
I don’t care about this mission Texas stuff
Be single for a while and get your mind right before being with either of them or anybody else.
The itching probably happens when your skin vibrates from the brush.
Doesn’t even fit the sub either
I will pray for your marriage. After we win.
[NAME], she really is my least favorite queen I drag race history. Boring, try-hard, and busted makeup.
I went through that phase, I was quite depressed.
Remember: The life you have is a blessing for #God. Make it a joyful experience regardless of the odds. GBY #god
I AM CERTAIN THIS IMAGE HAS FULLY ACTIVATED MY EXCITEMENT.EXE. bad bot.
how about now
Therapists hate this trick!
SAMMY HAGAR DR 0-0-0-0-0-10-0-0-01-0-01-0-0-10-0-0 HELL YEAH BROTHER SAMMY HAGAR *SAMMY HAGAR* SAMMY SAMMY HAGAR HAGAR
That is a valid question, I hope it can change, but admittedly that hope is pretty small.
We might now be almost maybe nearly ready to potentially maybe play finals. I think [NAME] will make the finals this year. They'll be the surprise team.
Please wake up
Big Mac looked good. Mojo looked alright, especially for his first game in a while.
yep, i think you should just try to be as honest as you can about how you feel, how it affects your daily life, etc
Love this!!!
You mean, their gender. And no, we really just do as much as cis person.
I know North America is a big place but I wonder what it will take to see similar crowds in cities over here.
I tried to but i ended up booing the postman
I felt it once, then I quickly realised I was horribly mistaken when someone better came. There's no such a thing as "the one"
I love that you made sure not to let the last 4 or 5 fall over. That’s important.
Been waiting all week for this game ❤️❤️❤️ #cheer #friday ❤️ #cheer #friday
Yes no one wants to believe my religion and how to make people happy so it makes me sad
I loved [NAME] so much
That's the magic of an album. Sometimes you love it so much, you listen to it until you hate it.
Yet, his recoveries on attacks are abysmal.
that's awesome-sometimes getting in the shower seems like an impossible undertaking but you did it
It was the only thing that changed. The weight gain, terrible acne, and moods... it was all nasty.
That and he’s sneaky dirty
I tried Guinness the other week and it made me gag, what’s different about it to other beer
The photos are haunting
How does that get past the health department? Birds are filthy. Half cooked birds wing is disgusting.
Wow, im the opposite. In year 2 of being apart now.
Thank you! I had no idea Reddit had profile pictures and I've been using for a couple of years.
I agree. Verbatim.
And you forgot Buting and Strang for their world tour squeezing every penny possible from [NAME] death.
[NAME] speed, and good luck.
I once was the 2001st like on a youtube comment. It felt really good to be able to constantly flip that like count between 2K and 2.1K.
Got a nice hairdoodoo
What I would give\nTo feel the sunlight on my face\nWhat I would give\nTo be lost in your embrace 🎧\n\n#Fallen
I'm 27. I've been thinking about joining the club, just to avoid this inevitability
I have no idea what's going on, but I hate when people surround the car like that.
BOOO THIS WAS RIGGED
What a sweet “welcome to your new home!”
Read in the news yesterday that 3.6 million have lost their insurance since the rump took office. I wonder how many of them died because of it?
I will! Thanks!
Thanks for calling me an idiot... was definitely necessary.
Pull that sucker right up to your face
in your neck?
Eat healthy, get as much sleep as you can, and wear a mask when the little one comes along.
1200? I thought it was 12000! Ohhhhhhh. Dr. Now’s not going to be too happy with my weigh-in dis munt.
oh Ye crazy again for 2019 huh
Shaanxi really overdoing it — Xi’an’s 12345 hotline and districts give conflicting info; same number, different staff, different responses. What a mess.
Great podcast called Uncover on this. Highly recommend!!
I didn't see any light yet it still seemed to glow.
Honestly, that would be my nightmare, I’d rather keep [NAME] another season and draft a new QB in 2020 instead
My selfless boi
Makeing a sorta clam shell, or like someone praying but sideways., around my clentched fist.
Put the dip in your butthole. Better buzz and no risk of losing your jaw
We try too, but more often than not those who wish to discuss are not on the level, rare is a Lib here in good faith.
Yes, this is karma farming and it is disgusting to do that, BUT the title *could* be correct. It probably is made up though.
Wow! Congrats! I am really proud of you. Hopefully you feel better soon. What an awesome momma ♥️
Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work.' -- Stephen King #authors #serious #writingtip #authors #serious #writingtip
One of the best (and occasionally worst) things about being from Westside is that you can always see the skyline from any major east-west street!
Damn, that was dirty.
Better mood today! Bring me #teasing, #flirting, #xdressers, #laughter, and #roleplayers! Also #confessions and #secrets @underdeskloser #teasing #flirting #xdressers #laughter #roleplayers #confessions #secrets
Is that you? I love it.
Crack whores are hooking in broad daylight now, eh?
Aw, man, with that title, I was hoping for good old-fashioned corporal punishment, like back in the 1700s.
Guys message got deleted, what did he say?
I want to get rough with him. Choking, tying me up, light BDSM.
Idiots are downvoting your correct comment.
Well [NAME] made me laugh
Have fun with shingles then.
When you have just about enough @marmite in your jar at work for 1/4 of a slice of toast 😩😩 #unhappy #unhappy
My [NAME] it's a mad house over there right now. All of the posts are about letting boys be boys.
Super wet board.. “this feels like a set” What? 😒
lol yep that is the case and has same taste in food as well!
Is that not with mice though? I could be wrong or maybe its rats & mice. Edit: field mice in particular.
Oceania is my favorite Smashing Pumpkins album
Yeah. She kills herself, but by accident.
I loved this place but I would only go for the big Blockbusters. It was the best IMAX theater in Minnesota hands down RIP
You know, math problems are easy for me — but you’re the one puzzle I can never solve!
`` Yeah, im good now, my back has stopped bleeding $.
Maybe [NAME] Paganism given the Viking Age, Did I already address Hellenism?
Man that sure is one fun kid. He's more fun here than I'll ever be my whole life 😞
How much? Out of curiosity’s sake
If you were under the old pay model you would disagree with that
OMG make it I want to be in on the ground floor of something #INVEST INVEST #invest
It's also my 40th birthday, so bring a gift!
What's that thing you have pointed at your head, selloboy? Gun, forest, gun!
I'm not telling them, I was just saying that the person who knew them irl said they were a she. That is all
You wont be sorry, look me up.
- I would wake up in the middle of the night and my bedroom would be super bright.
I’m guessing you’re talking about when I burned my arm. 2nd degree and luckily no scaring
Nice! I missed the Babybel.
Enjoy spending yours oblivious and phony, slowly realizing as time progresses how very wrong you are.
Idk why youre downvoted, executing a manequin seems fun
Oh boy yeah
I don't think a player can have no value and also be worth rioting over if he's traded.
She is looking like [NAME] to me in this pic.
@swish41 No offense but the mavs are only my 2nd favorite part about Dallas, 1# is the barbecue #delicious #delicious
Too bad I already got a college degree 5 years ago. ;) Would love to go back to school again.
I just mean symbolically it's weird to call your own flesh a 'blanket'.
[NAME] and clutch free throws are arch Nemesis
Oh good! Yeah hard to pick up on sarcasm sometimes
Please explain more
Did they name Gen X after all the porn they consume?
I hope this is better than The Middle I mean it's [NAME] so it's going to be decent at worst.
Oh that sucks good luck man
Super helpful. Thanks!
Do you have cash app?
interesting, I'd like to see more about this (when available of course)
Well she’s still kind of awful but she’s hilarious. Definitely a huge improvement. I could barely watch her!!
Thanks I was worried that I might die alone
Nah, according to OPs limited post history, he's a pedophile.
Our country is in no way, shape or form ready for the risk of a giant inflation wave.
@BritishBakeOff Val's 'soggy bottom' face will haunt me. Stay strong V-dog!
I see it the other way. He thinks he’s a hero for shutting down the govt. But I hope I’m wrong.
Now, remember, this is a very dulled version of what were used to considering they’re still riding the super bowl high from last year.
Wow [NAME] went cold... can’t wait to see [NAME] find out why!
I saw 25yr old with 3 kids and a house. How do u think I feel. I'm over 30 and still single.
I can see the posters now... "Come to Barnsley, it's full of people just like you".
Don't join @BTCare they put the phone down on you, talk over you and are rude. Taking money out of my acc willynilly! #fuming #fuming
Detroit can be interesting...
Ya know... a helmet never hurt anyone
If Gold state can make it work with 4 all stars we damn sure can with two players
Keep going man. I’ve been enjoying reading your posts. All the best!
is solid proof
Except it destroyed 76% of America's scooby snack production. May Shagster have mercy on us all.
Okay well we should move him to wherever he gets the most opportunity to blitz from LB while our new signee can cover behind
Don't know if natty like that physique though, it looks attainable..
Withholding data just lets capital speculate — today montmorillonite, tomorrow berberine, the next day wet wipes…
Omg I'm crying and shaking rn [NAME] would never say that
Imagine being this petty.
> This is just a waste of time. Just like making portland denizens use their tax dollars to built a stadium
In my experience it was just people burning the fuck out of popcorn (possibly to cover up the stench of weed) at 2am
I love it, I understand they can't just get rid of [NAME] for her, but I would be so angry watching [NAME] boss her around.
Have they nerfed the [NAME] at all since Vegas?
We went out for pizza, everything was grand -- great conversation, no awkwardness -- until a friend of hers came up and started chatting, and then congratulated her on her new boyfriend, etc.
Social dealings include interaction, negotiation, guidance, love—all real mutual influence. Winners in society are those skilled at dealing with people. Let’s work on it together.
@TheBenNatan szn 3 &gt;&gt;&gt; szn 1 &gt;&gt;&gt; szn 2. Just to warn you. Don't let szn 2 discourage you.
Congratulations! :)
It pretty obvious why they were filming Can someone link me to a video on here where someone didn't say this?
That's a yikes, no from me.
I covered my face with my hands.
literally exactly my thoughts on this!!! also happy cake day!!
I guess your ex-fiance was different huh? That's really interesting. I've never had a fiance before, personally
You can’t change my mind about the officiating, I know what I’ve seen
#terror @sjdonghaev i love you #terror
It was as if everything was silent for just a second.
You're so fucking original
I was doing well emotionally last night and was feeling okay about not having Baby in my arms yet, but this morning has been a lot harder.
You're glad Australia was playing politics at a time like this? That's not a vote of confidence in the [NAME].
Am I the only one that still texts in complete sentences and at least attempts to spell the words correctly?
Of all the people in the world, I honestly can't believe that Reddit hates [NAME].
Osaka making me nervous
Horns✔️ Tail✔️ Legs of furry animal✔️ Buff avatar✔️ Crazy brilliant collors✔️ Super active on twitter and son of the sin✔️ Yeah sure
YES! And have some fun guests to dish with.
Thank you! Not to yuck any yums, but this bloody grease stain looks like something a haunted doll would leave behind.
Really? Some of my posts/comments have been visited by bots How do I kill them?
What if she’s also the franchise owner who likes to get to know her customers better?
I saw it by chance — familiar scene. All nearby testing sites are inside communities; for 24-hour ones, it’s a 30-min walk to Wanshengwei. BTW, the girl’s really cute.
the hate we get in here is palpable.
i never thought i would read the phrase 600 lb cinematic universe but i am glad i did
He's completely lost any power or rip moves.
*youve doomed us all, evacuate the continent immediately*
The first resonates with me much more than the second.
Wonder how he feels about [NAME] now
Just asked my 8 year old that goes to public school. He says they still say it.
Probably because every day several people ask the same question.
Nah... i think he made around 90... i tried searching up his pocket, and fuck me...
Batman the animated series is a gift from the 90s animation gods
Ah yes, the true third gender.
Bro, he left his team in the middle of the game... idc what argument you have with [NAME] you still left your team.
They just dont want to go to school. Source:am high schooler who would skip school at any chance given
Don’t know why I didn’t think of that..but hey thanks, hero!
It makes me feel better about overeating sometimes because I tell myself that at least I’m not as bad as those people
Last @LGCanada product I buy - I promise! Absolutely #terrible #CustomerService #terrible #customerservice
The only term I really use is “sis” for effect, imo referring to a guy as “she/her” is a little weird to me
Must not have been the [NAME] of his day... But seriously though i hope he's alright..
Well it obviously helps you rationalize your total unwillingness to take action to make the world a better place. I hope that you grow past that.
You really think the Senate and then [NAME] will sign this lmao?
All the plans I have seen proposed were over 5 years. This is a crazy one time jump.
If I'm enjoying some fresh produce, and I hear you say >app-uh-LAY-sha Rest assured im throwing this apple at'cha.
I like this
This reminds me of suits. (Currently about to start season four.)
I don't think [NAME] is on the cast list for Episode IX, so I doubt Phasma will be coming back again.
Apparently, he can't just have sex with anyone because he needed to rape someone.
I’m jonesing like [NAME] on her wedding night!!!
You do not get my math? Because my comment and your comment are saying the same thing; women over 45 probably do not want bio kids.
Takes r us...you literally make me want to overdose on drugs. Like you’re that insufferable.
I'm slugging vitamin D pills by the handful, like they were m&amp;ms. When will this eternal winter end?! #Melbourne #grim #overit #melbourne #grim #overit
"That's impossible." "It's necessary." If they were aiming to make a [NAME] a steely-eyed missile man, they succeeded.
That’s my favorite aquarium! Wish I saw that though lol
Great advice here. Good sleep doesn’t “just happen” with kids. It’s our job as parents to guide them.
[NAME] is a 6'5" [NAME] that can't rebound or defend.
Love the laugh at the end
For both of you together? The fuck company are you using.
Thanks everyone for your feedback! Dosing one bottle tomorrow night around 8pm EST, will post back with results 🤠
RemindMe! 1 day
@LeePorter94 @DomMcGovern_ hi Dom I saw u at Notts county away, looking for 1 mufc away ticket will pay #blues #blues
dropped my birth control on the floor and cant find it cause it blends with the carpet 🙃 #joy #joy
Ohhhhh man, too real. I spent way too many years with full on raccoon eyes and just accepting that's what makeup was.
Oh damn it! I was just on my way to the post box
There's a correlation between how corrupt a country is and how corrupt it is perceived. edit: DOI:10.1023/A:1013882225402, If you can't acces, scihub still exist.
Mmmmm tasty 🅱️estrogens
Aww that makes my day too <3
The fuck? That ball was still on the ground tho.
YES!!!!
Just smile and wave boys. Smile and wave.
Baby's face: "I've been bamboozled!
It's uncanny
For real though, TurboGraphix16 was pretty cool. They had some neat games.
sorry I dont understand, I dont keep up with celebrity gossip, was [NAME] involved in something [NAME] related?
Who the hell thought he was dead, seriously.
Don't blame yourself,' he spoke, as if she were in the room, kicking the chair beneath him.\n#amwriting #dark #dark
Totally and sorry for that
Hey, [NAME] isn't *that* annoying
dreamed that you are laughing and woke up from my sleep for the first time without a sad face , Fair enough to see you in my dream '
I completely agree with mondawggg. Playing the petty way instead of discussing the issue with him directly is so much more productive....wait
Job interview in the afternoon #nervous #ek #nervous #ek
Plenty of activists have skin in the game. Sounds like you don't know many real activists!
please dont bring a woman in as a sex toy for you both. hire a sex worker instead
Well you’re not wrong.
wow that's amazing. i wonder what that feels like
That was an incredibly dumb thing to do. [NAME] is an idiot for trusting her.
Read it again. Your response shows you didn't understand what I said. "YES" = yes you need a degree.
Nah man. This website smells like toast and makes my left arm hurt.
All game types are easy ekia. You sound jealous.
Why does everyone hate the creme brûlées? They’re easily my favorite.
Allowed to, sure. Just don't expect me to provide you lube. And don't complain to me when you start chafing.
A backhanded and complicated way of saying you look androgynous.....so you're getting there :)
Lol just leave it bruh it adds character
it sounds like you're setting up for a good 2019 keep the boundaries going, and I hope the surgery has no complications and everything heals up fast!!
Went to MEPS a few weeks ago and a guy needed a waiver and they said usually 45-60 days for it to be approved or disapproved.
Happy birthday [NAME] !
The very best they could do was the uranium one unscandal, which even [NAME] had too much dignity to touch.
She refuses them by inhaling them [I'm sorry if that sounded bad plz no downvite]
You’re overthinking. Live a few more years and you’ll see — effort doesn’t always pay off. Talent is like a seed; without it, effort is useless. Only when talent meets effort does it work — effort alone isn’t enough.
What's up Cowboys?
I'm literally in tears right now. Everything you said is true oh my godddddddddddddd.
Just over a week until I start my new job in F1! Looking forward to it and cacking myself at the same time!
I mean, yeah, I'd complain a little. But then I'd eat the crap outta that.
wow just shows how confused **I** was Ftfy Pretty fucking clear as day what was going on here lol I honestly don't know what to tell you
To calm him down I suppose.
So nervous I could puke
Poor cat got his ass kicked by a crab, rope and broom.
The numbers are literally in front of you and not interested and zero categories have different votes. I’m genuinely starting to question what’s real anymore
Nobody should keep any around that is this ass-cracked to oblivion.
So basically she’ll fall even more for him lol
Not surprised at all tbh
He's a garbage person. It's very disappointing. I liked him so much before.
#faith is like #oil but #fear is like #dust easily blown away #faith #oil #fear #dust
fantastic point!
What do you mean “call you out on things?” Are you being disrespectful? Disruptive? Unsafe?
Yeah I suppose lol, but either way yours is the best one I've seen so far
And then there was the on who grabbed mom’s breast and tried shoving ot onto the ba y’s mouth.
[NAME] was gaining a lot of buzz until Twitter cancelled her after finding a bunch of old racist tweets.
Bless your heart sweaty. Bless your heart.
It feels to me like your Dean has some baggage and you shouldn't let it weigh you down.
[NAME] is not fascist. Heck,she's not even alt-right
Thank you! I ended up assigning a dbq and paired students up
This hits hard, sadly both of my relationships have been toxic so I've decided not to start any new ones until I start going to uni
Hell yeah bois
When is EVO
This looks normal to me
I am. I will read those threads as soon as I find some time. But I have got some great insight on this threat regardless.
thanks i hate her
Uh, no. Not even remotely.
Not just a faux pas, it's outright rude and inconsiderate.
Try five months of no express trains, a year working away with no home visit, eight months unpaid in shutdown — you must earn lying down. If lying makes money, I’d back zero-COVID too. Poor like me would rather risk death than starve.
Ay i saw that live. You have amazing movement! GG bro!
I used to do the same exact thing! Now I love the fat on my steak and watching them cut it off in japanese restaurants makes me sad.
I was messy..............then I became a minimalist.
I remember running into teachers at the grocery store or whatever when I was a little kid and having that same feeling!
HOW?!
FOOD POISONING BAD BURRITO
I have a very confused boner rn
I play with all 20-24 year old so we most certainly did not hear the punishment on the radio. Not sure exactly where it came from though.
> If you actually believe they are still a threat oh, if only it *were* up to me...
Let it flow through you, become empowered by it.
I thought that too, just work hard you’ll get there
Your voice is beautiful, the lyrics are beautiful, you’re beautiful, and I’m crying. AMAZING JOB
No, that’s just another way of backing a coup. Sit back and wait. If either side is going too far then offer to help.
Well, its been hours and I was correct. The OPs comment was totally 100% incorrect. Have a great day, thanks for playing. LMAO!
Last 30 seconds where [NAME] and [NAME] were silent to listen to the crowd gave me chills. Such a fun game and team! Aho is my dad
How criminal!
would give gold if I had it haha
It’s perfect!
@joemrusso happy birthdayyyyyy pretty. Miss you!
overrated, change my mind.
He’s legally blind... medical marijuana is a thing bro... got any on ya?
@reecetop10 Bk to 1 up top pack midfield Stifle any flair we possess kill any entertainers #dull #reshuffle #predictable #slow #average #dull #reshuffle #predictable #slow #average
$2K+ gone right there.
What demon likes peas?
you can but it takes a bit of time. I've had panic attacks and anxiety attacks and they are not remotely fun
Just what I need; a video of my commute to work so I can enjoy the experience in my free time.
What a dream
I read a theory that somebody inside Huawei doesn't want [NAME] back. I mean that's the only explanation of hash response at this particular time.
Chogochujang is a fuckin drug. I've convinced myself that I'll take a bottle to wherever I travel in case the food doesnt fit my taste
I was won against an ultra-hard brexiteer, he tried to hit me with an uppercut but I just teleported behind him.
This way it becomes undeniably clear that it is the [NAME] who are the problem.
I would post on r/legaladvice to see if there is some way you could get back to your family and more importantly your cat!
Loved every part of this series so far!! Keep up the good work!
#Garbage site for assholes #garbage
They need a speedy guy to fish pucks.. Either get nylander or Hyman on that line.. [NAME] line deployment is brutal..
I've shit my pants walking home from school. Hour long+ walk
Most of them seem to be the evangelical type who even think the pope is [NAME].
He had plenty of opportunities to play with Stamkos in TB and he never turned into a star.
[NAME] and I don't agree with much, but I agree with him here.
PATRIOTS BABY BRING IT ON!
That's really interesting. Thank you for the information. It's just hard to imagine lives you'll never live.
I DESERVE TO BE HEAD OF NATIONAL SECURITY BECAUSE I'M ADOPTED
. . .k but it's unlikely since unless you're a liberal and a woman thinking emotionally often shouldn't be a thing.
Smh bro you cropped the answers, I gotta know!
Going home is depressing
I’m a fan of your awareness for others here. This sub needs more of that lately.
Why? You might be right I didn’t think of that but I’m curious to what issue that would create
Would stars sneak down amid earthly fireworks to meet the ones they miss?
I think you're doing a great job modding <3 Can I have flair now?
It looks like a quail egg and it’s actually on a plate a weird looking plate but still a plate.
I did not downvote Mate :) In fact I just gave you two upvotes :) Cheers :)
Instant karma for an impatient jackass who doesn't deserve the right to drive.
You’re a stud 🙌🏻
Be the change you want to see in the world!
Didn’t they play a game earlier this season with both [NAME] and [NAME] out?
You are absolutely loving this and it is sickening to watch. Catch your fucking self on you spastic child.
He makes Talking Thrones look good.
Other than a lame attempt of being insulting, what part of anything you said has anything to do with what I said?
Thanks for remembering. I have since added to my post :-)
What’s wrong with this world? Who are the people tipping her? I’m terrified. Please tell me their names — I’ll do everything I can to avoid them.
If high calorie food is so cheap, eat less of it and save even more money without getting fat.
And a pretty bad [NAME] too.
Just go to Morrisville Walmart .. why do you need a meetup.. :) jokes apart . I am willing to join
Dark and funny, but not really nice guy. He has yet to call the dead girls whores for declining to sleep with him.
HOLY MOTHER DUCKER
Ugh I wish!!! You’re not in the US?
Have a good evening thank you!
@CNN @NewDay If #trump #whitehouse aren't held accountable for their actions,what precedent is being set for future presidencies. #nightmare #trump #whitehouse #nightmare
@imKBRshanthnu happy birthday buddy☺ wishing u lots of #smiles &amp; #success 🌸 #ameen☺ my bday in #3days 😍 yaayyaaa💃 #smiles #success #ameen #3days
This is my best bro being a dumbass....he said he was ok though.
Yeah, this.
This has been a bizarre day of coaching decisions
We don't have this problem where I live, we use Torrents
I dunno, I love me some barrel-aged spirits and ales.
@TorridFashion I love you, but between online order drama and your horrible hold music I have a bit of a shopping induced headache. #annoyed #annoyed
oh man that actually sounds gross in that context
Thank you for entertaining 24.5M people, Mr [NAME].
I can't believe he used the N-word.
Facts have no relevence here, you cannot use them.
Are we talking about [NAME] or [NAME]?
Combining the savvy business strategies of MLMs with the insufferability of wine moms. Expecting some quality content here.
Just for the sake of accuracy, is there a citation for this quotation. It is spicy, but I can’t bother to check right now.
I thought legends already started.
All right then, what’s your source?
Now I can't wait to get my hands on all that wall space!!!
Geezus... it’s like I was reading a biography someone wrote about me before getting divorced.
That's an adorable horsie
You know what happens when we make assumptions!!! Good point. Thank you.
I unfortunately can not afford a lawyer. Luckily the only thing that we shared is our daughter
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory!!
I went into business with two friends and none of us speak anymore. Eventually money changes everyone for better or for worse.
> The only concrete rule change was to limit underage players (usually students) total daily play time. Is that a good thing really?
depress 😭
I would love to be cut open for no reason while I miss work spending weeks, and possibly even years, recovering!
If someone starts that, I’ll join in. Their mods help perpetuate it all.
I'm jealous. I'm in California
Right :-) The rookie was so scared to show his hand and he thought his two pairs weren’t good and thought he had lost.
I rise my next one to Zero. The one after that to your happiness.
Nothing going [NAME] way tonight, lets just blame it on sickness and move on
Why a #terrorist was given a funeral in #Kashmir as per his #religion? 1000s came in. So #terror does have a religion. #ReligionOfPeace #terrorist #kashmir #religion #terror #religionofpeace
What’s wrong with this
Oh [NAME]....
And of course, instead of calling out the men responsible for this behavior, the "Not all men" crowd has arrived in full force.
Happy to hear this! Stay strong and continue fighting! We believe in you <3!
Thank you sis!
I REALLY MISS GRIFFIN REINHART
[NAME] was only president for four years dumbass and [NAME] served 81-89 dumbass this whole thing is made up and she’s a dumbass
Oh wow, you are strong did you report him?
Oh [NAME] you idiot
this is cute
Unruly kids at 8am in the morning #nothanks ripping the flower beds up by the roots while their parents watch  #nothanks
(I'm Native American) She said she only wanted a white american boy friend.
Because I suck at lying and they will have to find out about him eventually
Well, could be worse. It could be India.
@CrystiCaro yeah agree - I think it was a family member and they covered up #sad #sad
Yeah it kinda sucks, that much is for sure, I'm just wondering if anyone knows why or has the same problem
I feel you, mama. I hope tomorrow is a better day.
Me too, my sister and I thought we became idiots, we even googled shapes and their sides
I wonder how big a problem this really is and what the cops' plan is.
Same, there was no thanks or consideration that they’d just given her the ‘night off’.
-- haired man strides close and watches as the Major flinches away from him, the reaction draws a growl from his throat.  -- (@DocHQuinzel)
That's awful bigoted of you, isn't it?
Thanks for sharing! I've got some smoothie recipes to start me out and the one I bought today at a local shop seemed to help a bit.
ah, thanks!
How do I know the 2009 picture is the same location as the 2019 picture? Edit: wrong year
I'm more worried about it randomly saying daddy across the top ... Like that's normal
If he does well, do you guys think that's a sign that we could flip a senate seat? I like [NAME] a lot.
which he has now admitted was an error in hindsight and is encouraging JT publically to ban them
That would be fantastic!!
I meant we as in the group, sorry if that was unclear
And some do it because they think it's funny.
You are giving them human emotions. If you spent any time with cattle at all you would realize how silly that is.
Very long day. Thank goodness for Bake Off to brighten up a weary Wednesday ☺ #GBBO #gbbo
Listen ... this golden brown is giving me life ... but why the hell did my feet have to get so dark 😓
Absolutely yes.
He drives to the basket like [NAME] used to. And can shoot the 3. And he's super clutch. Love the dude
Should I give the windy tiger those ankle and wrist tapes? I didn't include any character-specific details in the burning fox, so...
How cute. He thinks corporations are people.
Man, I kinda feel bad for dude, hopefully everything went smoothly past that
How tf do you not expect people to find them they're the first things that show up when you search joji
Okay, fair enough, though the vid worried me about the level of grinding in the game
Gah sad high five. I tried once for a few weeks and will never try again. I need that support in my life.
@astockeyWTAE @SonniAbatta she is terrific at her job, where is she headed-- I missed that?
Damn [NAME] is low key the boi
I love how the sun just decides its going to pull Australia from Earth and cuddle with us... If only it didn't burn so much.
I’ve found it quite useful up until the nuclear option.
We don't deserve sex with dogs.
So what did she mean to say? I’m so confused...
Ohhhhh. *That’s* what that was.
Stop, your hurting me!
wait for spring, you'll see what's the raging boner season
You've sparked my interest and made some solid points. I think i'll make some calls and reconsider. Thank you!
No, it's a back massage at best. At worst it can give you a stroke and kill you.
>YHWH >Abba >same dude I knew it
Where did you see them? I’d like to watch too
Didn’t ruin anything imo. He made one of my favorite films of all time
Yeah I reckon. I inspected the property too, just forgot to check/ask until after. I'll pass out of principal haha
@JaySekulow what can we do 2 get @realDonaldTrump 2 reveal his taxes? That is the immediate danger. But u will not answer me. #afraid #afraid
Better than showing weakness
Megatron hanging out with [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]. This is like a fever dream
can’t be fake. the woman in the background is reacting to his cool trick /s
Hey, Is this in Portugal? I recognize the francesinha sauce. (greetings from Porto)
You just made my point, you obnoxious whining kid
When it gushed out I caught myself saying "ooof" out loud
Hopefully it helps you keep your emotions in check rather than letting others control you, [NAME].
What the fuck am I supposed to do with no lunch, no dinner, no money and I'm off to work #furious #hangry #day5 #furious #hangry #day5
@ThatWhiteSoxFan @tbtrill not as sad as the White Sox playing record ;)
Our company has over 100 people, plus families hundreds more. No need reporting — everyone just self-tests and isolates at home now.
Wow. Did not realize [NAME] was a top 20
Thank you :) I'm trying to hang out with friends more, I felt like I was quite distant from them because of him
I don't think we could afford the expense bill for coming out of a pretty cushy retirement.
Sorry, no legal advice, but that really sucks and you have my sympathy. Best of luck and determination.
Only with hard work, talent, and luck can you become successful. You can’t generalize; everyone has a different mix. Life cannot be copied; hard work can still make a person successful. At least, I’ve seen many people succeed mainly through effort. Some people find the right path, while others make unsuitable paths fit through hard work. Life is unpredictable.
[NAME] was damn near 293 hoopin? Im dyin.
thank you for this, i feel less alone now. i’m glad you overshare on this stupid website :)
No but that doesn’t mean people were less happy in the past.
This one tilted concrete square in my neighborhood that I keep fucking tripping over.
Get his master class. My boyfriend watched it and he got obsessed with cooking, knife techniques, etc. (for like 3 months).
It’s all about the tech my friend. The person who knows how to control the modem has the power.
*whistles innocently*
Yep happening to me all the time at my college. Fuck everything
The meth pipe is the icing on top
Wouldn't surprise me. I only had it happen once and it was a long time ago.
Ah, the movies are fine. It's pretending they're a profoundly trascendental form of art that I find ludicrously funny.
If this thread turns into a shitshow like the last it will also be locked. Fair warning...
And what guns you like to use?
Thank god. I thought he double jumped.
Wow thank you so much for the info. I tried looking it up but couldn't find anything. Very interesting stuff
yes. crossing the border by land or sea into or from Canada, Mexico, Bermuda or the Caribbean. All you need is an enhanced license.
It doesn't, really.
Despite my literal and non-literal `` growing up '' in another place, I had always felt a claim to Calgary, a belonging that wound deep through my bones.
Wow @BrockLesnar you're #awesome man! #FatalsWay #SummerSlam #WWE #wrestling #champ #awesome #fatalsway #summerslam #wwe #wrestling #champ
@niaamh It's horror stories like that that make me so greatful ☺️
Nope, no such thing as [NAME]. More likely comunity, economy, race, sex, wealth of family and upbringing "dealt you your hand"
Besides a petty theft conviction out of Florida in 2003, there's nothing. No other convictions.
That's pretty creepy.
Sorry. This thing knows whats up!
What logic justifies $33 that would not also justify $5000?
Whatever happened to the three body movie?
It's easy to hold a grudge harder to let go.
Jesus drank the cup of wrath you deserve dry, so that you might drink deeply of His cup of salvation that eternally satisfies (Hab 2:15).
I’m not high and that sounds like a good sandwich.
Yep that was incredibly rude. What kind of adult sits down and decides to put that in a major magazine? Just unbelievable.
I feel exhausted ...\nI tried to do a good job, but apparently God does not see me right. I'm weary! I EXIST! 😟💔📢\n#exist #weary #misonorotta #weary #misonorotta
Hahahaha. This. This right here. 😂
This is me yesterday, oh and today.
I heard someone say one... ‘everywhere is is better but Perth is the best!’ Glad you enjoyed your holiday!
Ok, hope you are right
And congrats on them being part of the 10,000 too!
He was a bony old bastard and probably jealous of their big cat energy.
I meant after tech school but thanks
[NAME] isnt right wing. Hes center left.
I'm so old next Friday. So super old😩💔 I dread birthdays
BUT WHO WILL BUILD THE ROADS
Great picture! What a amazing tribute! I love Dallas
Thanks for your insight random person on the internet. Did it make you feel better typing that out lol?
Huh? edit: /u/DanVsStu I have no idea what this show even is - you have the wrong account
Totally agree. Their Rogue One commentary track is the only one I've never replayed, simply because he makes the same damn joke throughout the whole thing.
Sometimes though, the developer's vision is close to perfect, something that other games don't offer.
Good thing 2000 aud is only worth about two pounds
It's not uncommon for OTPs to not use their mics or stay out of chat all together because of all the flame they get.
That's how my days go either way.
Why is [NAME] out? Is it a rest thing or a minor injury?
can't tell if trolling or retarded. i think both
Hubei robbers are notorious in Guangdong — many desperadoes in Guangzhou and Shenzhen are from Hubei. I was robbed by one myself.
You were at a casino. Sounds like you won.
To'Why can't we brothers protect one another? No one's serious, and it makes me furious. Don't be misled, just think of Fred.' #mayfield #mayfield
Funny never not will be this.
its becoming increasingly concerning that you refer to yourself in the plural.
Im sorry, my autocorret happened. But i think you can read between the lines? Or maybe just go full r*** :)
that is how you start the second half wow
Best side quest ever!
Season 2 just started and as a huge TNG fan I can definitely say the first season is the closest I've ever seen to another season of TNG
How's the pp looking?
Why not streamlining that: the fine could be converted to the coverage for the poor students. A good gesture from legislators would help so much.
The right had both houses and the presidency and they wait until they lose the house to pretend they care about passing wall funding. So brave.
.5x speed. Every moment I enjoy would last longer and any time I find myself in a pickle, I'll have more time to react appropriately.
yes everyone does this!
That's only bad to some people. Being racist is bad to everyone.
She looks like an early game killer.
I’m proud of you and I’m happy for you!
Or talk like this. No one describes a super-computer like mind as "intuitive." It doesn't even really make sense
A shy failure is nobler than an immodest success.
Slowing down does not equal stopping, the answer to stopping this is at a government level, not praying that corporations want to leave possible profits alone.
Oh, definitely [NAME].
That won't happen though. If the pick is that high, we own it!
Doesn't matter if we stop, everyone else will do it. You're telling a whole world looks don't matter, yah good luck.
OH MY [NAME] [NAME] IS BACK. THIS IS THE ONLY LOGICAL EXPLANATION!
oh yes! i did not know pizza could possibly ever be disgusting until i moved to florida.
Time for a shot bud!!!!!
Tried to ride the Overwatch train and crashed miserably.
Fuuuuuuuuuck that.
I thought chiropractors were bad! Look as these medical doctors who were pushing opiates on their patients by the thousands!
LMAO thank you hunni =] yeah just be w/ your mom then LOL
It appeared that she smacked her grape pretty damn good. Oh, and I chuckled.
In 2020, National Day and Mid-Autumn aligned — 8 days off, but workers toiled 10 days before and 9 after.
I would LOVE to be on the show!
I don’t go out that way much but even [NAME] is killer if it’s slippy out.
Overturned? Good. At least Sweden’s Supreme Court respects local cultures. Eating dog meat isn’t uncivilized.
Most awkward looking super-athlete ever.
😂😂😂 you're great
Was kind of wondering if he *could* read. Still supposing he had a speechwriter.
You’re the brightest light I’ve ever seen — dazzling as galaxies, radiant as dawn; even daylight pales beside you.
No fucking clue
Even if she was 25 this would have been weird and creepy af.
He isn't always. But right now. Shoot the ball whenever you want Young blood. Go head.
I hate poetry
There has been the odd occasion without condoms. No deep penetration, but never the less. Some. I feel awful.
Man, I can’t wait to buy cannabis from [NAME].
Obviously. If we were able to make such logical risk/reward assessments it wouldn't be a problem.
Make this a weekly PSA, please!! Lmao
This is one of the coolest things I’ve seen on Reddit
>![NAME] get the crossbow before it's too late he can't breath oh [NAME] please hurry im shaking and crying rn!<
Nah. I saw a post on IG this morning and screenshotted it
At least she's correct
I'll keep u updated man. It's only a 7eth withdrawal so hopefully it processes quickly.
My sister made us leave quickly and go to our neighbors house.
You said it baby, can't wait to see what marvelous wonders the rest of 2019 will bring!
the future is now old man
She was sorry too, after I found out and ripped her a new one. LOL
That’s why this team sucks. People are still paying to see them, so upper management has nothing to worry about.
For the night is dark and full of terrors!
Fake news. Kids would be long dead by that age
He must hate you
Just watched Django Unchained, Other people may frown, but I titter in delight! 2/5
Why this post is downvoted? It makes me happy to read something like this.
& when you call them on their shit they ban you from their subreddit for "oppressing people"
Well, you know what happened the first time he came down...
Most of his overtly sexual posts give me that vibe...they seem exploitative and as just another way to prove he owns her
Why do all the animals look terrifying oh god oh fuck
having a pet store worker ask 'do you want to play with them?' is the most exhilarating feeling
I ate my mommy and daddy
The part where he carries her to the car had me howling! Poor guy was stumbling with the weight he obviously couldn’t handle
Don't think I'll hesitate to run you over. Last time I checked, I still had 'Accident Forgiveness' on my insurance policy...
> Still hard Phrasing. O_o Sorry, I couldn't resist.
Just get a straw or stick and gently guide him off the car.
Because we’re fucking geniuses.
As a [NAME], this very relatable
I think years...I'm not ready and I know it, but I know years
This made my hump day. Thank you good sir
So not an objection at the ceremony, but my wife's parents and brother didn't come to the ceremony at all out of objection to us getting hitched.
They confirmed its in the queue, just not yet. Fishing is happening eventually.
Her face looks like a damn frog to me - and the way she has one eye closed; an evil one eyed frog!
“Eat the vegetable growing out of your garbage can”
The next day I turned it back on and all was fine, and when I checked the sample music and my own, there was nothing that sounded even remotely similar.
This is a totally different one right?
When you realize there is #NoHopeForHumanity so you just #start focusing on what's #best for you. #nohopeforhumanity #start #best
WUTS THE ISSUE SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON?
Don't worry about it.
Your teacher was pretty cool for calling you snoopydog
This argument makes zero sense. The same tax exclusions and exemptions that were around when the marginal rate was at 90 are not around today.
Thank you, I will def look that up.
Shit dude I thought I was Mr. [NAME]? Here have some beans lol
You Dirty F*king Heathen.
You're so cool.
Excited and nervous for Tuesday
> "Death by Inches" Title of your sex tape!
Ah, pillars of society. No wonder MLS is so highly regarded.
@hoystweet Are the pre-purchased tickets being sent soon? Coming to the Saturday evening show... tickets are a no show! #panic #hoys 🐴🦄 #panic #hoys
Speaking of low percentage.. FOR THE LOVE OF [NAME], CHARGE YOUR PHONE!!
So we are homicidal manics until we get bored and then follow the road rules for fun.
Especially when it comes to voicing a displeasure, if you can't tell me straight up then hold your peace ✌️️
I should have at your list that I only hope he gets elected!
They are loving this choice in maga canada of course. Just a typical day of bigotry.
Shrug, ndp is still going to lose. I don’t really care how many there are.
first alien is hotter tbh
YOU DON'T GET TO JUDGE ME!
When Mike walked in the door, my heart skipped a beat and I had the biggest smile on my face.
I like the #glow in the #dark #fidgetspinner. Not because it glows the dark neither. It feels more lighter and smoother than the others #glow #dark #fidgetspinner
Sure dude. Although I’d say my rate at dispensing profound wisdom is lesser than the rate at which I can talk utter BS haha
So glad I moved here.
Could or couldn't?
Godspeed and be well, [NAME].
Ooh, political posturing! This accomplishes so much!
@matthew_meadows Since it's a friend of Pereg's I don't want to offend :) #Peace #peace
So it isn’t pretty much the same? Glad you think I’m right then.
Need a new outlet for
R1/L1, always played like this R2/L2 feels weird and slow
The rage has died down.
>The Charisma Myth" It's bullshit too.
that's your inferiority complex not ours...you do NOT know what the FO is doing
Older sister (23 at the time) is a Scumbag Stacy.
hahahahahahahahaha that post history oh [NAME] mods please dont delete this its too good
Made my day
Well they're stoopid poopyheads, those tattoos are cool AF. 👍
Anger is cheap and politeness is expensive. Don't expect everybody to be polite. #ThoughtfulThursday #anger #politeness #thoughtfulthursday #anger #politeness
Did you make him finish the meal before he got the toy?
The two weeks in that box, though I was bored out of my skull, were easy as far as my magic was concerned.
When my life became such a concern to irrelevant ass people I'll never know
damnnn wendell. just willed that one in
This is obviously ironic
I think someone else should open a drive through so I can enjoy the flavours without the dishes aha
“Spite-based refugee system...” really got me chucking.
Lol!!
Well, you've spent two hours.
I believe he had just recently revived his learners permit and the kid ran a red light.
This would be a good thing. I want capitalism to die.
Ah I see, maybe the [NAME] have a touch more romantic interaction between the two than the web novel.
This is disgusting.... please make more.
I don't think you understand that the average player can't aim like that on console
Was originally going to title this "BIG CHUNGUS", but it got dinged for being too short.
Jersey turnpike and that area of I95 is full of lunatics/selfish drivers. Credentials: I live, work with, and am related to them.
How dare you care about your physical and mental health, you shitlord you! /s
I think it means it’ll be revenue neutral until then not that it won’t open until then.
This is what makes this sub so valuable, crazy and fun.
Phew!!
“Dear [NAME] you Coach [NAME]?
What was the drama in Dallas? I didn't hear.
[NAME] got some mutton chop sideburns coming in.
Is it manipulation if it is 100% true, 100% genuine, and 100% good advice?
Yea idk what to tell ya man sorry. Not sure why it’s doing that
I hate when people down vote to hell when someone has a different (yet valid) opinion
that’s why I asked haha
Man up and get yourself a date with a different woman.
@lynnew69 then he said talking about wills uncontrollable animals when moving to another link. These comments do not help!
LMAO! I would heed his advice if I didn't get chased off by the private land owner 😁
Ooooh, we got a badass over here!
Somehow this hurt more than the Saturday game.
Ah ok I thought by terrific you mean terrific at reducing speeding since (I think) that is the policy objective. Cheers!
Damn that coyote was a fucking noob.
Well, if that's how you always are, I can't imagine even wanting to be next you let alone have deer like sex with you.
Not that surprising, but *very* exciting to see! Here’s hoping Syria reclaims its place as a major regional industrial and commercial center!
He isn't as big, but he's still quite popular. I've heard the same thing about his content. Never watched him much.
Can’t hold this against Tennessee. [NAME] just won’t miss. I’m impressed that Tennessee has stayed in it.
The best music for the best voice....epic & timeless 🎶❣️
It’s not easy hiding that Baby Huey diaper.
I love looking at my old statuses on Facebook. The one I have from four years ago on this day was about #glee. I had so many opinions... #glee
Are you ok?
Tell him to run over to the patent's office and copyright the name "Green Goblin" and I want a quarter every time somebody says it.
Because making 44% of the team's total TD catches is not enough!?! Please tell me this is BS.
Hmm. My sister is halfway vegan and she loves oreos because they actually don't have any dairy in them.
I don't fuck with people who don't smile back at me in corridors
Oh. Damn.
r/iamverysmart and r/woooosh in one. That is just about how pathetic one can be.
I opened reddit to masturbate then I saw this. It's hard but... it's the right thing to do Thanks! Take it easy :)
Yes, and you must be a loonbag.
People who attack vigilantes.
Students: North and South Dakota have finally settled their differences and become one big D, for Dakota.”
We have tradable assets next year and cap space the year after. We don’t need to implode to retool.
“I’ll pay back every cent once I earn money.” How can you say that? She saved your life — what about repaying that?
@JasonMillerinDC @realDonaldTrump Prudence suggests that a 8+% bump over 2-3 weeks should be viewed with SKEPTICISM. Media/HRC axis #angry #angry
I don’t think anyone would be offended by calling a group guys. But idk
Why do you keep doing this thing where you say you disagree but not why? If you have a counterargument, go ahead.
How I Murdered Your Mother #SpookyTv #horror #spookytv #horror
He’s such a pervert.
He did get 3 stars bro😭
hope [NAME] is injured while allstar week yes im a spiteful ngga
hell yeah dude
Talk about an oldddd school shit coin.
It's viewed as unfashionable and lower class. Personally I think they feel great. Who gives a shit what other people think?
GG haha 😉
I turned around so I could see my back.
Oh sorry. Instead of “willfully stupid “ I meant, why do you hate America?
The biggest skill of ordinary Chinese netizens is criticizing others online — celebrities, athletes — when they can’t do anything themselves. Commenting on expressions? Do you even know micro-expression analysis?
GIVE ME A WAY TO AVOID MAPS PLEASE I BEG YOU I DON'T WANT TO PLAY THIS GARBAGE GAMEMODE ANYMORE
My son is ten months. I hope we have this relationship when he turns 14. Congrats on your lovely teen ♥️
You're obviously a size queen. Go find yourself a big penis.
we can hammer out the details later .... don't worry, we'll nail her down on costs eventually
@buzzlightbeard2 If you don't love yourself... Honesty is the best policy
@PamelaGeller Disgusting. @facebook you just may end up like #snap. #traitor #snap #traitor
I can’t tell who’s wooshing who but I’m afraid to ask by this point
we're ok buddy!
@OutdoorLoverz is this a bridge if I have to drive on such I will stop breathing Yooo I can't I'm to afraid
Hopefully next time we play a L1 team, 1 of the players scores, takes his shirt off &amp;jumps into away end purely to wind up the joyless cunts
Knew you weren't from here. I don't believe your story though.
I’m gonna love it if that happens to me
Currently in Cali, jobs pay more so it works out, big problem is the fires in the cheaper areas :/
Or they drop out cause they have no interest in learning the language (a lot of kids do this unfortunately)
Obviously a flying monkey somewhere. What a nightmare that guy is. I'm glad you cut him out of your life.
Super shitting it about this tattoo
Cute but I dont like where this is going
I’m afraid too. It’s the not knowing what will happen that scares me.
lol not bullying. Just a socially aware nerd complaining about how annoying most of my people are. ¯_(ツ)_/¯
Lol. Thanks for the laugh.
@tariqmateen but sadly he missed some crucial and important points. Indian terrorism in pk,  kal Boshan,  etc..  Raw involvement
Totally came to ask this question too!
Can you imagine if management was like "Hey [NAME], we need you to fire the custodian. Thanks."
@_wednesdaychild I need to cheer up
So you are an expert on the 5 year long climate patterns going back billions of years i take it.
and my brain can think up some pretty horrible ailments.
And this is what they look like when they are grown up...
I think I get this reference, GradeAUnderA?
All armed robbers, serial killers, rapists, swindlers all downplay the severity of their actions...
Exactly. He is doing a diet trend that just happens to be meat-free.
Shantosh: How crazy would it be to walk past and talk to a person everyday never realizing he is suffering from depression or such? …
>Feminism is how we get to equality how do you know that?
Please don't come back.
The Morton hockey team train there, if the football moved down maybe we’d have success
Holy shit I grew up in Sugar Land! Moved to Philly. Didn’t expect to see it on reddit today. This made my day.
#ThisIsUs has messed with my mind &amp; now I'm anticipating the next episode with #apprehension &amp; #delight! #isthereahelplineforthis #thisisus #apprehension #delight #isthereahelplineforthis
Oh my [NAME] I just noticed this too! I just rewatched it recently and noticed him just drinking some tea next to [NAME] and [NAME].
@LostGermain ' Want to have a spar?' The prince smiles and reaches for his hilt and his icy eyes keep on Aaron, a playful look in his eyes.
It's givin' off that disco vibe, and if I understand correctly it's okay if it's the [NAME] way.
I love that ammunition. I want to make 200 of them, but I think you may be limited?
Lol i control your life gooferton btw open your chatbox
This episode also had the segment where a paralized [NAME] communicates by farting. So, yes it is the worst. Lisa Goes Gaga is a close second.
How long have you two been together? Have you talked with your bf about any of these concerns?
Yeah me too. I understand liking white noise in background for some people but asmr can get kinda freaky at times.
He’s a coward, but no need to ruin his life. You should feel sorry for him.
Freakin cheers man, that looks delicious right now!
I hate people who can't *read* Dx
Because punishing the poor was why they didn't buy arguments that they should vote Remain because we're all prospering.
>Tua gave him a look, like, keep going ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Mr. [NAME] is basically Wow
[NAME] good one i like that
BEHOLD THE GREAT GRAIN [NAME] BECKONS US TO ITS CHAMBER! FOLLOW ME MY FELLOW BIRDS INTO THE ABYSS!
I totally would tbh. He's a very handsome man.
Let’s see if it’s a thing r/unexpectedjokers Edit: why am I not surprised also first try
lmao I love this, I love speaking nonsense to myself as well
jk. started this week strong and it's still going strong. #optimism #optimism
why do i have such a thing for dark curly hAIR
Haha, imagine someone always looking amazingly fashionable, taking hours to dress 'down', trying to look casual.
"IT'S GET YOUR GAME ON! SAY IT RIGHT!"
I both loathe and applaud you
I really need it for my face as I'm getting a little wind burn.
Really [NAME] learned after a summer.
He already has 2 fouls
When will “Go Home Often” play again? Ordinary folks just want reunion — how did such a basic human need become a crime?
You offered her the wrong "services" /s (obviously I hope)
I had a breakdown last night at around 3AM.
Good for you
Am I the only person who is not that excited to go there. Yeah im excited, but im more afraid.Adapting and studying. I dont want to be
Fucking fuck! 2 (or more) sets of fucking socks in fucking sandals.
>Doctor: So do you cancel a lot of plans you make with friends >Me: uh technically no
Mine was the size of my pinky. And honestly get any size you want! Just be mindful of your pain tolerance
Map looking more disjointed than the Holy Roman Empire.
Thanks I love him
I feel like its got to do with the bad desync in the game right now.
Oh cool! I don’t drink, but I’m sure a store would have some ready to throw out or something!
There’s still 12 episodes left compared of the two he’s been out. It’s too early to be making that kind of claim.
not really. I worked hard to live there, and it was different then. Far cheaper.
Always go for someone you like and feel connected to.
For real I thought that shit was on loop lol
My brother was tapping me on my shoulder, and I was like `` What? ''
It's MLK Day so we're offering our best deals on our Ford F250s!
I actually really like these, my little sister would be in love with these!
Yes but iy also makes complete sense that morty woild want it gone too, so i hate how he instantly assumes it was rick
It might be linked to the trust factor of your friend.
Grow up and get a job, nobody cares about your autistic memes.
It's not like an NFL coach would trip a player on the field if they had the opportunity......oh wait
Sick and still sent to camps — I’d rather die. Whoever built these shelters, let local leaders live there first.
Thank you that’s so sweet! PM me if you want!
but that was a mistake and a half assed excuse and now here i am burning in hell forever
The wow at the end without an ! really had not emthamused!
Close enough. Is rainbow 6 any good?
"I'm not arrogant"
Oh Lord hearing the puking!
No group... I didn't say the guy's plan was realistic haha
@RonMexico760 The guy who calls people 'cuck' and is anti-BLM is offended by idea that he might not be pro-policing reform? That's amazing.
The trap door was wide open.
I feel sorry for him. He gotta be an awkward guy who has no friends.
Ahhh yes, the I can be making close to 6 figures job that no one will ever disclose. Highly doubt it bro.
How she used the entire video without any editing.... that’s copyright
Sky news still pushing the Brexit gloom line, managing to ignore the fact it's simply not happening. 'But in the future.....'
They deserve applause—worked all life for space dreams, retired with regret, yet gave so much.
That's true. But in the real human world, partners have a similar, if not the same, generational separation from their closest common ancestor.
Strange, I just told a few hundred guns to go kill people. They didnt respond. Are my guns broken?
*[NAME] (hopefully) wins roast
Vanillas dope tho
Why would removing a star make it rainy? Without solar radiation and heat, how would water evaporate to form rain clouds?
Now look what you've done.
Beware the wrath of an angry, frustrated, #agile grandma with a network. 👵🏼😡 I'm just sayin'. #objectlesson #agile #objectlesson
People put their lives at risk trying to rescue them.
you guys are getting a better pick that we are. take solace.
This is the technically correct answer, but it still sucks considering how much of society rides on women managing their menstrual cycles.
@globemartyk 'drunken patroons' make this whole situation much more jovial though.
Hey, you can make baseless claims if you want. Don’t expect people to just believe you though.
Is that her official name now? [NAME]
Guess I'm seriously out of shape, I should do something about that. Maybe next week...
All the things you've been thinking about, fangirls, make me sad.
Get it straight — pandemic workers maintain order. They were threatened — even lost a bottle of liquor!
If reopening, either go all in or wait till immunity’s back — stop releasing new variants mid-recovery! Policymakers, stop being stupid!
Well, it's you on mobile)
This was one of the best Reddit reads in a long time... great job.
I am glad I wasn’t the only one. I thought wow they’re really gonna get it for this one
This week's Massacre Theatre pert by @LarsenOnFilm is the first one I can think of that requires subtitles. #breathless #breathless
Since 1987 it has been like this, I love this team and this sport.
@twinfjournal @TwinningLife111 @KCtwinflame @TFUnion1111 @Para_Priestess @cupidpoetry I went thru the same thing yesterday #panic better2day #panic
Im glad [NAME] was there for us
That last minute was like watching a horror show #GBBO 😥 #gbbo
Knowing how to cook is invaluable, what's even better is that even in a 400 sq ft place, I have wide and hearty homestyle egg noodles.
.@Travelanswerman: When U ride on a pile of salt life is extra sweet! Always salty always savory! #surfing #aloha #smiling … #surfing #aloha #smiling
Thanks man!
Keep telling yourself that
It was santa he had a REALLY big sack this year. :)
Precisely that. I hope you’re able to find strategies to deal with it easier, it’s really tough
@esanderc @MrsFridayNext It is very specific areas only. I care like 0% about clothes, much to my mother's dismay.
[NAME] got a serious case of the giggles today.
I high key thought this same thing then it was sad boy hours when I broke things up
Thanks. Sounds like a bummer about 3, but maybe I should go back to 1 and check that out again.
Nah, only [NAME] are cool for being bilingual.
[NAME] bless you. Yeah I said [NAME] because we live in America,the land of [NAME]
That's my wife ❤
I love how they keep getting smaller 🙊
To #Wyoming: you have a beautiful state but your road signs, or lack thereof, are terrible. #lost #wyoming #lost
Thank god, Montrose has always been lacking some decent Mexican food and now we're finally getting it!
Splash your face with cold water. Refresh.
Glad to see your brows like hills, eyes holding starlight; amidst the mortal world, untouched and ethereal.
what are you even talking about
Cheers to you on your cake day.
Theesomes won't make someone monogamous more open to solo stuff.
Great for him professionally, but the employees he takes the credit from? Not so much.
Wow these thots are desperate.
Okay, so that doesn’t really answer my question. Are you suggesting the liability will fall on the towing company with shitty or sketchy reviews?
I love the arm blasts on the ice. That dude was determined and loves his dog. Very cool.
W crazy game
Competitive Deathmatch was a huge reaper fest last season :( Had many games where everyone was reaper except maybe two people
I want this feature just so I can get rid of the nasty rugged beige skins people have on their guns
I barely slept that night and didn't tell anyone about it till now.
You definitely have a sexy [NAME] look going on.
You’re not going to win, so you have nothing to worry about.
WHAT A DISGUSTING START
Apparently she was doing the "gasping fish face thing" with a face full of mud when the cops arrived.
Thanks for having that self awareness, as a physician in training I feel stupid daily. It's a very humbling job
I love the views from Red Road. Great photo.
Wow.....
Just the kind of news I needed to hear!
So we're the 2nd richest team.
I just want to die. I don't want to keep trying.
That reminds me of this
I’ve tried a few times on mobile and it never works for some reason. Edit: just logged on at work and fixed it. Feels good
I'm curious where this girl ended up today. She'd be around 33
I'm going to blow your fucking mind. I dip my Hawaiian pizza in ranch. Booooooooom.
Thanks. Nice input as always.
I wish that too 😢
Two are close friends of mine one of which has not been higher since October to December 2016.
[NAME] we support you! Love from Mexico I hope everything works out for you, whatever you decide to do!
Gotcha, I definitely need to work on my whiff-punishing game then. Thank you, this was extremely helpful.
glad you made the trip from a fellow austinite
You're so right. I'll remove my arms post haste.
False. Drop bears.
Because they're rapists themselves or share rapist-like behaviors
Practice your speech before hand. In your head and in the physical world. Then keep doing it until it no longer scares you.
Do I even wanna know what that means?
Downvote me into oblivion but both [NAME] and [NAME] shot around 35%. However one they say he balled out and the other one was struggling.
Just saw that. CP3 era, wow I feel old
I hate to be the bearer of bad news but she is more than likely dead and will never get to say goodbye
Break ups are hard. Hope you feel better.
@TheDuranSite Russian mistrust of the U.S is well justified &amp; the precaution they've taken are very prudent.
It's been a long time since that was true, but thank you.
damn it I was holding out for [NAME] to carry the game
That’s possibly why he couldn’t get rich or famous in Hollywood without LVP propping him up.
It’s good, but a bit too late. The U.S. military likely brought back their soldiers’ remains forty or fifty years ago.
those pictures of [NAME] are real, he's on Crashing and the way he looked in the premiere was just awful.
Wait until the clandestine plumber come in. (This is possibly one of the most obscure comment I will have ever wrote.)
> It leads to touching and doing inappropriate things with the opposite sex I prefer the same sex, so are these things not inappropriate for me?
More worried about the multi-trillion dollars in entitlement programs than 5$ on a wall.
So thoughtful.
Imagine if the illegals were rushing over the border to vote Republican..that wall would be finished tomorrow.Dems have no morals,amigo..just lust.
I'm just still numb.
That sounds awful )-: I'm so grateful that my parents and therapist want to let me figure this out with minimal "supervision"
I am getting a lot of weird replies...
Everyone’s freaking out about our OC. Our need for O-line is more substantial imo
I assume so, in some form. I also hope they show us more up close of their big city as barely shown in some episode I forget.
I did. Thank you for your opinion.
Adulterers are not known to be kind and rationale during a divorce. OP should protect herself.
and [NAME] got blessed with a LocationBot cat fact?! There is no justice in the world...
Bes! You don't just tell a true blooded hoopjunkie to switch a f*c@n' team that juz destroyed your own team. You juz don't! #insult #insult
This is going to be a disaster
Now this REALLY sucks
Obviously there was no body, but what they did find was quite surprising.
Nah. I’ll be fine tho.
I mean, this very post is climate change denial related, which has zero to do with the second amendment, so I don't get your point
Thank you, needed to hear this today!
Exactly why my money goes to more guns and ammo.
The fourth person could be [NAME]. But looking at the trailer it’s probably [NAME] who is back because of [NAME] tumour. Sigh.
If it's a real challenge for you, u can help you with a ban. Then it's trivial
Finally!! Just do it already, it's time.
I too have had this happen on XBONE. I really want to love this game, but it keeps giving me reasons to play something else.
.@RepDelBene: 'Today's proceedings and the entire process is an insult to our constituents.'
@OkashoHime + returned her joyous focus to the pastel-haired girl. 'Wawa's okay, tooooo~!' She squealed before raising her eyebrows at the +
that's not scarcity its desperation and prioritizing looks over everything else
Grandmother touches my hand.
No thanks probably stank af.
Two posts to tell me how incredibly non-triggered you are.
That's probably a good idea. Call them and see if they can help you.
Why does #terrorism exist in the first place? #AskTrumpOneQuestion #terrorism #asktrumponequestion
@brooklynbreeder \nI could not believe that their answer to his outrage was that they were right. I do hope he takes them to the cleaners.
And how often the Asian guy is the token gay guy (especially since Uncle George came out). What I would give for more Asian romantic leads!
The attraction and the action are two separate things, and you know that. No one chooses who they are attracted to. Stop it.
I’d think it would be well seasoned. Others prefer adding black pepper too.
So glad you left this note. This is the way it’s done! Newspaper (or similar) and everything.
Lol I don’t think it’ll change anything.
Beautiful. Up there with that retro '14 Timbers kit for my favorite non-Atlanta MLS kits.
Word. I have 0 of these in my life. I miss my INTJ ex brother-in-law haha.
@cxmbeferre so you WOULDNT date me?????
>>So “let them eat chips”? [NAME].
a pedicure is supposed to be nice but honestly I'm so nervous rn my feet are too ticklish
[NAME] because he's the better player.
Same.. If I'm particularly stressed out someone just walking down the same road as me feels like they're invading my space.
Thanks for the heads up, I'll wait until next week to head down.
@LindaStein1 Me too,I really hope the writers decide to give us an return to McDanno we all love w/o resentment &amp; animosity fingers crossed
I used the call screening on my sister for a laugh.. she was not as amused as I was :)
He sees you when you’re tweeting, He knows that you’re a fake, He knows that you love [NAME] So resign for goodness sake.
Try a group called Our Companions website: people who care a great deal.
I actually didn't realize that my libido had gone down after getting off hormones, and only noticed it after it reappeared with the IUD :'V
okay I just checked and OMG IT's SO TRUE (mostly) I really am a [NAME] <3
She shows up to work the next day with bruises It was too much to handle.
I think there are more deleted comments than actual comments.
Thank you! Yeah, she won't take bs.
Omg this is the best idea I’ve ever heard for a rework
Yes, your trolling is very good. You’re so brave for giving us the opportunity to downvote your sock account to hell.
Nah I dont think the panthers are good enough
4 x zero traction is still zero traction.
DID YOU KNOW THAT CASHEWS COME FROM A FRUIT!?!?
Moved into a new office, and being an internet company, it was important The internet worked..
So now you’ve been given several answers.
Good luck! Also, your story cracked me up. I've been going through some interviews myself lately but fortunately they were over the phone 😅
Strange how it's funny until your mate's getting his arse handed to him.
I'm guessing the NY subway has way higher rider rates
Defense takes more time to implement i think
Immigrant children dying in state camps? Horrible. Healthcare for the poor and eldery? Also horrible! Got it.
Level 50 and I started playing a few days after launch. And I've been playing whenever I had free time to finish those daily orders.
Damn. I didn't realize they just aren't getting paid right now.
Did you even venture to scroll through the nearly 2h long video linked in this thread? Not hard to find....seems like you are just avoiding it.
I think it's time to change my #irate motif, now that #TalkLikeAPirate Day is over, but...Pirate Minion is so cute, I don't want to. 😟 #irate #talklikeapirate
I wouldn't let a sweet potato dictate decisions, ever.
The underground at Waterloo is not a nice place to be at 8.30am on a Thursday #somanypeople #grim #somanypeople #grim
You were inebriated and eating ratshit.
Agreed. He always sounded like he was forcing to much air out of his lungs when he talked to try to have a more intimidating voice.
Oy vey, [NAME] 🗑 is gonna be *pissed*!!!
[NAME] is waaaaaaaay smaller than him haha. Although I'm sure they equally love steak
I do not disagree with any of this. Good take, sir.
I would gladly commit insurance fraud to save my child.
HAHAHAHA I'M AN ASSHOLE
I want the smoky clouds of laughter to swim about you forever more..
“Enjoy your dinner”
Thank you. For some reason I thought it had been released in all markets.
I learned about [NAME] about 1749485 times in medical school lmao Soap helped a ton but it just did not cut it after a while
Yes - thanks for this. Have just finally contacted a counsellor after talking about it for years.
I know it's 40C over here lol
All the while, my foot throbbing.
@TootingCommon stop!!! Don't make me laugh when I'm being sad.
Ofcourse. If you can debunk our arguments and stuff,, well you win. Have a nice day too
I was quoting him. He wanted an "outsider rich business type", piss off
So you’re telling me you think [NAME] is better than [NAME] whatever you say man
yep I wasn't aware I could claim my rec purchases too. thanks
Let people enjoy things
These dogs jump on me and scratch my legs and when I get out of the car they try to jump inside.
WOOO!!! You go boy!!! Good job!! That’s a huge milestone checked off and SURVIVED! Yay!!!
This is in vaucluse ?
People are starting to chant "Fight, fight fight" while some say "Bro, it ain't worth it".
I don't think it's fully sunk in that Val is gone yet
Omg this.. completely relatable and depressing.. yay for us.
[NAME] became president and yet you think [NAME] becoming president is farfetched? Lol
This made matters worse.
Thanks man, I managed to feel better by letting loose with some music - definitely a *much* better way to pull out of a dive.
Maybe so. Should I try to ask her about it? I'm worried that will only scare her more
What about Post Morty?
It's racist.
Girl I got you. guys haven’t experienced culture where basically every girl calls herself fat or tries to restrict their eating because they have insecurity or dysmorphia
SC is still the only game that makes mt entire body overheat to the point of death.
Wow, way to disregard history completely.
Yeah this angle is nauseating.
HOW ELSE ARE WE GOING TO AVOID THE NO-DEAL APOCALYPSE!???
It kind of was for some people.
Or just shoot them. Shooting annoying people is why guns exist.
Thank you!!! /s
I was suffering a delirium flu during the phantom facemask game so it’s all sorts of suffering for me.
Eh, not in Europe, it ain't.
I still gotta watch the last one. ☹
I am here to tell you that it really will work out okay! I have certainly felt like you before. It sucks to feel lonely.
Did you kill the shark to get the shark teeth for your necklace yourself or was it premade? Thanks [NAME]!
All sounds possible except the key, I can't see how it was missed in the first search.
I would make a terrible partner. Fuck, I'm not even a good friend.
Gone Girl 2 looks like it's gonna be great.
You literally changed someone's life for the better. You made the world a better place. Thank you for helping change the stigma against autism.
I've wanted this for so long.
But don't you see it! How dare she show two inches of skin...
Anything intelligent to say, sometime maybe perhaps?
Stop jumping in without context. This is a procedural issue, unrelated to past deeds. You said don’t conflate — so don’t now. Judge facts, not his history.
I have seen people that have many mutual friends with me but I have no idea who they are. It happens.
@WriterlyTweets Supine on the piano—lips parted. #sixwordstory #amwriting #blues #singer #sixwordstory #amwriting #blues #singer
Are there free vaccines for adults? I thought it was just kids and the elderly?
Men are the worst.
Great post! I have tried online dating in the past and I've noticed these things before.
Two homes? In this economy?!
Text to speech is a very very bad idea. You do not want to give 4,000 people full control over what gets said out loud on a stream.
I like this, but it doesn’t quite convey the horrifying rotting smell. It sounds sort of cute! She was not lol
That's a really cheap cop-out for rather common criticism of those games.
The same comedy bit [NAME] has disavowed because it's used almost exclusively in circumstances like this? It's an awful and weak explantation.
As always - in need of good shower.
- blood and mucus and he chokes and has to swallow, mirth cut too short. 'Wrong answer.' It takes some awkward movements - @PersuasiveFuck
My aunt can also be very intimidating when she needs to be. It's her super power.
That's a lot of calories!
Whether returning home or staying put, every step deserves care. Only with precise, people-centered measures can travelers be safe and stayers feel at home.
you annoy me, your name annoys me, your EVERYTHING annoys me 🙃
Our performance was an embarrassment and should never have happened. It's a bottom of the league style performance against top.
As someone who is about to be 29 this is the realest thing I’ve ever seen.
Stranger: **Compliments me** Me: I'M SORRY!!
I just wish he got more screen time. Im enjoying this season but I feel like the huge cast of side characters get all the attention.
That is one of the things I’m most excited for in S2. Seeing him playing [NAME] and go off like this so effortlessly is amazing
You're welcome :)
Be ready to Experience Canes Hockey
Thanks man, I will have to check it out!
[NAME] living in y’all heads rent free lol. It’s kinda sad ngl. EDIT: Thanks for proving my point, guys 😘😘😘
I'm late to the party but she looks like she could get up!!
Stop trying and just do it. Then decide if it’s worth the effort. Otherwise this is just envy.
If it's Fttn, then not much, maybe worse, because it's still using that shitty old rusted copper running through that same old leaky pit
Aghh bacon is actually the worst. The smell of it is soo disgusting you can smell the dirtiness
That's what you get when you stretch a series for too long.... "Ohhh gee....welp.... another one....."
I believe it was a severe dislocation as opposed to a fracture. Regardless....poor guy....
Chicken. Mailman.
great work!
Don't underestimate him, he can do it in 2
Hey look It's a Bernout from Potomac! Lol
Woooooooooo it took long enough but the UYU boys finally did it and made the league
That’s what I think as well.
Because our democracy is not going to be held hostage by terrorists
Keep smiling :)
Not delusional at all imo
Doubt Bucks would ever let hm go though
Love the use of ginormous ... so true
What was he “healing” you from?
Oh, you play on Skelth too. Actually, my laptop almost died during that one))) But somehow I managed through that haha
Lol that’s great. Grew up in north jersey and had the opposite experience
I am so sorry for your loss. I lost my Brother a few years back. My thoughts and heart is with you.
Palms had a rough game against PHL. Seems a bit off lately.
You’re a liar. 😂
I hate that I was young enough to not remember this but old enough to remember the next Super Bowl....
For fucking real. That is not normal behavior for anyone over the age of 15 and it's totally cringey
Don't worry, you'll get to keep your same plan. It'll just double in price.
Bigger kid in the black shirt perfectly missed the entire thing, turns back to see the kid pop back up and run away. Totally oblivious
“My love is written in the wind; ever since, the whole world is you.”
Thank you I hate it
Wow. Good thing [NAME] are known for having ample savings since our country treats the average worker so well.
She is :(
I guess the trick is not to eliminate susceptibility to 51% but to minimize it extremely.
I always admire a pinch of salt in anything. I can't upvote you enough sir.
What’s going on with Hu Xuan’s abnormal vote share since early the next day? Did they change the algorithm only for her? Others’ votes are rising, hers keep falling proportionally. If you don’t want to restore it, fine — but stop wasting players’ time and feelings.
omg this sport is so insane and I love it
Can you link in the full posted videos where they yelled about the wall ? Thanks.
I'll happily answer this question if you provide a social norm to discuss. I really loath philosophical round-a-bouts on reddit.
Any response helps and makes me feel like I’m not alone....thank you❤️
I was thinking the same thing! Then I saw your flair.
The [RELIGION] Church has been raping children for decades, that we know about. More likely hundreds of years. Probably since they've existed.
I really hope [NAME] gets a great helm. A crown would be cool but I want a properly armored sword and board knight.
My legs are feeling the effects right now.
i love them on the grill with italian sausage they turn so sweet,
That's called lust, and is completely normal. Just dont get obsessive and do things to keep you busy and dont be afraid of them feelings
😅 sorry. Lol
the fucking buffet part killed me, i always considered myself good at roasting but damn bro lmaoo
The inevitable divorce is probably going to cost him more than a new ring
That woman gave me nightmares as a child. Also, you probably know this but she also plays [NAME] aunt in the third movie!
Great work guys! Always A++ Prime casters!
I'd be more worried about the kids needing eye protection at that point.
I don't know what would happen if you refuse to use the state in force immigration.
Omg like if you read this in 2019😂
Oh my gawd. WHAT?
@ContourCosmetic well done ladies! A great award for an amazing team. A delight to present the award to you.
I wish I had a name
Curious about your thoughts on BC’s LNG activity.
The altcoin thread!? This is the first time I've seen it in 6 months.
@Cherie_Fitz it's being extremely playful
Good thing he realized this was pointless before he resigned from his state senate seat. ^/s
Keep fighting the good fight
I am so very, very happy at your last sentence. If you understand that, you will be permanently free.
@Patsy1207 @markheardusa @theinquisitr Do your fuc*ing job and report the news.Just another bully to go in the basket.Freedom or fear???
Because this creep wanted to put his hands on the girl.
How sad that you think because [NAME] wants something we should no longer want it. Grow up you child. Life does not revolve around you or [NAME].
Fewer and fewer good horror offerings from Hollywood every year. Or have I just gotten too old for this shit?
this is bad
I am so blessed to be a lesbian.
You did not say you thought you did you said "they both blocked me" and then went back and edited your comment. LOL.
No. There's a fair amount of nudity, violence and foul language.
" The man told her that he had and she said, "Well, I might as well tell you the story.
> like beer, is a waste of time Sir you forget yourself!
He's just logged off and I can't wait for you to see the final number.
Wow your sister is in abusive relationship, cool.
I wonder if it's a deal issue and they are allowed, again, to slip away in the last minute.
I'll admit that's a bit surprising, since it's such a massive international hub. But beggars can't be choosers I guess.
37?? He looks 47. Hard life...drugs and alcohol.
Very insightful and tragic post, OP. Thank you for sharing and raising awareness as someone who has been through the trenches.
3 words , Hitachi Magic Wand
I absolutely love him. He is one of the two people that I enjoy playing. He has one of the most unique move sets and I like that
That is just untrue there were public schools in boston as early as 1682 that I know of. Edit. I wrote 1782 i meant 1682
Can confirm it's very cold in Chicago today
Cruz Azul choked? I never would have expected that from them, thanks for the heads up
My friends thought I was asexual
I love [NAME] goggles.
This is very cool! I'll definetly be using this.
What about [NAME] arm ?Is [NAME] replacing [NAME] cannon ? I was more bummed about losing [NAME] arm than his bat .
Yea we're already in last place, those 3 missing assures nothing lol.
If it’s not raining, then GoBike is great. Only $15 for a month.
Cervezas for everyone!
Not fun at all — got angry and came home on New Year’s Eve. Those snobbish relatives aren’t worth visiting.
Those on the right are oddly easy to convert at times. Good luck.
@duthie @Carabao_Cup Lets not mention this again! #QPRvBRE  #qprvbre
Lol only a snowflake would call that a harassment campaign
What’s a dis- what’s that?
Politics are boring. Vote for everyone. -[NAME]
That's my plan!
I get told lose weight but still date ugly obese girls after cause that's what a good guy would apparently do
BUT IT'S HER TURN! /s
This fuck needs to sthaaaaap
That was my favorite PS1 game.
Unrelated but wow I’m so proud that I can read like 70-80 percent of this because I studied Chinese for 3 years. 加油！在中国你做什么？
I'm more interested in why there are goldfish in the picture...
> Native Lithuanian Cool! Are you still there? My family was in Kursenai/Telsiai until the early 1930s.
Still waiting for this
I have no idea what that means.
Maybe it was. I don't really understand what the point you're trying to make here is.
Your idea of the supposed limitations of bots is actually hilarious.
Them boys smelling even more blood in the water. Rack them fuckin points up boys!
My parents just couldn't understand that pick
I just looked for this sub so I could comment on how great he is.
How did you try it if it's not live yet? There was no early access to it
Sorry if I was insulting, I just took your post as some commie type smugly trolling how stupid [NAME] is
Have fun.
It really superly dried my face out.
It really depends on what you're going for. Girls are attracted to different attractive archetypes.
Because you didn't realize MEPS was an acronym? Yeah, definitely taking anything you say to heart. Piss off depper.
Keeping his mouth shut? After cheerleading for the dictatorship, that's the least the scumbag can do.
lmao i wish it was 10 am for us in south america
It's funny cause you say socialists have an "ignorance of economics" while posting on an anarcho-capitalist sub :) I think you clearly fundamentally misunderstand socialism.
So they should be ecophiles instead, not ecosexuals.
The register entries have allot of interesting information, and basically served as the record of service for all personnel.
I hope xe had a nice talk with the premier
I am very happy with play music. please tell me this is a lie
Usually I'm not one to rush colder weather but this year I'm so ready for hot coffee, dark lippies, scarves, sweaters, &amp; boots 🍂👢☕️💄
They have problems for sure.But they don't have YOUR problems.
I'd be happy to make a donation if you've got some left!
All that matters is how you use those four inches, really
If many people truly see that as a consequence, I'd suggest SD's public [NAME] needs some work. Sad.
okay im interested in joining the bare hands hunting posse
I keep being drawn to her privates because it looks so strange to me.
See, this... This is how an e-friendship ends 😋
Captain you ARE wrong. You’re wrong nooption to argue. I have the final rule ! Nope not gonna listen.
[NAME] i’m so addicted to watching Narcos in bed. it’s so damn good
This is awesome! do you have any more artwork on a website or social site? Is this for sale!?
Honestly today I just felt like maybe track isn't for me
i want to believe that every1 on pc just really loves the nuketown "weekend" and will return to normal after the double xp goes away.
Imagining doing something this drastic all alone is just... I can't fathom the anxiety. Man.
Yeah i don't want them to know to early it ruins the fun.
#terrorstatepak #pakistan is a #terror state #terrorstatepak #pakistan #terror
I would like to send you a card or an email for your next birthday if you would want that :)
Because some women are capable of seeing past physical appearance and are intelligent enough to try to get to know someone instead of making snap judgements.
LET'S INVADE THE PLAYER'S INSTAGRAM!
This 2D-meets-3D feel has been in all Paper Mario games, they all have an interesting take on it.
It's not his fault, it's your wife's. Shes the one you need to be pissed at
**KICK HIS ASS SEABASS**
Because the hierarchy is afraid they’ll get burned.
It was like he suddenly realised he couldn't claim that a product both had no effects and beneficial effects at the same time
Yeah I love the shenanigans he gets up to. Shame he hasn't been able to get up to much recently though.
Can’t wait to try this out
I hated broccoli until my parents tapped into my obsession with dinosaurs and got me to pretend I was a brontosaurus
He's been amazing tonight
The best soft sequel pre-boot spin-off. The movie that would be better as several movies or a tv series. The best outrage over a movie.
So can relate. Hot to the point I hated feeling good because it wouldn't last. Might as well enjoy the moment!
This is so amazing 😍
Lol. Weed is a he'll of a drug. I'm not changing a thing. Prey away.
Oh my bad hahaha
I’m so confused — suddenly this notice drops, and everything tense just vanished. Not that I liked lockdowns, but now I feel lost…
My cell won't hold a charge 😢 #sadness So should I... #sadness
I had so many bad Supercuts haircuts that I cringe when I look at the place and go to a fancy schmancy salon exclusively.
Holy [NAME], our hope and handmaid of the [NAME], pray for us!
Barring an injury, [NAME] will be up by May at the latest. You're not going to sign him for one month.
That poor janitor.
I do know a few fellows who didn't get accepted until a full month after. Just chill until then. Good luck!
May i ask where?
But not if you've accepted rent from him, which it appears you have.
Im kinda hoping some woman flips the coin and posts how secretly poking holes in condoms with sewing needles to get pregnant was the best decision of her life.
it's hurting my heart :( why did you leave me
You know nothing about this guy... this is a not cool thing to say.
@hedgegirl I was only joking. I don't have any parents. 😈 #dark #dark
I'm concerned because I understood it as well. Is Kykko a bot?
So kind of like the Yellow Vests.
But it's different, they're not rich because of those darn immigrants, otherwise they'd be a billionaire!
Whoooo...doggie! That’s some purty chili!
I’m sorry to hear this. Unfortunately online dating is trying to find the bits of gold in a pile of pyrite
Hahaha and those pathetic elderly taking computer classes. What worthless trash people XD
That would be really rough. However she is so incompetent I wouldn’t be surprised if she self immolates
mvp REALLY cares about your time spent dead and azmo usually doesnt die
it always depends on person and dosage. get products with only dex youll thank yourself for it.
It's been 2 hours since OP posted the comment, hope OP alright
Not surprised, especially coming from a society that essentially puts expectations of children way too high....
May I visit your dream tonight? Stroke your soft bangs, pinch your chubby cheeks, count each eyelash, and finally confess all my affection.
Was broken up with, still live together 2 months later, and probably will for another month. Studio apartment, 1 bed.
Other than the [NAME] storyline and the flashbacks the stories building up to the main villain went in circles. Wasn’t anything exciting or to interesting.
in my dream....They were trying to steal my kidney!!!  #blackmarket #whydidiwatchthat #blackmarket #whydidiwatchthat
Changed my clothes at work and had my pre-workout..  In route to the gym and there is traffic all over - pre workout kicking in.. #rage #rage
Well. Good... they should know they've pissed me off
You'll win in the long run by not shutting up.
What's worse is using self destruct without the pilot DLC. You just die :(
@scdesc Yup. And Val basically ignoring the recipe. I'm just done. I keep bursting into laughter x
[NAME] back, LAL will keep it close at the least or snap out of this funk.
Bring a cat with you so when they try to attack, throw the cat at them.
Yeah I grew up watching them play in the sand unis. I like it more than the standard road gray.
The song “Mountains and Rivers Safe in My Heart” conveys love and hope through its warm melody, healing everyone. May every encounter in this world be beautiful!
He's given them a year and a new budget. Everyone knew this was going to happen.
There it is!
So why wouldn’t the white Sox just offer an extra $20 million
Ranger Pathfinder?
As I was looking at it, a terrifying dog that shows up pretty regularly in my nightmares started barked and throwing itself at the door all Cujo-like.
I had an ant crawling on my elbow just now, and I flicked him off.
Getting so excited for @ClearwaterJazz 2016!! We play the main stage Sunday Oct. 16 at 3:30!! #jazzholiday #riesbrothers #rock #blues #jam #jazzholiday #riesbrothers #rock #blues #jam
Cam cannot be serious with that IG post and that stupid ass font he uses. Would've been better to just say nothing.
It was so fucking weird.
I stand by my point: why do you care what he does now.
This is on a video about electric guitars what the fuck?
[NAME] will be livid if he does not get a burger but see [NAME] stuffing his face.
Are you able to see a therapist or counselor?
I’m just waiting for love
I remembered it slightly differently. My brain is terrible for coming up with this one: [NAME] Long Thick Penis Has Come To Town.
Stupidly stubborn / stubbornly stupid
I’m here for a final set match TB like this match deserves!
For real! It was like a shining beacon in the night!
I found it interesting that [NAME] wasn’t addressed in FA or until the later rounds of the draft.
Would destroying the business bring them both closer together?
Dude, its **life** it's not **trauma**. Grow up
Thank you for your kind words and understanding. You are right on many levels.
Nothing matters. The world was burning when you came in to it and it will be burning when you leave it.
Wait so you can get an acre of rainforest for $35? I mean, it would be way cheaper at that volume but still that's real cheap
This is true, but he's perceived as white by most liberals.
I’m excited!
Ugh, man, I really liked Louis CK. Not anymore. I still like Brand New even though [NAME] is a creeper.
Really wish we had got something like this!
thats amazing!! Congrats!
This is doubtful...he just won with over 50 percent
Didn’t the chinook end? How are her legs not freezing off?!
Wow that's a really great explanation. Makes sense!
I mean a blowout isn’t really enjoyable.
bite your tongue
What’s going on in here ? 😰😰
@bryony_gordon Sat waiting for bus today enveloped in a strawberry scented damp and revolting cloud of vape. I moved away, disgusting, urghh
If theyre real pharma then id charge $7 or 8 a pill. I never pay more than 5 for real ones but $8 is still kinda fair
It is a #great start for #beginners to jump into auto #trading. PROFITABLE FX EA will give you full support, manuals &amp; Team Viewer support. #great #beginners #trading
Let this be a lesson at how easily manipulated some therapist are. Block the therapist immediately. He/she has been compromised by a psychopath.
Pressure 7 targets/10 targets, popcorn, any tracking, and any tile frenzy because I enjoy trying to beat my highscore
[NAME] is a warmonger. Other than that, he’s pretty libertarian.
That's got nothing to do with anything that's happened in this thread
Whoomp there it is
I can’t even hear what they are saying.
I'm afraid that will leave Britain no better. Can't imagine the ruckus if remain wins.
They as in men lol
Can’t get it — half a month ago every return required phone reporting, now they can’t even get accurate testing data.
Yeah, but if they don't get the point, they go and try somewhere else... like say unpopular opinion maybe
Me when I spent 90% of the art exam time finishing the head and need to rush the rest of the body.
I had no other option, not with the way my heart started beating erratically at the mention of his name.
whenever I put 'I wanna be adored' on my brother alwayss sings 'I wanna be a dog' instead just to irritate me
Imagine my shock... but he does seem very representative of the left.
How does “isolate first, then detain” show the official overstepped power? Can’t they isolate, then hand over to judicial authorities for a detention decision?
Sweet, I've put that as location and took a note of that route. You fancy it?
Honestly, this has got to be the most reckless way to bully and harass a kid. Kids have a tendency to grow to their expectations
The greater good
oops, back in a minute, your round!
You don't have delusions of grandeur though, so you'll be done in by poisoned berries.
with these comments i thought this was r/vegan for a sec lmao
Because he’s actually cool with racism and anti-semitism. Just draws the line at rape.
Well I mean OP said this was a year ago, I meant that they could STILL press charges.
I would have thrown them out sooner for all of the childish things they did.
How he dropped that sheep, probably going to hell but i almost choked laughing.
Actually made me feel worse. Kids are always back there, death would have been guaranteed had they any.
“I hold that the more helpless a creature, the more entitled it is to protection by man from the cruelty of man” -[NAME]
I'M SHERRIFF JOHN BUNNELL
Sorry if Im slow here but what does Milan or [NAME] have to do with this? Hes going to Inter or Arsenal,no?
Some of my best rolls were with 50mg. Less is more!
They mug you and ruin the country
OK. caitoz is an [NAME] shill and closely aligned with Russia. Enjoy irony!
Skypeia in One Piece has literally nothing to do with the main plot but I loved it. It also gave us the single greatest reaction image.
I love lamp.
I always thought Gao Qisheng was to blame — he pushed his brother down the dark path, ignoring their situation just to open a pager shop. He was top of his class from a great university — could’ve gone anywhere, joined civil service, climbed up. Who would’ve touched his brother then? But his unchecked pride led to murder — endless desire.
Thank you, you're awesome
I'm no cosplayer, but that [NAME] needs some work.
Bold of you to assume just about everyone here wouldn't do this for you, you absolute gem
I played for a decade+ on release, I'd be happy to help you or anyone else!
No you wouldn't
Why would the family talk about this on camera?
HOW DID I NOT THINK OF THIS
"I'm not the one constantly talking about getting laid, YOU are!"
LOL to your family
Just to clarify, we're supposed to assume that if the female character knew the secret, she would NOT be willing to eat the burger, right?
@NM_NickNocturne Incentivise people to roam the Internet being morally offended, as if they didn't do it enough already.
I think that's also what I'm saying so we're good.
So precious! Thanks for sharing Give me animals pics over human babies any day~
[NAME] is not a guy I root against. Just hope we have a good enjoyable game
Bought a box a few months ago out of nostalgia, but honestly, the taste doesn’t compare to some of the newer coconut milks.
Hell yeah buddy things are looking up.
Yay yayeeeee!
The gust grew stronger and stronger till I felt I was about to be lifted from my feet.
Well the cops would probably become even more corrupt in covering things up to protect their buddies from losing retirement
Yes. However, they also could've just gotten something catered.
What a great training course, lots of photos, fun and laughter. Photo's will be up soon #Boostercourse #fun  #boostercourse #fun
It's an absurdly racist phrase that these anti-racist activists are very comfortable using for some reason.
I already told you, food poisoning or allergic foods. The real greedy snake oil salesmen are big pharma.
I tried. [NAME] responded by taking the baby to see her without me, while I was at work. 😤
Now I just want to see every scene with [NAME] in it with [NAME] following him around playing the theme.
I wish you to experience exactly the same feelings that I'm experiencing
this strikes me hard. I wish i knew my way out of this
I want this cat
Best of luck in your career :)
Hang on to all sorts of things just in case. Eat inexpensive food.
He’s from the city so I guess he gets crazy moms or something. He’s awesome 😂
Maybe you should reflect on why the left is full of [NAME]. I would also like your source on TD being white nationalists.
@AASadeq I scare people even when I'm suspended? LOL
The Supreme Court has already ruled the police have no obligation to protect you. They are there to enforce laws.
Therapy really is the only way. It's not easy, but maybe therapy will help you learn to love yourself enough to love someone else one day.
Might start stanning Lady Gaga again - more so than last time - but shhh don't tell Connor
It still baffles me how they cover for him, and his trace amounts, when they’re in his body because he cheated in the first place.
What is your favorite black and white tv show.
Wow, they are actually struggling against the Hawks for 3 full quarters.
Watched it last night and as someone not generally into supernatural horror/thriller type stuff, I thought it was pretty damn enjoyable.
Will the full squads (+subs) be announced before the league starts? Curious as to who teams put down as their subs
@FraserKeegan just had a steak pie supper #tremendous #tremendous
Bam, it's suddenly fixed! Thanks that was great. This is all happening in Bizarro World.
You goatta be kidding me!
What’s a matter? I thought you liked faces.
Having holiday blues! #WantToGoBackToMinehead. #wanttogobacktominehead
That’s gonna be a no from me, [NAME]!
Connie's fuming at Bake Off and went 'fuck this I'm starting on the vodka'
I think I would spontaneously combust from sheer delight
Thank you so much. I will check them out as well.
> DJT to realize I’m not sure this is even a thing that happens.
I just watched the entire episode. They never once hint that they were having an affair. That information didn't come from the show.
[NAME] having an adult life, yeah ist tiring. But not exactly new and not at all women specific imo.
I would say make it NSFW but I won't joke. We don't work here
Fuck shit bitch
You shut your mouth. shut it right now. *sobbing uncontrollably*
It was magic.
I call [NAME] fraud! That's not the first time she saw [NAME] after prison.
Thanks, I'd never heard this information. Only "humans have the best endurance"
@nytopinion  The point of voting for Trump to push all the pieces off the board game like an angry toddler? Wreck everything for everybody?
The most important characteristic of leadership is the lack of #fear.  #activism #equity #revolution #fear #activism #equity #revolution
That DJ Wilson Pass was a thing of beauty. So unselfish and skillfully done.
I am glad I'm not the only person who noticed that bit of WTFuckery. 🤣
oh, that's cool! Well, i'll say that the budget for this one definitely shows!
I thought there's a top 5 and they filmed each elimination? What makes you say [NAME] isn't there (though I'd love [NAME] to be)
I think you grossly overestimate how many former felons will bother voting anyway, and grossly underestimate how conservative hispanics ([NAME] in particular) are in Florida.
That's the same thing 8 year olds use to try and get my items in video games. The guilt and shame strategy... Pathetic.
Oh yeah that
The sad truth is that all the feelings you get are real and genuine in that moment
ah, ok! i'm afraid i do, i just didn't realise that's what it meant (so old i am going stupid....)
Me, too. Was shocked to say the least.
I went there once and was like “yeah neat I guess” around the same time. Totally forgot about it until I saw the pic of the door
Multiplayer guys got shafted too. It's sucks, but at least there's some new content.
Yes please! OwO
She is my favorite model from American Eagle store. Such beauty and so positive.
Did you watch highlights of [NAME] vs [NAME]? [NAME] had amazing highlights but he isn’t the one competing for the Hart trophy now.
No need to be so strict — what’s indecent about her? She wasn’t posing seductively. Look at those streamers instead.
It doesn't matter. You can pick someone with the #1 Pick that will never be any good... #1
Ok, I have to see this thing now.
Dude, there is nothing you can do against a team shooting like that, nothing. And out shooting is really good too.
Exactly, or they thought he was saying it jokingly. The delusion these men live with continues to amaze me
@jackmegawphoto what if lives are attached to real estate? Shall I come trash your cameras because I'm angry with what your race is doing?
I thought he was trolling oops
In news about Zhengzhou’s flood report, no Shaanxi locals used it to stir things—Shaanxi folks are decent. If it were Xi’an, eastern netizens would flood it with sarcasm.
Seeing how I was as a teen and how most teens are, nope! Dont want to deal with that.
You armchair analysed it, and were entirely wrong. Literally none of what you said was true, because it was all pretend.
Cheers mate for the correction, i saw Prestigeiskey's vid and couldnt remember exactly when but knew its coming sooner than later.
One can only hope this is the worst issue you ever have to deal with in life. Sheesh.
Lol what an edgelord
For the most part yes.
I didn't see it either! I feel like the kid at the birthday party that didn't get a piece of cake...
I liked spending all my nights at home hula hooping and listening to pop music and laughing at jokes inside my head.
I literally got the same bug
If/then. Not if/than. “If this happens, then that happens.” “I have more than you.” It’s never if/than.
the sky, living a happy and amazing life in the clouds.
i've never been baby crazy but goddamn if i'm not always craving an adorable puppy in my arms 😭😭
I might be in trouble in this case. I have 7 years going on 8 :(
A quartet of [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] and Ox would be lovely.
Love their channel, with tracks like these I'm expecting them to become a full band
I'm so sad for you, I'm so so sorry. 💔
It's not internalized homophobia, it's literally just an annoying voice.
Yea it’s so weird
How would you get off? HOW WOULD YOU GET OFF?!?!
jesus ok an alarming percentage of my teachers ths year dont have a  s ingle thoughtful bone in their bodies . its gonna b an interesting yr
She lived in the boonies &amp; one night she was getting ready for bed when she glanced out the window &amp; saw a red flicker.
Can't have a triangle without 3 parties. That description is the exact same as my nex, too.
Oh no, they down voted me, they canny take patter :'(
Happy birthday and I'm really glad I won't be feeling like you when you wake up tomorrow
I mean all marxist obviously praise [NAME], and would hold meetings with [NAME].
Exactly! I'm Pan cos I like warm colors babey!!
excuse me what. [NAME] played midfield pretty much the entire half of last season for Liverpool
Not sure what's cringe about this, even if you disagree with the political message
Did you know that [NAME] and [NAME] named one of their children after a suburb in Pretoria? How cool is that!
It was a beautiful week
Because it was a perfect illusion, but at least now I know what it was. #angry #ladygaga #iscalming#mysoul #angry #ladygaga #iscalming
Just give me 20 million dollars and let me retire early. gg wp life
Now that's a beautiful cake but that's way way WAAAAAAY too much icing for me... Added a good 5 inches to the cake damn!!
#blackish always has me #rollin #hilarious #blackish #rollin #hilarious
Yeah, I don't think I'd get along with /u/77096, either.
Wow. Yellow erasure much??? 😡
Its all good until that episode where [NAME] traps the bat on [NAME] head comes on and she screams bloody murder and wakes us up.
@laureeenwillam can't cope wi her sour face and tiny pout 😡😡
[NAME], buy me dinner before you go to poundtown on us.
Or the Samsquatch
Ok why did you bother responding then. ☺️
I’m not sure what there is to disagree about. It was obviously a subjective claim.
Wah wahooooo!
I’m impressed.
Had surgery at 3mnths old to fill a pinhole in my back (spinabifida) Cutting myself after some severe postpartum depression
This length of hair looks so good on [NAME]. And [NAME] does have a glow...slow down on the booze and pasta ladies 🙃
trashy comment.
Forever angry that gh ruined Molly and morgan's bond/friendship
I'm sure he immensely appreciates the gesture.
Struggling to find :(
Thanks, that's an important point I should have mentioned.
That’s when we realized straights dress like randomized sims
You're a legend.
Higher ranking officer? Also, I'm curious, do MP have authority in scenarios like this?
this would be insane on your heart dude, but life’s short and people have done worse.
Ronaldo has been shocking. He's tried to do skill twice and he's nearly fallen over both times
This is amazing man. Congrats and keep em coming
Lol 3 likes and 15 dislikes.
almost every single time i have a friend from out of state visit, they make a comment about how bumpy our roads are
[NAME] can play a round of golf in 18 shots. He's definitely a starter cause he can make [NAME] look like an amateur
I don’t currently have a cool [NAME], but my two best work girlfriends are *both* married to [NAME], so.
It was fucking epic, don’t deny it!
Shooting dogs to make our country safe!
I see a lot of adult women who look fantastic with bangs, this article is just dumb
@CBSBigBrother she's pathetic!!! Hated Nicole for being cute &amp; having a showmance &amp; she couldn't get one! #bitter #uglycry #BBMichelle 😖 #bitter #uglycry #bbmichelle
And my mind drifts away, I close my eyes, it's like I'm almost there.
Yeah for sure, they're too smart to go to class anyway, they've got time.
If found seeds in some of that absolute dankest flower I’ve ever smoked. Grease monkey.. I can still smell it 👌
Unless you're a conservative trying to protect yourself. In that case, good luck.
That "you see" sentence tipped me off too. So strangely written. And very self praising.
#ntfc mourinho is worried,  bringing Ibra  and Rushford on.  #ntfc
oh fuck i've never been more sure we're gonna lose
Wow! What a big beautiful terrific post, thank-you OP for enlightening us to these hidden truths.
Haizhu’s been under lockdown nearly 10 days — public transport stopped. You kept commuting? Was it company orders? Now you’re stuck — are they taking responsibility?
Typically the speeches come from a functional adult. The Idiot is an unindicted co-conspirator with a visible personality disorder. Feigning normalcy is part of what's wrong.
Gone but not forgotten. You will be missed, you will be forever loved.
Nothing special, just love a good knife fight. Bonus Revive.
>Bad request. this is some dank-tier meme that I'm not authorised to see, thanks [NAME]!
*Shrug* "Heh, Another tuesday"
my name’s [NAME] and i usually get a lot of [NAME] references. i cringe smile almost every time
What I find disgusting is thinking you can be a liberal and a ecologist. Anyone has its own ideas I guess.
Ive always wanted someone to tell me how beautiful my protein powder looks.
@elena_yip My random guesses for you! A potential Amelie, Kenneth of 30 Rock (but YA instead of TV) &amp; maybe w/ the optimism of Lara Jean?
That was his scripted job. Fake.
Alright, see ya man
Omg you’re so cute!
mavs fans and r/nba as a whole are weak spirited smh i gotta step my trolling up
Right now but there's a huge push for anyone to be able to self identify and to remove the 2 years completely
You're just lonely, dude. Don't mix that feeling with love.
Be safe and kind no matter what kind of sex you have and you'll be okay
Yep, had to chase and kept honking. Driver eventually stopped.
How have [NAME] and [NAME] looked tonight? I was watching the Huskies game during the first period.
They’re more and more surprised every week when this is reposted.
She did it once I don’t think she would do it again but they might interfere in [NAME] match with [NAME]
And then get frustrated when they realize the internet isn't censored and then call for censorship.
Seeing something that hurt so much in the past in front of me now and not a single sign of grieve. Magicalllll.  ✨
@addicted_spurs Cos they all have it's ok then. #great #great
Be happy. Be who you want to be. If others don't like it, then let them be. Happiness is a choice. Life isn't about pleasing everybody....
After Nawaz Sharif's speech on terrorism, Kejriwal is expected to talk on Governance.
There is a difference between attacking someone, because they say they don't like someone else and attacking someone, because they kill people.
Now he isn't pulling enough troops out? He just can't win..
We all decided to calm down, we thought that it was probably something when your phone activates something, thats all.
Being someone who has severe anxiety and in this predicament before, you need to do what’s best for YOU
oh, rich people loooooooooooooooooooove to prey on the poor, they couldn't bear not raping, mocking, humiliating, profiting from, the 99%
Those splits of Marla's still amaze me! Not only in terms of flexibility, but STRENGTH. Just imagine how heavy that leg is...
@RelUnrelated While I do not see Sailer Mars being a raging liberal, I doubt that she would say such a thing.
Feb 2nd you reset to zero so call in today to make sure you are healthy call it a health day.
Have you had no withdrawal symptoms? Did you quit cold turkey? I want to go off abilify, it sucks.
From [NAME]: I T ' S S P E L L E D O U I J A Goodbye
Its probably just related to something she is dealing with. Stress/anxiety often causes nightmares. But there are plenty of potential
I LOVE google voice! IT's the only way I can get my parents to reply to anything!
Seems like you're another guy who hates legion ;D
That depends. Do you have 4 legs?
I’m glad things are coming to light, I pray justice is served for the victims.
PayPal is fucking pricey. 500 bucks to Mexico cost me 60$
It's sad that nearly everything seems ok as long as [NAME] told you to do it.
Fortnite is not a good game anymore smh my head
Stop it. You're giving me that warm fuzzies now.
Honestly in belonged in 2016 or 2017. Fortnite and the little kids that love it are the only reason it gained popularity again and for so long.
I need to stop second guess myself and just go with the first thought and go with it. #relentless #relentless
INFP. I’m a very selfless person, which helped me find friends, but not a love interest or a partner
Proud of you.
I can’t look at [NAME] with this hair!
@asda if I wanted GREEN POTATOES, a bottle with the tag still on, plus soaking wet items delivered - I'm winning today-sadly I didn't
Been closeted for 25 years, I feel like it made me the man I am today.
Idk why you got downvotes. These officers, furry and not so, protect and serve and save so many loves. Have my upvote sir/ miss.
So you’ve never had a fwb situation and if you have it made you worthless for a real relationship to other women? Hope this goes both ways
> husband probably came out blasting like the dude in the bathroom in pulp fiction Except this dude actually hit what he was shooting at.
Can anyone actually reach the staff at Yanggudian?? An elderly person bitten by an animal must be taken to the hospital for vaccination!!!
Sorry, can you translate that to English for me?
Hey [NAME], just wanted to say thanks for coming to Minnesota, that’s all :)
Yaaaaaas! Also, your username is awesome.
@SimplyMayaMarie @STILLStanding_B 😂😂😂 y'all know I'm crazy its just shocking that's all
I was having a good dream.. and then my alarm went off
if it shatters your little ego i'm fine with this. :)
Hi, this is [NAME] from Hairspray the movie...I care!
It's bad when that sounds tasty to me
Remember when that one guy went on “Carpenter is awful” campaign? That meltdown was my favorite
Some people don’t understand at all and just call everything a “IQ tax.” Early education is meant for play — my kid is so happy there, with friends and toys, they don’t even want to go home.
@ksmitely @CitizenMeh I feel strongly that we need to work together to right this dreadful wrong.
Because they claim to be against [NAME], and they need something called "votes" to beat him?
Under the pandemic, the hardest-hit aren’t the rich but ordinary folks — no income yet forced into high expenses.
You really really summed that up. Perfectly actually.
I wish I could give it to you. I've always had negative comments.
Why? I would rather the players get the money than the owners
Since our newest addition to this holiday I've included a new, fun tradition where you hide a yellow toupee inside of the president's tree.
Racism. They're talking about racism. The hate is the new KKK sheet.
@donlemon listening to these politicians is making me so #angry I'm so fucking tired of political speak by career politicians @PatMcCroryNC #angry
I was just gonna say this look like fake karma.
I'm on board the Saints hype train. [NAME] is an amazing QB.
That was it, nothing more.So at first as I lay in bed I had quite a deadpan look on my face.
Don't worry, I'll sacrifice myself. Hey u/hellseashell, come over here. wants to call you a piece of shit.
Actually the chat is fairly centrist and there’s nothing wrong with having English as your second language
Theres no way 88% did that grossness.
I did that.
@Mets @JdeGrom19 I'm depress now
@gothictana im a delight
A lot of people shit on wiki edits, but most of them give me a nice little chuckle
Needed this going through the same thing 4ight now and this definatley will keep me going !
Common app just randomly logged me out as I was writing the last part of my college essay and lost all of it 😭😭😭
@canada4trumpnow @donlemon he has BAD TEMPERAMENT #tantrums #HissyFits #tantrums #hissyfits
I'm getting use to not having a phone it's sad ..
Oh my [NAME] I forgot about that movie
That definitely makes him a terrorist.
ngl his total thievery of the lwymmd lyrics was highkey annoying to me but the song is actually pretty damn good lol
Imagine ur mom doing that I’m crying
Gee that sure is a strange way to spell [NAME].
Is this [NAME] working in retail?
Yepp. I've struggled to hold a job so I'd be in trouble without it.
As someone who went through school before the internet existed, yes, weird creepy kids existed. Although it was more in your face.
[NAME] steals the game! (and the puck for bouncing off of Detroit players)
lmao yes, my reasoned, supported response to your unfounded criticism is most certainly an example of one of the points the hack artist tried to assert
Are you assuming that all of [NAME] friends are mutual friends of whoever took this screenshot?
Week 16 this year vs the Jets. I lost my fantasy playoff game but it was worth it lol.
Be content .... Life is too short.
Banger sit in 2013 reason why we great doings him alias for why we rejoice in he.: kzfqR
I realized I was now down to my last 20 Pound note and some coins ( which I have yet to figure out ) so I decided to keep my eye open for an ATM.
Nonsense! Even malls require masks, and theme parks remind you to wear them — in such confined spaces it’s even more necessary
If you zoom in a bit you can tell that it’s literally painted on.
Holy shit that SSP was beautiful
I keep seeing you around and I love the art. I really want to get into drawing but I’m only good ad heads and faces.
I loved [NAME] as a little kid but I wanted jean's powers but I couldn't stand how goodie goodie her and [NAME] were.
Removing republicans is the first step. You can scream about how they are the same, but perhaps you should look at voting history. Good luck.
Boycotting @DunkinDonuts till butter pecan comes back. I am furious
The only problem is that what you will never hear pf their relationship through sponsorships.
I am always hungry. I do not know fullness. No matter how much I eat.
Thanks man I hope I can get it before the end of the week
Of course I remember a time when I didn't know what calories were. I was a child.
Would not put too much trust on the numbers, Canadian journalists did a test on couple of these services and got different results between two identical twins.
Am owned by a tiny beagle that was previously a stray. This is an underrated comment!
That’s what I’m terrified of.
Say it louder for the Dwight’s in the lockers.
I would love to watch you become jaded by [NAME].
@KevinI @GGGBoxing @SpecialKBrook pretty average, klitschko fury did about 600k and Joshua white did about 450k
Sounds like a scene/moment ripped from Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Avid Android user here. My Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 is by far the sexiest and fastest phone I have ever had. Such bliss when using it.
He looks like he is half Italian half Russian and belongs in a fight club.
This was the one post that truly frightened me about the insane left. They are a cult, and not on our side.
Haha this is one of those moments that makes me laugh out loud
I don't care what anyone says I love [NAME].
[NAME] has only lived for [NAME] and [NAME] for now but the choices have been fair.
Every Saturday for the foreseeable future will be spent studying for the LSAT. Fuck
But it taste and look so good 💦👌
Talent points the way — knowing what you’re good at and recognized for helps you persist. Hard work means focusing your mind and just doing it.
Disagree wholeheartedly. I'm actually amazed anyone can think this way.
I haven't ever considered my dense moments could be hormonal! That sounds like something I'd do, haha.
I actually did have a girl a few towns away in a different school and no one knew her. No one believed me at first :(
@AshleyEmrick Whatever floats your incense boat.
I like you. No promo
Petey ot [NAME]. Let's go. Hockey gods cannot forsake us this much
At least it's decent pay. Lol.
Why is it arrogant to think LIVING IN A FUCKING BEAR CARCASS is wrong?
r/patrig Edit: looks like someone already cross posted it there. That was fast.
Maybe we'll just stop moderating for a while to celebrate TWOW.
That's the magic of drugs, my friend
Should have just gotten massive foundation donations and laundered the profits that way.
[NAME] has a player option next year that seems likely he will likely decline to secure a new contract with more guaranteed money.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. - John D. Rockefeller #quote #inspiration #afraid #great #motivation #quote #inspiration #afraid #great #motivation
“Listen, buddy!” “Listen, fella!”
DoorDash will refund you if you didn’t receive it. Just contact their support.
damn it, you beat me to it.
Seriously what?
Thanks very much. I'm off work in a week or so. I know where I'm heading!
Dang I hope OP took these cause I wish I could’ve
Yes!! There are some great step parents on the show!!
Shithole universe i mean.
Oh god. Imagine losing to Toronto in the cup final. You would spent the rest of your life hearing about it
Which totally makes it less funny for a person like me who has never seen this before, and laughed.
Love anytime we can work [NAME] into a conversation.
It hurts because you hoped she would finally act like a loving mother and she didn't. She just gave you more abuse.
I'm shocked. You mean to say the economic model adopted by every single financially successful country on the planet actually works? /S
I put a hand to my brow furrowed with worry and closed my eyes.
Drugs are a hell of a drug...
I'm trying to work and accomplish things and train this other guy on how to help me with my job and I can't even move my head for fear of puking on my desk.
Haha this dude’s from the area I’m from. He’s a local treasure
Threats and promotion of violence
That's some animal cruelty right there, someone help this poor creature.
your character's so broken!
She could delete her personal accounts and create professional accounts that are only for advertising her business.
And that's why I prefer archive links instead of directly linking to a reddit post.
It is not selfish to end a relationship that is causing you great stress and you feel is over despite loving them.
It’s not even an argument, it’s just a quote with a stupid voice.
why are you so angry
Thanks, I guess? Haha
Sorry for having a working brain :3
@KimLy resent
Im desperately hoping that that is either sarcasm or a troll.
I absolutely love how you can't read what's in yellow somehow it perfects this cringe
Virtue signaling and gate keeping is left praxis. Dont forget shitty gritty memes. policing eachother keeps us busy enough! And the establishment prefers it that way
Just be good and you won’t lose, ez
The Henan Provincial Public Security Department gave grassroots traffic police a “gift” — taking over from the courts the task of escorting drunk-driving offenders to detention centers. Great way to show “preferential treatment” to the police!
Right its not because they look ugly but their personality is ugly. That’s what’s driving everyone away.
This is the dumbest post I've read today. How's that?
A few years ago I worked for an apartment rental agency in a customer service role.
I upvoted because this is absolutely stupid and hilarious at the same time
I’m still waiting for a sick dunk from [NAME]
The same thing used to happen with Cowboy. We've been that team before.
XD lol yes. Ragnarok
oh.. actual physical mail, hehehe I hear ya
I'll happily be rude to people who personally insult me unprovoked, they deserve it 👍 Just as good people deserve respect
Yeah fair, plus this sub tends to go hard in different directions so it becomes extra hard to know if someone really is just that far gone.
You don’t have to grow up on schedule — you can always be a child here. I understand your quirks and hope you have many adorable friends by your side.
My @timehop literally cracks me up when I see posts from 2 years ago and later 😂 #hilarious #hilarious
You can do it! live the dream!
Wait, so do you have a source or not? Genuinely curious, it’s been three comments since the other guy asked
There's definitely something sovcit going on here.
Oh it is going to be glorious.
I'm due for a big change! I've prayed on it, I think I deserve it #positivity  #positivity
@ExpressScripts u shd b embrrssd. u jack up my bp meds twice and it will still take 3-5 days? Not express at all. #expressscripts  #expressscripts
Nimmo? Never heard of the guy. Never seen that infectious smile and everyday hustle before. Of course the Mets know what they have.
I feel bad for laughing at this now that the creator of Spongebob passed away a month ago.
Oh I get it, you are illiterate on purpose because you fear to be fed with lies (in your mind). Sorry for you.
That just shows how similar people can be in this kind of situation, demanding, rude, and can sometimes damage stuff without care
I've always wanted one of those but like worry it'll make a huge mess in my washer
I don't know
Yes! Love me rotties!
No one loves you. Cry more.
@lilymacintyre_ she was my favourite such a joyful soul
You must be fun at parties
thats cool to hear ... [NAME] really is laughable in this regard
The entire Universe outside our galaxy could completely disappeared over 20,000 years ago and we still wouldn't know it yet.. #terrifying #terrifying
Omg I love it
Oh boy lol
Media is so focused on bad news that we forget how much more great/good things happen daily. #Thinkpositive #goodnews #optimism #goodmorning #thinkpositive #goodnews #optimism #goodmorning
His friend was sexy as hell 💁
Nice, Butt Stallion just chilling in the background
@UNHumanRights @UNDP_Pakistan wat an irony? #Pakistan lecturing the world on curbing  #pakistan
Or maybe he does, and that’s why he scared of people thinking that; he’s afraid of people finding them out.
> and the top 20% of wealthiest [NAME] own 92% of stock Well, I hope they had a wonderful December, then.
You’re right, this is absolutely terrible
DON'T TELL ME HOW TO LIVE MY LIFE.
I lurched to my feet and began walking across the street with a painful measured stride, not daring to look behind me.
Oh my god... i JUST realized this!!! AHHHH this makes me SICK.
I would of gone to the doctor way before that
@residentadvisor thanks for getting back to me, exemplary customer service for a loyal customer #jk #awful #residentadvisor #poorservice #jk #awful #residentadvisor #poorservice
I'm still insisting he is not her dad...
Ironically it’s [NAME] and his family that are the whiny crybabies in this case based on your criteria
Woke up feeling fresh with a clear mind. That's never happened before.\n#morning #sober #sober
@JordySloan love that Jordy #revenge ⚽️ #revenge
Because a thought can qualify as racist without intention of effect in the same way that a thought can be transphobic without intention or effect.
Just got a gift via this cool virtual assistant @TryEvaBot. Wanna experience? Let me know, I can send you a gift🎁  #magical #delightful 😊 #magical #delightful
In all honesty my dude, just gotta work on getting to bed earlier during that downtime.
@RGUpdate Have you tried English hospital food ?? #yak #gross  #yak #gross
Cool as hell
>Hell, before we lived together we once went 19 months without sex Sounds like you should have addressed these issues a long time ago.
Always and I appreciate your opinion good sir
> He's finished. What does 'finished' mean specifically here? I think most of the previous times I've heard this phrase it's been sarcastic.
I'm going to start this weekend! thanks for the tips.
60% im super ded
[NAME] is not our biggest need. [NAME] would be a waste for us. [NAME] is a maybe to me, but [NAME] could be beastly.
Huskies are better than Malamutes fight me [NAME]
Was it? I thought it was someone from last season. Maybe I am just remembering wrong. I’ll have to watch her again!
Over in r/texas we are coming up with slogans to ecourage people to switch to renewable.
we're all in the same struggle except for those few traitors that dared to go out and actually get into a relationship
It's a seemingly a pretty heavy duty trailer but definitely putting some stress on bearing assembly slamming a log into it sideways like that.
I certainly didn't.
Someone got carried away with the mii maker
In many states and numerous nations a 16 yo can legally consent.
He is like a bad cartoon that’s hard to turn off.
You fool you're using logic on a show that is clearly not bound by any
Imagining ten generations alive at the same time *is* a terrifying concept.
Please get them into it. Toronto needs a better barn
I hate when that happens.
It's almost like people live in this bubble where there are only magatards and hillshills. No inbetween. Only hyperpolarization.
>!This really crushed my soul!<
Easily one of the Top 5 Best Interviews ever
I feel like if [NAME] is that bad you bring in a traffic cone before [NAME]
You're lecturing other people and you can't even spell "Dwig***H***t".
Damnit - I'm blind. It's 6am here - I should really go to sleep, but I want to see what happens next.
It's easier to have a discussion with a four year old. Four year olds actually want to learn new things.
I'm not sure the game is balanced with always having access to healing or bouncing from lane. Much harder to wear down a hero.
Not evenly proportional, and not what I said. I'm talking just overall shape for proportion. I like a mom belly.... They're pretty sexy.
I prefer console and most of my friends play cod. I still enjoy gbs every year
Like at the time, he wasn't one of the best defenders in the league. But grew into one.
I dunno. I like her.
By that logic the NDP need to stop existing to prevent the Liberals from going to the left.
Doesn't look intentional though.
I can totally see it. I’d be very interested to see them interact.
Oh jeez, just took back my upvote I gave this photo. Thanks for telling us, that's extremely messed up
dang... that's just crazy.
So you can walk right?
optic & losing to aches at champs
@_ruthharvey_ happy bday Ruth, hope you have an amazing day 💘💘x
You know damn well it is.
The supporters under his comment are outrageous — expose them, so we can avoid them in real life.
The old bear
Are they jealous that they are playing a better sport.
where is this link on the sidebar? I can't seem to find it for a reason. I only see "rules" and "moderators".
Oh hell yeah
Two year old account with all posts deleted. This is an interesting way to use a shill account.
You win one internet!
Imagine that when you breath in, your lungs feel crispy, that’s what -10 feels like
Nope. I'd rather they fix their servers instead.
Geez those heroes..
How many shitposts does it take to make me unsub
He got It from his moma
PASTOR - 15 FEET away from shooting victim during protest says he is skeptical of official story.  #CharlotteProtest #CharlotteRiot #charlotteprotest #charlotteriot
Thanks, so that's not what I need then.
>We must invade Brazil to protect the Amazon rainforest from the fascist [NAME] Retards on r/worldnews
Yeah, that changes everything.
[NAME] is going to love her!
Ugh I want to punch a wall every time I have to use @windows 10. Literally the worst product ever made #windows10 #awful #killme #windows10 #awful #killme
Lmao that [NAME] damn nic cage pillow
No. You have to have killed her due to negligence or the like. Manslaughter is essentially the crime of accidentally killing someone because you did something careless.
Turkey bacon is some worst processed food. Enjoy
When you can see the redzone interception coming 5 seconds before it was thrown.
tl; dr you can just bore them to death.
Hey, I made it in the screenshot!
@OstinOng YUUUHH 🙄😭 plus clin ep and prevmed ugghhh hahaha
> it should be clear to an decent and mentally apt person which side is obviously the worst That's a rather centrist opinion you hold there buddy /s
Suddenly went 6 to midnight TBH
And you'll have just married psycho ex.
Epiploic Appendagitis. Although it’s almost certain that you’ll have to affirm that you aren’t talking about appendicitis.
Does anyone know what the Free Slot might be used for? It confuses me a bit
Wow. So I figure you two are both at least considerably older than me (24) and ...wow his response
This is not a comedy subreddit. It is a subreddit about the unexpected.
he did alledge collusion on the part of the owners and GMs against the players. this guy colludes.
What country are you in? That makes a big difference for context of advice.
@StarFlowerz17 @DreamerAbe #bitter. Nicole and Cory is why she was evicted. #bitter
Sure, it’s just ironic for a National PM to see it as a crowning achievement on leaving politics.
no, thanks for asking
Because people that comment on YouTube videos are toxic, filthy heathens.
I dont think [NAME] or [NAME] said a word during this exchange. Like umm, yeah we actually love our wives and want to be with them.
I am sorry little one
Good [NAME], you are right.
It expresses what I feel in my soul, what I hear in my head, and what I see when I shut my eyes in silence.
As was doctors learning that they needed to wash their hands, period.
Yeah I was super surprised by how good Trench was, probably my top album from last year
Hyperthyroidism? Best get into a GP and get bloodwork done because many of these symptoms cannot be explained by mental illness.
If you ain't shaking no ass, don't ask me for my liquor. Rule #1.. #1
I have to go with [NAME]. Rookie who lived up to the hype and I actually got excited when he got snaps.
Wooah :o Didn't know [NAME] had a son xD
They are dumb 43 / 37 year olds.
The best timeline
This comment completly proves the opinion of the OP right lmao. I’m so sorry America doesn’t meet your standards oh mighty reddit commentor
They never seem to think this when the police arrive, with their guns, to end a terrible situation.
@JustinRow10 dude the new madden 17? Haha
Not sure why you are getting downvoted for this comment. I really dislikes the Facebook type posts on this sub.
No problem! I've been chillin in capture the flag for couple of days now and she is super strong and fun in this mode.
Was [NAME] ranking revealed today? had him in the 90’s IIRC.
Knife Fight used to be an awesome cooking comp show
Hahaha thanks for sharing that is simply amazing. You probably gave the buyer a good laugh too.
At least I know that "Harvestmen" is still "Harvestmen' in Spanish
That’s ridiculous. I’ll read it, thanks.
Just heard what happen at grandad hometown last night such a terrible news 💔, hope everyone okay 😢
I don’t think Zhang Ziyi has great acting talent, but her looks definitely give her an advantage.
Oh shit. Is back?! Time to import
if he ended up with that chef, damn that will break my heart for sure.
Rural MO. The nearest Whole Foods is an hour away. I can't imagine too many [NAME] could handle the distance.
They are both good in their own way. But the us is funnier lol
It’s okay, my mom has always hated me and I’m fine.
were you bored or board?
With no public trust left, people can only hoard. So many “rumors” have turned true. Folks aren’t ignorant — they’re scared. After all, we really couldn’t buy cold or fever meds for a while.
How does this have the Braves at .450? Nothing about this makes sense.
Now [NAME] breaking stories for us!?!
I really like this play on words.
They didn’t take it; you abandoned it. A TSA agent clarified that for me once. I hope you can replace it easily.
Me too! And he was so happy to get that out of her back, he seems like he really cares.
Oh now I get what you mean😂😂
His Fairy Godparents are just a hallucination created by his mind as a coping mechanism to deal with the hostile world around him.
Debs a bitch
my mom caught be masturbating to dominatrix porn (i was bored of vanilla shit) LOL But porn addiction is bad because it can stop you from approaching women etc
Long Furbies are beautiful
Seriously. The only thing that gave it away was no spelling errors.
@stephtikkanen oh so true, so true. #shudder #shudder
It would probably be horrifying if we tried, when a bug causes an integer overflow and resets our aggression levels.
Is that going up? It seems like back in the 90's it was 16-17.
@lala Loving your book 'The Power Play'-It is a serious game changer. If nothing else, my dreaming big will land me amongst the stars. 🌠
People working in hospitals are seriously under appreciated.
So Rangers v Celtic ll #revenge #revenge
For me, it's tedious and frustrating enough to do it the first time, but I'm glad you enjoy it
Did you look at the picture that spurred this entire conversation, genius?
It's a careful boundary between them seeing you as "one of those parents" and taking you seriously.
This is giving me so much life.
This is why I came to the comments section
You could have over a hundred million followers and still not a genuine person who understands you or wants to #cantshakethis #sadness #cantshakethis #sadness
If you’re going to be willfully ignorant, we have nothing to discuss. Good luck clinging desperately to these antiquated ideas.
As a white man on the internet I'm outraged... because I had to laugh and laughing hurts right now : (
Rojo is just terrible, how is he in our team 😂😂
[NAME], you're annoying. Did [NAME] steal your girl or what? Everytime someone mentions [NAME] on this subreddit, you appear to trash talk him.
If this is the kind of game you enjoy, you should REALLY check out Blades in the Dark!
I delight
Because it was a cool video it was sweet, and because it was a fash it was bitter. Simple as that.
Yes that was abuse.
i feel like this isn't being talked about enough.
The sad thing is, relatively speaking these are actually pretty good living conditions. Check out Harris Ranch.
> (pun not intended) Yeah, you keep telling yourself that 😉
This is a good map though.... Just needs some minor QOL tweaks.
Smoking a pipe whilst laying some pipe. Fantastic.
I only recently learned that! I took a class on human sexuality and we actually had an entire lecture on pedophiles.
Sorry for the stupid question but what's the Overton window? Still new to politics/jargon.
That's super weird.
Holy heck I'm so happy for you! That shit is an expense no one needs to worry about, and nor you don't! :D
I hope Thier friends now
That’s not the vaccines fault champ.....
I'm curious to know, why did you behave like that when you were young?
Thanks [NAME], very cool.
hehe cheeky little guy
I'm not sure I would be happy to live in hk for 5 years lmbo
As a person that regularly down votes people that repost front age gifs, I will award you an upvote because this makes me laugh every time.
Ahhhhhhh. The fine talent and craftsmanship of CNN
World is facing #terrorism. Where #Terrorist's school exist? Who are terrorist's teacher &amp; father. Which is terrorist's motherland? #terrorism #terrorist
She had it saved on her phone because she was too lazy to delete it. Thank goodness.
30 people is big for you...? Dang im middle eastern and it's over 500 guests each time..
You're never too young to have a Vietnam flashback
[NAME] and [NAME] aren't cousins in this timeline, I believe. Just best friends.
@ditzkoff @jpodhoretz There’s not a metaphor in the world that will get at the hilarity of jpod pronouncing on humor.
This march is spreading complete lies then as there are no rights a man has that a women doesn’t.
I’m so sorry for your loss. It’s the smallest things that take up the biggest part of our hearts.
It's an underrated drama which just got snubbed on [NAME]
I never said anything about the river. St Paul's is the most prominent adjacent landmark to me.
I have a feeling you're one of those far rightist trump supporters trying to use [NAME]. Your uncaring, almost sociopathic idealogies make me sick.
“Can’t enforce”? I recall news of railway staff arguing with a Chinese passenger who refused to wear a mask.
Still pretty alarming. Thanks for these.
thanks! yours inspired my to post mine lol
Dude, I'm happy for you. Keep going, you're doing great!
i follow her owners on ig and she actually gets around really really well! its cool to watch really
Yes!!!!
i like playing as a good guy' **Lassoes someone and feeds them to some crocodiles for insulting my fashion sense.**
When I was in high school, a girl told me I looked like [NAME] from The Little Mermaid. *Ouch*
@aGirlHasNo_Name @MdlMurray shot by black police woman Typical looney toon thinking. #Hillary #divide  #chaos #hillary #divide #chaos
What a complete and utter cunt.
That's a cute kitty :3
Nah I didn’t get scammed but my money is sitting in the Dream Market escrow doohickey. Whatever that means! Haha!
James: no 500k, no 50k, no 25k, no 10k. You fucked up. #bb18  #shouldofVotedforNicole #bb18 #shouldofvotedfornicole
The entire summer is going to pass by with a blink of my eye because I've got so much going on!
Security camera on the floor? Nah.
Ugh I never thought I'd be someone that gets jealous about shoes, which ones did you get?
@TedLeitner @jesseagler You two are TEN TIMES more interesting than those particular afternoon goofballs (I could say worse). #umbrage #umbrage
Wow full-screen twitch on mobile is cancer.
Sorry thought you were the other guy that said it was a privilege.
Adapt or die.
Shutdown. Singular.
Yes.... because they are dictatorships.... capitalist america is ending bad too if you pay attention.
I'm going to look so handsome for you, [NAME].
The banana speaks! Do you just type one to three words in your comments or do you get an integer overflow if you go for four?
Afraid not. I was just given a different perspective.
Glad you found it!
If they declare it, its not a bribe its a political donation... In theory.
There's much to see in this world full of glee.
Wait, isn't everyone nervous or scared the first time they hold a newborn?
😂😂👸👸👏🙌👏🙌❤❤❤💥💥👑👑💎💎💯💯♀️♀️♀️ Now that's emoji game on point.
“I wish there was a way to know you're in the good old days before you've actually left them.”
for me it was def the egg yolk. i’m pouting as i reluctantly eat it.
Lol, thank you for my first upvote and for contacting the mods.
And why do you have low self esteem?
Is that how it actually works?
Got home from helping my friend move and turned it on literally just in time to see [NAME] score. Let's go Knights!
Some people have more/less empathy than others. If you're incapable of feeling what others are feeling you're going to be a selfish person.
Walkerton for anyone who is curious about the actual real deaths under "chainsaw" [NAME]
Thats....that's pretty normal...prolly somewhere in the ballpark of 280miles...If you dont have a fuel efficient car its not hard to do.
Unfortunately for us it’s not too early. But if you want way too early 2020 draft discussion I’m really high on [NAME] from Wisconsin
angry already
Bro he has always been a bully in the community. He is a pseudo scientist.
Yes! I love their responses to anyone who comments. So much shade.
Can I get an F for being stuck at college? Thanks.
You don’t need Radom sex, you will find a man who will give you what you need. Love,respect,and well.. you know..
Take your pick bro.
Yea but then he did the boop so it's fine
You are so right. Reddit response of reading only the first few words. It's been a long damn week. My apologies.
Oh wow I didn’t realize that
@shopgreenwich #ldf16 what shall we do this weekend?  #spraypainting in #greenwichmarket with @SNUB23 #core246 #lilylou #fret &amp; #benoakley #ldf16 #spraypainting #greenwichmarket #core246 #lilylou #fret #benoakley
The level of denial the top boys reached was astonishing.
im surprised you didnt try to go over her head to the owner or did he just not care about what the new GM was doing?
>just something motor**sport** fans tell themselves to avoid admitting it’s not really a **sport**. Errr.
Lets not forget that the Bay Area is the epicenter of the tech boom/revolution, and that will continue to be the case for the foreseeable future.
I don't think you can afford a lawyer. If fact, I would not be surprised to learn you don't actually have anything on QCX.
Police got called, guy gets taken away.
Yeah, the Wall is a non-starter. It's bigotry. You don't spend 25 billion on bigotry.
I think that's what I'm going with. Thanks guys! u/krazyM
@DPD_UK I asked for my parcel to be delivered to a pick up store not my address #fuming #poorcustomerservice #fuming #poorcustomerservice
I liked the Celtics until I started following barstool.
Ugh, [NAME]. Gross.
She’s clearly hanging at least part way into the space. She’s so dumb
Yo this is actually awesome storytelling and also if I were you I would have clocked [NAME] into next week. Just sayin.
Awesome. Never get sick of hearing stories like that
people have built such a stigma around it that it's what comes to mind first instead of positive thoughts.
Who's cutting onions?!
@veggiesausage that happens...u will be ok tomorrow cheer it up..Don't give up no no no😝😝😝
Well poops. My friend and I want to wander and look for such things but we can't. Boo!
Unreal Engine is terrible for MMOs, yet devs keep using it.
I can't even be mad that you scored a goal with your face.
Ok shady flags are flapping so hard I was knocked out of my chair.
Go with her, eat healthy food with her too. It may help
You asked if I verified. You set the goal post, not me.
Mine is great at deflating them!!..wait wrong team..
what's wrong with animal crossing :(
Damn, I didn't know that you used to mod there.
Oh noooo. I once accidentally rubbed my eye after handling habaneros. It's the worst.
And will gore you bad if you don't drop them first.
Stop tracking back you fucking potato faced cunt errrr infuriating 😠😠😠😠😠 #angry #Rooney #mufc #angry #rooney #mufc
That's unfortunate but can't blame that lawyer for doing his job.
It could have been slaughter, but he turned his wheel.
What? I am aware it isn't permanent. The other legals aren't permanent either.
He already sucks. Let’s just nerf him some more.
Fun fact: Chá qīng 查清 (pronoinced cha ching) is chinese for checkout.
While I agree, that doesn't necessarily means we should take those 3 in the first 3 rounds. It really depends on the players available.
Eh, I'm not a fan of the grayscale. Looks too Kingsish.
I do this too! I love that giving a genuine compliment is easy and can make someone's day :)
Yea, and trading away young players does not make us better.
Horseshoe effect going on with FBPE and the no deal brexiteers, basically if you're soft remainer or brexiteers they hate you. The irony ha
This... I don't think this is Ohio...
Nah, they're a fraction as immature and petulant as the politician we can't ignore that actually affects our lives.
I don’t even like basketball that much. Chill out man
So going to local news immediately after #DesignatedSurvivor turns out to be a smooth transition. 'Chaos! A raging fire!...' #media #fear #designatedsurvivor #media #fear
Ahh yeah I've been there didn't know it had a name. Thanks dude.
What do you hate about yourself? Here are my guesses. I need to know so I can waste your time and also make you self conscious.
I'm jealous. Wish I was in fl on my porch.
You are a unique woman. Happy for you that you found someone who suits you so well.
I could see that nobody wants to be called ignorant. I also learned about the fallacy from [NAME].
@wahrbear @marinarchy @diam0ndsapph1re There is some hilarity in someone who is literally openly anti-science calling others anti-science.
I love Crimson Skies.... That's a completely fucked thing to do.
a lost art
You’ve seen the world.. choose your regrets
Cap locks are nothing to be ashamed of. *You're probably upsetting your mother by letting your chicken tendies get cold*
Is [NAME] dating the woman she lives with? Not my business but enquiring minds want to know
they already ruined their own lives by having an affair. the other spouse knowing is just a consequence of their selfish actions.
Head is cold because lack of volume blood flow up there.... (I have a beard!)
There is no such thing as "objectively wrong", so, no, it's not.
I’m actually feeling these commercials. Especially the young dancer dude haha. This is how you advertise to your demographic!
@bruins_514 @gorddownie @thehipdotcom It would be #TragicallyHip if they can #help @TOYSFORASMILE make #hospitalized  #sick #kids #smile 😊✌❤ #tragicallyhip #help #hospitalized #sick #kids #smile
Comes from [NAME]. I love the seduction community.
You could feel all his life flowing into your body
Yeah, I'm like I'll get on and play some Magic Arena, but every time I'm like this game is terrible AF.
I've been playing for years and it's still a bitch for me to lay off balls.
Translation: "I don't think restaurant employees should be allowed to express frustration under any circumstances."
Last time I saw was loooong ago. Basically before LN announced they went for probabilistic routing.
Before.revolution can happen in the streets it first has to happen in their minds - Stuck Mojo
Yeah, that will reduce the number of kids taking pills - make enjoying a drink at a festival even more difficult!
140k CAN dollar worth NOT 140K BTC. Sorry I did not understood your original question
Stay safe, you will find someone one day.
That guy face was soul crushing
your joke sucks
Frankly, I'm continuously shocked that more than 35% of the population actually think he's doing a good job.
I punch them in the throat before they get the chance to speak.
Not look much beautiful.
My point is that they give him shit for legitimate reasons.
That's not correct. The "Dallas-Fort Worth, TX-OK Combined Statistical Area" includes Durant, as it does Athens.
Trolls are okay in this sub but let's be more serious here
Everyone else's obsession sounds useful... I get obsessed with certain actors.
I'll never understand how people make so many typos in posts that are meant to convey a serious, thoughtful message.
I somehow doubt that.
wanna always be the reason behind her happiness and i'll always keep her smiling no matter what happens♒💜.
Omg sorry I just laughed out loud and also died inside for you.
That’s a wonderful meaningless word salad
Jeez, I was joking
But if we go to the FCS right now, and never play y'all at the cotton bowl again, we keep the hat.
please, help me keep the smiles on my face even though this is too much for me to handle and bare, I know my heart trust you... so much.
Taxation is not an aspect of socialism
i would agree with that. i still dont see a good reason not to provide daycare though.
You’re a genius.
if your paraphilia is public facing at any point in your life I think it's reasonable to assert that there's something wrong
These past few days, I’ve been bedridden due to illness and hardly checked my phone. When I woke up, I learned that Guangzhou had lifted lockdowns, then saw an article about a 100-year-old recovering, so I shared it on Weibo for everyone. Just now, I went to the bathroom to shave my beard—it’s been growing since the Haizhu lockdown began, and it’s finally time to shave it off.
What's the difference between "Stop Zionist Gentrifiers" and "[RELIGION] Will Not Replace Us"?
Was at wreck beach yesterday a guy was masturbating around kids family etc just sitting next to a log...
Yes YES #YES #yes
LSD or the fungal kind? Out of curiosity
@MarianKeyes maybe he had constipation issues..? Not that I KNOW dates relieve such an affliction! No way jose!
Maybe it's not over for you. Is there a gym for social awkwardness?
Fight milk 🥛 lol
I feel ya.
Its the easiest subject in the whole school, they teach us stuff we should’ve learned when we were 11, it’s so bad...
No that's called your sister is the milk man's/s
Yeah I would have loved it if those things actually contributed something to the gameplay
Hope [NAME] is watching this but he's probably too busy snorting some lines
I question that he doesnt think they are a possible answer, we have interviewed guys with much more questionable credentials
You sound like a great Dad and husband to me. Hang in there.
Reading some of the stories on this sub make me appreciate my family more.
re: thread of that brit freaking out over minor cultural differences - your indignation would be cuter without the imperialist undertones
I eat crayons I shit crayons
Yeah man, gotta suck it up and be a man. /s
Late night #thoughts. Feeling #restless. #thoughts #restless
We've been linking that dodgy-as-hell Ukrainian site for years, so go nuts.
I am also a doctor and his legs are in fact discolored. But seriously dude go to the doctor.
Needless to say she was extremely unhappy.
Not sure....but there's a cream for that.
I will always have faith in [NAME], he can be a factor even if his shot is not falling.
Okay that was funny lol
Does anyone know how much that would be in (£) pounds.
> Killing an intruder in your home in self defense is now a really bad thing. That was not even under discussion.
The irony here is i agree, but [NAME] is capable of doing it in a bad tank meta. That guy really needs a look at, lol.
Ugh Morons stop breeding
Worrying what other people think is what collectivists have brainwashed you to think and feel. You are just a coward making excuses for your cowardice.
How can someone be so stupid to post that online, let alone publicly do that
Well I got checked at the last Toulon game haha, so not the case.
He is probably taking it slow to change thinks. I just hope that he is not an actual fan of [NAME] system. That would be a disaster
Should've left it at this.
Poor poor poor bastard
I hope this season [NAME] wins everything:
Her brows are always off kilter and it drives me mad!
Hey cool! I'm a cow. I love milk. Drink a litre a day at least. Love me some moo juice.
I'm sorry but data and facts are more important than the emotional experience of having lived through something.
Nooooooooo I was a student staff member at the WCC and this makes me so sad and angryyyyy
YES please! I would love to see this map back in game! So many good memories
This feeling is so bad
I would agree, but at the same time if it pisses off [NAME] supporters enough to keep them home in 2020, I'm all for it.
Leave it. You should never date someone with a scheduled time you are going to break up with them.
I wanna die I don't wanna live anymore I really wanna die so bad Please return me to the dark abyss I long for death’s sweet kiss
Always funny how one's income has to pay for others expensive lifestyles ;)
Lucky, when I did it my nickname ended up being [NAME]
A week after my grandmother's funeral I had another strange dream.
And fake papers are probably dwarfed by genuine but bad papers. So what?
Man I just hope for a good ole fashion W
For the love of all that is good and holy, please find competent broadcasters NBCSN.
Thank you for your service
That was actually Chicago. Cute as hell though
Omg saucepan what a daring and unconventional look!!!11
Boys Dm me pictures of your cocks! The best one will get uploaded! ☺️💦💦 #Cumtribute #dm  #snapchat #snapme #nudes #dickpic #cocktribute #cumtribute #dm #snapchat #snapme #nudes #dickpic #cocktribute
#RiceFODays now I am Alex Butler's class on financial management. Starts off with a great, relevant class discussion: movies and sunk costs #ricefodays
This is a great troll. I feel bad for anyone who thinks this is serious.
Thank you! :O
Smh people aren’t seeing the real issue though. That’s the woman’s bathroom. ‍♂️
He was young and he thought he was doing the right thing. No need to be rude about it.
@JonnyDunn93 and Gerrard was awful then
YES CIZ so glad I saw this here, really well done, there is no end to your creativity.
I agree it seemed very odd the whole live stream...
How long do we have to wait? I might need rehab.
And this is why this sub is the way it is.
Don’t be clinically depressed, go outside! Be happy! 😊
Well I just can’t unsee that ..... chocolate anyone?
That’s a great idea! Thank you :)
And thus begins my 2 week holiday! 😏😏\n#holiday #cheering #ghastinoir #rest #cheering #ghastinoir #rest
He should just give it to you right?
If you wanna be my lover, You gotta get with my fat, Make it last forever, Inconvinience never ends.
Me too, and not just for the eyeball forks.
Happiness is a choice life isn't about pleasing everybody #ALDUB62ndWeeksary #aldub62ndweeksary
Lets not meet with a panther. I seriously love this subreddit.
She can take her boring, drunk husband with her. He's not interesting at all.
Despite how selfish that seems, I respect the honesty.
I mean, struggle enough, the ropes will become loose. You'll live, go to the police, and get in some kind of protection.
I fully support your view — letting the virus spread isn’t right. “Malicious” means ignoring prevention rules and returning recklessly — of course they should quarantine.
That's interesting. As an orthodox [NAME], I woulda either kept using the offending term or avoided the name altogether as you suggest.
I know, pain in the asses.
Congratulations!! How are you feeling/doing these days?
Right, I never said it wasn't. There's been a lot of unjust laws. I was just curious if you actually agreed with that.
@mcdermo11 @rogerc32 u gave Laura so much constructive criticism she blocked u 'Lazy Give Up Now No Hope Retire' same with Heather #bully #bully
Happy Birthday!!
Nothing about that looks comfortable
Easy money, thank you [NAME]
Happy to hear that :). Where are you from btw?
Huhhhh wat the hell.. looks good
Hey at least we’re still 5th after losing 2 straight.
[NAME] gonna miss the game tonight because I’ll be traveling to Phoenix. Give me another blowout win like the ones last week.
You’re absolutely correct
Thanks for sharing this with me btw. I shared the video with [NAME] and it was a hit
<3 [NAME]. You were too good for this world.
A one-line whip is still whipping against, although it is a pretty disappointing decision.
In such a polarized time, we can all recognize each other's common humanity in the fact that no one likes [NAME] best.
will do, thanks for the heads up!
I was so hopeful...
Oh dear [NAME]!
Suspend salaries... Grassroots civil servants aren’t officials, let alone rich. If their pay stops, they’ll stop working — or working becomes pointless.
This junk is entertainment to most of you, but I just can't take anymore.
Agreed 100%, Governor [NAME] will have some say in this, they broke Wisconsin law, plain and simple !
That's true. It's on you if you want to practice respect and kindness for its own sake.
in love with @BarberCeleste  insta!!!...
The comment thread is a hot mess and wouldnt be out of place in 2016. How do things not change....
I LOVE THE HIGHS TOO. At least I know tomorrow I will hate them. Is the good worth the bad? Sometimes...
@Cinestrong something a cyber bully would say
Yeah, try to buy a relationship, good idea...
I think this is what inspired [NAME]
Hey! I was hoping to get as close to face value as possible.
Yeah that’s what I heard on Univision deportes earlier. I hope he chooses Ajax rather than real Betis
PC! Utah>Colorado
Stranger than fiction. Can't even begin to comprehend what that poor [NAME] was going through.
Oh... I'm sorry. You holding up okay?
I think you’d the one who’s a stranger to these here parts, *pardner*.
Everyone upvote this - gotta spread the good news!!!
Hey. As long as the person I help is better off than when I first saw them, I’m happy.
My [NAME] He is a BEAST. Every possession he makes someone his bitch. Are there any injury concerns past the injury he got before he left the team?
It's definitely alive. Not sure it's doing quite so well...for 99% of people anyway.
@Jen_Lee @mostlymartha @edotwoods we just found thin mints in a freezer clean. i couldn't be more elated.
Losing to get draft picks doesn’t work as well as you think. A lot more goes into winning than getting a top 5 pick
I miss it but it was op
Yes. And I wish people weren't so afraid to say it as many times as necessary.
I stopped a couple times to stretch out my calves and quads.
Which subcommittee?
Lots of vested interests coming up with money as well as type investor donations.
Oh good. It's nice to see confirmation that you're actually trolling, because no one is that stupid
Logging is pretty dangerous.
Oh haha I’m from liberal MA and started having sex younger. I come from a sex positive environment.
Props to your dad, you dodged a big bullet there
My girl [NAME]. Love that our names are the same bless
Then you should feel right at home!
How many times has this ‘football fan’ committed these crimes now. Someone should lock him up.
He was aggrieved that people didn’t recognize him and recognized steroid users instead.
Wow! That's awesome! Congratulations! Its wonderful to have hope of being off medications one day.
Great game, great soundtrack. He was like 19 or 20 when he did that too.
Look, its a great study, but youve said "Women arent as disadvantaged" on the internet. Rip your karma.
too damn often!! and i’m cute as hell! i’m mad!!
[NAME] from Always Sunny is literally the best comparison for this dude. He looked a LOT like him and behaved the same way.
Feminism Is For Everybody and The Will To Change: Men, Masculinity and Love by bell hooks could be of interest to you both.
As much as I want to blame the gov for intentionally killing off vets, Im just going to go with laziness and stupidity.
radical would be good. Poverty has to be erased before society is allowed to maximize individual wealth as it is doing now.
If community cases are low, this method works — that’s how Jiangsu, Zhejiang, and Shanghai do it. The key is strict venue codes: strict rules mean faster tracing. Before, Shanghai’s codes were optional; now staff stand at doors to ensure scanning.
Somebody please make sure Catman doesn’t freeze to death? Thanks
Fuck if I only could have those a single family home prices back :( maybe I wouldn’t be living in my RV
[NAME] damn it
@ChrisChristie You have no Police credentials-You were a litigator. Nothing more-No Experience.#Sad #TrumpPuppet #Felon #bully #jersey4sale #sad #trumppuppet #felon #bully #jersey4sale
I want to know what goes through someone's mind when they do this.
I don't feel alive anymore. I don't feel anything. I'm just numb all over. All I know is I want it to stop
Guys a complete troll who has no idea about cancer or the physical pain it can cause. Move on and don’t give the cunt the satisfaction.
Mammatus clouds! Somewhat unusual for Sydney
MR. STEAL YO' GIRL!
Hey, take that grade with all the pride you can muster--no shame in being happy for an accomplishment! Congratulations!!
I've always had a weird grudge against stingrays ever since one killed Steve Irwin.
Native deciduous tree species or gtfo!
In Shenqiu, Zhoukou, Henan, even low-risk returnees are locked in and sealed for 14 days. Asking a question gets you detained for “not cooperating.” Return with a green code and a star? They say you must pay for 14-day centralized quarantine.
I was jumping the same gun but decided to do some googling just in case. Glad I did :)
revenge
thank you! This is what I thought she said as well
went to Pet Supplies Plus tonight but @neitzkeamara was not working I feel #lost and #confused #lost #confused
I just want to know what the experience of meeting himself was like.
Yes, this! You are too young to wasting your time with this.
In the prequels the son couldn't save the mother. Maybe things will be different this time...
@blackeyed_susie They ain't going away, and I don't want to see them hurt; changing hearts/minds is really our only option, no? #optimism #optimism
Of course I have. It’s nothing, absolutely nothing like this. Its just a few much bigger pieces that break apart now.
I have 1000 rabid grizzly bears I'm going to scatter in neighborhoods all over America.\n\nThey're poor refugees!\n\n#InYourNeighborhoodNotDC
Well good for you man. Enjoy :)
@virginmedia shocking service for your call centre staff this evening. Transfer me and cut me off after waiting forever to speak to someone.
[NAME] black?
As much as I love the dodgers, I can’t see them in the World Series 3 times in a row... so yeah, backwards.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **6th Cakeday** ThaJarseff! ^(hug)
They were coal black.
I just wanna say, I appreciate you making it into a gif. I wouldn't have watched the video. So thank you.
Oooff I really hope this doesn't happen 😰😨😰
here for me scenes of [NAME] being dragged by her children
...and?
Sure. Let's wait and see how much impact they have.
You're the best !
No fuck that guy. I'm actually relived he was shot. Sounds like a sack of human garbage
You didn't say they were racist channels
Yeah, there are a lot of things this sub hates.
The bot did its job. It’s me the awful one
Me: I dont like [NAME] My Mom: sHeS aMeRiCaS fAvOrItE lEsBiAn!11!!!!
I don’t like [NAME] all that much, but that dude seems cool. I hope it hits a goofy dark line like [NAME] or [NAME] tho.
Well I am happy you believe that.
Go on a group vacation!! Or a concert weekend that’d be fun!
Seriously. I had 2 jobs and was in college. I sleep more now!
so hard, till my eyes burned.
Yes, amazing price! Everyone I told was completely shocked!
She said on the VR Aftershow that she had hooked up with girls and had a relationship with a girl before.
Hey, nice to be here 😏
What the fuck. Got that song on repeat right now
[NAME] so good. What a gem.
PM me if you need more info. Good luck! Its tough haha
All good man haha
Fuck yeah! Bring on 2019
I would also like to know the answer to this. Thanks for posting!
SC6 has a colourful cast and is actually very easy to get into. So yeah man, go for it.
My Ping Pong Queen looks so happy! I cried lol
I never really thought of myself as an ex-[RELIGION] until recently, so many no.
[NAME] still the best dev tho. Nice nonsense comparison btw.
Another episode of idiots with guns
If only there was an option for a gif-like format that allowed audio to be played alongside the video... I guess the technology just isn't there yet
I like His And Hers Poker Podcast
not funny enough for that
Sorry, "semi". Happy?
Good time to reach out to the wife with this screenshot and ask her to please stop...
I'm not used to pretty girls that use curse words to express their anger. I just feel like I'm a little bit surprised and turned off as well
I hope [NAME] bullies wittle baby [NAME] tonight, like he did last year!
TIL cheddar cheese didn't originate in the U.S. Thank you!
Arms back, chin down.
But did you see my friend sent me a picture of [NAME] trying to tell me he's having a baby
Isn't this the game that is PS4 as well?
It looks like it may be some type of munchkin cat since it has short legs
Hmm ok, ya this is pretty aweso...uhhhh nvm.
Boy I hope someone got fired for that blunder. (honestly I thought of messing up this quote just to screw with you too)
No email. Besides Instacart emails go to my junk email so I probably would have missed it anyways
I only have to wave a fiery cross and we will f**kin' do this!
I wonder if this will ever appear on BotW. Since it's so straightforward there probably isn't much to talk about.
Holy fuck [NAME]!
Celtic sure know how to send a wild shiver down your spine
Alas, I still can't go swimming because my hands can't be wet for a while without being stupid But I can wade?
My siblings look all gangster &amp; I look all cheery 😅😂
In the post fight presser [NAME] was making fun of it and asking how long it’s going to be around
I just wanted to say how honorable you are, r/niceguys
Everyone around Liu Xin should beware — she keeps breaking the limits of normal understanding, a true example of twisted values.
It's not better or worse, just different.
[NAME] screaming that to [NAME] was so funny to me
How dare you put x on the same level as [NAME] and [NAME] [NAME] that's disgusting
Thank you. Hugs to you too
The labor of love is not cheap or inexpensive, it's the time spent earning it. #lackadaisical #dreamer #lackadaisical #dreamer
I’m sorry you are feeling so down friend, that is really difficult. I hope find a way to feel better.. maybe go to emergency care...
I like having roads, schools, and drinkable water? You confuse a man for a paranoid.
They're off thinking about ways they can avoid topics and deflect more, since they seem so good at that lately.
I wonder if we need to find a way, as a people, to not be so dependent on the government.
In a car crash.
Remember, we still have freakin' Alaska
Does Instagram and Facebook have these nested ads/ articles? I’m not on social media enough to notice. Well Reddit, but I never see ads.
this actually made me LOL, thanks
That’s fun.
"Ahyuck, did ya see that Baseball/Football/Basketball game last night" <--- you, probably.
A [NAME] named [NAME] found these weird ads for am actual mobile game and then people start using it as a meme.
It was a nice one too! GO AHEAD [NAME], SLAP THAT HAM!
Love and Hope from a dictator [NAME]? [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] would have you think so.
Not OP, but this is a really great response and I'm saving it on my computer for a rainy day. Thank you.
Aw :(
No, the full video shows that the kids surrounded and berated the native elder man
.  @danawhite you're a crook. #joke #thief #bully #wanker #dirty #richbutgarbo #joke #thief #bully #wanker #dirty #richbutgarbo
Alcohol makes ur body go limp so u don’t get hurt.
You have to try really hard to get banned on this sub.
They all say that. Mine said all the same things too and then just days / a week later met and started dating someone.
Oof, thanks
Me too.. which left me conflicted about how to feel.
"There's always a bigger fuckup."
FINISH ON HER!! Seems way more appropriate for a sex doll
Notice how none of them have kids
Yeah, I don't blame you! Anything to keep a shred of sanity.
last nigt i dreamt \nthat somebody loved me\nno hope no harm\njust another false alarm
@BennyN_PR If you need any assistance with your concern so it can be resolved, feel free to email us with your info. ^AP
You’re fighting an opponent who wants to fight you too. There’s mutual respect right there. You’re not fighting [RELIGION].
I still defend the evening gown .. that purple and that wig were right
Then do it [NAME]. It's basketball. You can do whatever you want out there.
Why don’t people just call the cops and give them the video?
I went to the avenues once. I was murdered twice in one day and they stole my grandma's jewellery from her grave in Minnesota!
[NAME] was a great coach
If you are going to be a nurse, learn to be a nice patient person, Jesus 🙃
On that very day, we happened to attend the Seoul Book Fair and were lucky to meet you there.
Yeah I did think that was the case, thank you! So excited to see my new Capstan!
Ok this is phrased quite extremely, but respectively not many people watch lgbt stuff, like even the lgbt people watch more non lgbt stuff than lgbt stuff
What the hell was that
It would be pretty epic if [NAME], the artist that did the San Bernadino '17 poster, did the cover art for the new album...
No surprise there. It was always his policy to table it upon the deal's failure in Parliament as was set out at the Labour conference.
Seinfeld is one of the only pieces of culture that I feel like I could be competitive in a trivia league about.
Had a dream last night that Chris Brown created a diss track about Drake and Rihanna called 'I Hit It First' 😳😳 #dark #dark
I laughed so hard at this. 🤣
MAD JOKE!
i dont, whats that
Sounds like you know the answer, and at first she will resent you. But hopefully over time will realize what your doing.
As a woman who drives a Jeep, I am not getting another one.
I was fine with even shades of impossibly bright red, platinum blonde, midnight black colors, just not colors like teal, purple, blue, green.
I hope this doesn't means we won't get to see [NAME] as playable god.
Ugly truth is, if you didnt want to be stopped you wouldnt tell anyone. It will pass. Stay strong :)
What's the name of it? I googled Anker and there are several, but I want an included SD lol
anxiety level- 100
Realizing that thirty isn't old at all.
The real problem is the malicious prosecution engaged in by Monsanto against small farmers.
@Olajide_Shutti lmaoo. It will be a joyful day.
You know the bulks going well when you ate that much last night that breakfast is a struggle
Yeah, that was all you though. Goodnight and happy new year
Probably fake. In most situations Siri will tend to avoid words like penis and hope you're saying pianist
Ugh.. Why am I not asleep yet. Fml. I think low key I'm afraid I might miss something. #SleeplessNight #sleepy #restless #sleeplessnight #sleepy #restless
@SaikalyJihad @RimaNJEIM Best birthy day sexy Rima l'wish to you a happy life
The goodest human
Yeah their passes are crazy.
Yeah, you get worried sick, imagine them hey slaughtered by Coyotes AND realize it’s all your fault.
[NAME] alright dude
I just got the same thing from a piano class I took in 2014. They have sent it to me twice in the past hour.
I forgot context and thought you meant the band was republican, please don’t worry me like this again
Absolutely! The Republicans are craven
Happy to not only have the same birthday as him, but to also have a ball he threw into the stands after the middle of the 9th inning.
Intersectionality might seem strange at first, but it really is a good framework for understanding people’s individual struggles within the context of society’s biases.
Huh... I'm left handed and have never realised I do this.
My dad loves playing sport......the sport of slam dunking my arse for a touchdown
That’s exactly what it says on the menu, don’t see what’s wrong here.
That’s a real article ? Oh [NAME]...
Definitely, too bad [NAME] is taking it as an attack on her when it’s really an attack on [NAME] and his behavior.
Well it was heavily leaning towards breweries and beer in general but we still got to see heaps of other stuff to so thanks!
it’s amazing how he is already just about my favourite skater ever.
I will GLADLY tell him to his face. And have.
The downside being you have to drink Atwater beer.
Because ridiculously attractive people also have self esteem issues and depression Guess what honey The world sucks for everyone There’s no escape We will all die in misery and alone
Really sucks that he's not going to retire a Sounder.
OP, u/christiangreyisdraco and u/lurkerturndcommenter, thank you for trying to make the point about focus. I appreciate your many attempts!
Thank you. Man I wanted to throw this fact in someones face for goodnesssake
Yay, now we're only down by 7
The my bad thing is hilarious.
1: you deserve it 2: I think you're neat 3: literally it's no problem, I really like talking to you. honestly.
I'm not sure what you're speaking of, but I suspect it may be specific to your state.
Run, run Run for the roses Quicker it opens Sooner it closes Man oh man oh friend of mine All good things in all good time
Honestly if I didn't have this many favorite characters not yet in the game, I would probably waste my 7 votes on Merlinus.
Nice try OSI
I’m keeping my middle name, I somehow feel no dysphoria having the middle name [NAME] while having major dysphoria for having the first name [NAME].
I agreed with your first point and then stated a statistic. My bad, awkward wording on my part.😢
I've heard some people get kinda homophobic with the grappling. Sucks when the crowd boo's
I think you missed a "ba"
Slowly sliding down towards the floor, not having the strength to stay up on my feet any longer, hearing the words `` It's time '' and thinking please no.
@LeeJarvis10 can't be following u pal he's smiling
Some people enjoy their music and their fans for the sake of others opinions.
Yeah I agree with you tbh. A rough patch of form from us and the 5 point lead could be gone fast
Rollin the green for 48 hours, weed will make you feel like you got awesome powers, like flight.
Let them fight!
hope everything ended up alright, op!
oh, carry on then
[NAME] was an awesome Chief. Wish we would've seen more of him being a badass.
Thanks! I've got at least 6 certifications from coursera and a few more from udemy. Good luck to you too!
Heck, you're one cool dude, guy.
WHAT A TWIST!!
She did you a favor by not dragging it out. Cut bait and move on.
That’s because she is. Honestly she’s done like a ‘safe’ performance once and the rest high. Others are unfortunately her eliminaysh-ions
Look like when i wake up in the same bed with my uncle
The subdistrict refusing retests or forcing you to makeshift hospitals can be rejected, right? A missing day’s test result is really suspicious.
Must have got the same person in who did that [NAME] statue.
Realizing that holding a grudge for long is immaturity is wisdom
I'm an inspiring man
He was only thrown in there so we could have [NAME] get heroically saved by him and so we would hate [NAME]
Only the outcome matters—she can pay 700k. Those rewarding her are probably the same type. Learn to respect others’ fate.
Honestly it makes me sad but [NAME] does need less time:/
We don't do that here
The smell of pipes and cigars reminds me of my grandpa.
Wouldn’t be surprised one bit. He did beat up [NAME]. Maybe that gets him arrested and that’s how he loses [NAME]. 🤷🏼‍♀️
Not sure what you're talking about then. Feints work on untrained people, just not subtle feints.
Im a revolver guy so I've always admired the rhino and its low bore axis design. The Rhino and the Kimber k6s are on my list.
Yeah. Online schools, who knows what they're like?
Weird flex, but ok
I picked up some sea pods the other day for like $8 us online and I love them, zero leaks and great flavour!
Lighten up buddy.
Petition for non-Maghrebi PoC to stop buying 'couscous' from white grocery stores and boiling it. That is not couscous, that is trash.
I THINK ITS TIME TIME TIME YEAAAAA ITS TIME TO BUY A FUTON !!!!!!
That's such a well said last sentence...
I was trying to click on a baby flamingo but I'm not mad
I've always wondered how much of this stuff doesn't end up on the internet
you might be suffering from delusions
Breaking bad all over again
[NAME]. hopefully that mindset will change (no pun intended)
and I love him for that
Not a cop, but...
Sounds like a great start to 2019! Congrats and good vibes to you💜
Did not know that. Not bad
Looks like the Content ID system picked up a song you used in your video. Sound about right?
But what did he druer? Sorry. (Im not sorry)
Well that Praying Mantis had some balls. Just imagine this tiny little dude said a prayer and then jumped right in to fight this giant.
Glad you are resting better, and as for your friend he deserves the brownie points.
I kiss the shade all dude. His username was trewdat. I miss that guy.
@marcavis @AntisocialJW2 I've always been fiery, but never radical.
I love my family so much #lucky #grateful #smartassfamily #hilarious #love #lucky #grateful #smartassfamily #hilarious #love
Then your education must have been pretty poor lol
70 year old me doesn't give a fuck just piss or get off the pot!
Eh, its up to you.. but Im not buying your girlscout cookies just because some of the troop drowned.
You’re amazing thank you so much!! :)
I'm confused. Is this post finished or is u done?
@marthalyssa yep. LOL
@laura221b I don't think I've ever moved so fast in a panic in all my life 😂 Gave me such a fright 😓
Best game I've watched from Barcelona since the other 6-1 two years ago!
It's so simple. Problem solved.
What happened in his personal life? I know he had a bunch of head injuries; is there more than that?
Are officials too pedantic? Just wipe out the troublemakers—without a purge, things never change.
I really liked [NAME] tbh
Oh I was unaware of this! Thank you!
You're with him, you brought him here to kill me.
Why would Orlando want [NAME] anyways, this deal isn't real
He'd be a homewrecker if he slept with the guy. Calling out the married dude's behaviour isn't home wrecking.
Do these Salinas officers not realize that no-shave November is over?
Ah that video
It’s a substitute teacher. She should know to stay in her lane.
@sydneyswans #cheer #cheer the #red and #white we are now off to #grand final to #win the #fight. Thanks @JetstarAirways #cheer #cheer #red #white #grand #win #fight
hmm... it didnt work for me when i posted it but now it does... weird af
What a time to be alive.
I like how he just watches as it happens too, reminds me of what a cat would do.
[NAME] is worse.. [NAME] is really bad as well..
Looks like this person just solved the world’s starvation problem. Get a Nobel Prize ready for them!
I'm so restless
Demographics? I don’t know anybody under 35 who has cable tv.
I get abused on the daily fam ‍♀️‍♂️‍♂️‍
You have to be rich to use health insurance; the copays are brutal.
#Trump is #afraid of the big, bad #Hillary. #election #PresidentialDebate #PresidentialElection2016 #orangehitler #skip #hide #coward  #trump #afraid #hillary #election #presidentialdebate #presidentialelection2016 #orangehitler #skip #hide #coward
So cute! This lady thinks you're hot!
Wuf! Who needs plates? ^(...wait for it...) *[NAME]* *Dog* ^(...ahem...)
Why does he have the vault boy face lol
This is one of the identity issues I was referring to in my original comment.
Anyone know how high of a fall that was? Edit: ~4 seconds of falling. .5 X 9.8 X 4^2 = ~78 feet.
Let me put it this way: I burned so much as a kid that my nose is permanently red.I look back on all of this skin damage, and wish I could go back to my old self and do some kind of scared straight intervention.
I didn't know that they had that on there lol. Are those the kind of shows that you're into?
That definitely hurt
Religion is absolutely a problem. But to say the left doesn't have its own analogues is ridiculous.
Maybe people just don’t like it?
@kevinrouth Now that's what I call a gameface! #gameface  #intimidate #gameface #intimidate
When I worked in salon, we could never wear flip flops because of “hair splinters”
@DxfyingGrxvity - frustration, looking up at Elphaba in a frown of aggravation. Her high pitched voice was growing more and more --
Thank you for the clarification.
Not really. Relying on someone you can't trust is bad. Sometimes relying on someone is the only happiness you'll get.
Is this in the US? 30k per year blows my mind, my tuition is like 9k ish a year+rent
I came.
`` I had to think about that for a second, and do the math in my head.
Relove. No, it’s all fair pricing, the collection is enormous.
I hear ya man, it sucks that we live in a world where we have to worry about so much nonsense instead of just being ourselves.
One of those is not like the others.
They are probably waiting for his harasser to pull a [NAME]. Filthy men.
Just wish I was appreciated for all I do! When is it my turn to be taken care of!! I want a break!! #tired  #tired
But the satisfaction of getting a headshot is better with the USP.
I just found my new flair. Thanks [NAME].
I miss [NAME].
So basically what we have is a horribly exploitative business model meant to prey on drivers by tricking them into accepting unprofitable rides.
Grandma Jiang’s trick: block all of Liu’s income sources, online and offline. Ban her accounts, ruin her jobs, then buy trending tags saying “she won’t pay.” Keeps hype alive, keeps exploiting fans.
That has literally never happened.
Signatures are no longer required for transactions in the US as of April last year, so I guess this no longer applies really.
This is the most majestic effortless mullet I have ever seen. The blending, the way his wavy locks lay. This is incredible.
Don't make me talk about [NAME]... ...
Yeah but that post is a day old so OP won't have any chance of getting karma off it, cmmon now
Can you update this 20th century "meme"? I thought millenials were the "entitled" generation.
I definitely get that vibe from this post. Or [NAME] was friends with them and didn’t get invited to the party lmao
I'm sorry to hear. I wish you the best of luck with everything! Just know that we're all here for you ❤️
Yeah, my thoughts exactly. Alright people, time to revive this comrade's karma.
Am I the only INTP here who cared about deadlines. It's how I got so good at crunch time and working last minute.
I'm tall but no one is attracted to me, because I'm ugly, I have a big nose and ears.
So he’s gonna swear at you in Klingon?
I remember saying 'Dad?'.
Guy on the right looks like [NAME] long lost sister
Is it really up to $11?
@NancyErvin4 The most ghastly thing is the silence from the #AARP. Trump says he won't touch SS, but his tax plan belies that.  Huge cuts. #aarp
[NAME]. How are your attempts at arguing reality into agreeing with you going?
If hes there in the third he might be worth the pick. His tape looks atrocious tho.
I’m surprised they arnt argonians
31? Congrats on the wizard powers, at least. What spells did you learn?
Very interesting link, thanks for sharing. Happy New Year!
There was no Israel then dumbass!
I loooooove Tiff!!!
Oh thanks a lot! :) Please let me know.
I can't stand [NAME]. Especially since her "tatooing my own face" video.
It's pretty crazy thinking of the random chance of us never meeting.
Your future is bright. #Remember #remember
I liked it because [NAME] is a fat lard and he was pissed off.
In all 18 years of my life this is only the second time I’ve seen these. I could’ve sworn they where discontinued
It's not like it's a bad thing...
On a related note, why does it shatter? I expected it to break into a few large pieces, rather than completely fall apart.
Decide to be roommates.
It seems as if you are the one that is unable to feel women.
You die.
You’re only as young as you feel 😄
haha not bad my man
Thinking of those young lives given for the country breaks my heart. It’s been 71 years — their families may have passed waiting. Now they’re home; the people will never forget you. With a sincere heart, we repay China and dedicate our years to its land.
She though she could sneak one out..... ended up dripping poop throughout the department store.
So much lost diversity...
That was horrible defending what the hell
Human produce bad carbon dioxide too We should EAT OURSELVES ️
It's got gray icing. I can't even begin to think how you'd make gray icing
That's a great comparison
My goodness. Your such a fucking manchild.
I feel your pain 😪 i got scammed $1400 in November. I felt like a dumbass for falling for it too.
Shit, I wish I had your skin and those blackheads. I’m 38 and still get acne and have scars!
really odd choose with pairing slack and sunfan together. These 2 should always be paired with a high IQ caster
What am I supposed to understand from the phrase "1v1 fam, a duel".
Love you (No homo)
I was thinking it’s sad that a team that hasn’t had a FRP for what seems like a decade has a better record than us.
So happy to see these as the top two comments. My lips turned to prunes just watching this.
@m_giacchino will this be aired on radio or filmed? Lots of fans over the pond too! #wales  #wales
My friend can't kiss her husband if he's had gluten and not washed his face.
no your are disrespectful at least i pay my respects
[NAME] love for you
Getting cable hooked up in new place just in time for @NBCChicagoPD and @NBCChicagoMed premiers is like God smiling down on me. #OneChicago #onechicago
They're demonized because they're annoying.
"Get the fuck out of the fucking chair", or something to that avail.
Yikes. She sounds like she's one bad grade away from shooting up a synagogue.
Coconut Tree has always had this style — no need to report them, right? The livestream didn’t cross any real lines anyway.
Most important!!! ALWAYS AIM THE HEAD! [NAME] arrows are pretty fat woodsticks, so keep aiming on the head on long distance. Thats it
@FraserKeegan just had a steak pie supper
Small btc withdrawals are slowly happening. Really curious to know if any large btc withdrawals have been successful.
Or use hot glue to stick the bristles together into one big lump! ROTFL!
Where did I state I wanted to keep Syria going? Is making things up just a usual part of your arguements?
It’s not outrageous though. Just a 2 night hotel stay alone for 1600 people will be around 200k.
They should have burned that shit to the ground and used the insurance money to buy another used one.
Now that’s wild
... or if they’re having a bad time because life is a bit crap.
What a combo of food
And I *can* physically drink over 12 beers in a sitting. And my cat *can* physically jump out of the open window if he wanted to. Sigh.
You can disagree with the West's policies and past actions without aligning politically with authoritarian regimes.
Oh yeah, I forgot about the mean one.
Holy shit that was fucking bad...
SHUUUUUT UP THIS IS TOO TRUE
To be fair, are those things really mutually exclusive (as far as this show is concerned)?
Lol idk how he messed them up but they were like eating rubber or gummy candies almost
They feel soooo good on TBF
Oh ok I never watched that show. I love that judge though.
Okay, cool. Thanks.
Great. I guess they learned from previous shutdowns.
Luckily my wages are rising faster to compensate. Oh wait...
I sure as hell hope your username is a joke
I mean... It also has Strength as a "fantasy power"? I don't get this joke
*Claims to know Chinese people and Chinese culture* *doesn't even speak the language*
Good that corporate knows about it. They'll launch a LP investigation and fuck the idiots doing this.
He will but the Chiefs will absolutely have a shot because the Pats defense is egregious on the road. I mean they let [NAME] go off lol.
You're not. OP just couldn't follow some of the simplest rules on reddit.
This dude was joking. OP is retarded
Totally scare for this upcoming results .
Wonder if some of the ‘cuse guys we got because nobody was available anymore will be cycled out
#AutumnalEquinox the nights are drawing in, what a great time to look at putting up some new #lights #dark #showroom #news #wirral #autumnalequinox #lights #dark #showroom #news #wirral
Please give us updates. Oh wow.
Yeah, clear off. And tell your mates you had a horrible time too.
This is so crazy pessimistic. A generic [NAME] will win with plenty of room to spare, the problem is that "generic" candidates don't exist
They don’t like him, so he is divisive. It’s projection.
I was with you until you said "your truth". No such thing, mate. This is just mispropaganda in the other direction.
My morning started off amazing!! Hopefully the whole day is going as i want it to go!\n #GreatDay  #greatday
im not happy with tonight either but no need to make a bad situation worse by just bitching about everything and anything.
That scene made me think of Arizona a little bit tbh. I think I'm missing [NAME]*
> but [NAME] shut her up see this is why we love [NAME] so much
Same. And then cried a little.
This is the most adorable thing I've been made aware of. Possibly ever. You are being super sweet.
Lol so you're too stupid to know how to argue, and stupid enough to actually use "lol" in a post?
I hope it all works out for you and your baby girl, its hard doing it alone but itll be worth it for her. :)
I dont think it will happen cuz he will probs just stay in GS or go LA with/ against [NAME] but I do think he should look into it.
No wonder why their logo always looks pissed
36 and definitely not what I used to be... still ok though!!!
I love [NAME] already
Thank you! I was thinking, man, I’ve never been corrected about this before. 😐
That canopy looks like it could take someones head off.
Oh the irony in the title
Go Sun Yang! Swiss court overturned the ban. Funny — the ban hit #1 trending, but this good news can’t climb. Guess the haters and paid shills froze up. #1
I'm just saying you are demanding things of us while being nasty yourself.
I never used an escalator until I was about 16 and I still remember moving stairs scaring the hell out of me
Kids are like pets. They just sit by a locked door and howl.
oh okay gotcha! i was really baffled at that lol
The joke's on them, because I'm too ugly and petty to have a wife!
has skype installed
I’m not. I know too many moid larpers to be one. I’ll show you my face if you want.
*[when your pet is still barking at you]* I'm done trying to convince you.
troubled soul don't loose your heart 'cause joy and peace he brings and the beauty that's in store outweighs the hurt of life's sting.
Will be a lively evening at ot that one.
@GCC_DiscGolf lost my xt nova around hole 8 or 9 #sadness #sadness
I love this information!
Known conman shares stage with scorned racist and accuses Labour leader of anti semitism whilst invoking shadowy [NAME] running the world trope
That's a minor to moderate concussion for sure, with a possible skull fracture.
i am the new [NAME] hope she doesn't get hated on when she returns on all stars
That's way dangerous to keep then together they may break out and start feedig on the other ear buds to gain heir strength
I need more videos of this cat, love its face xD
Nice of you to jump in for no reason, very cool.
TAKE MY MONEY
OMG, yep!!! That is the final answer. Thank you so much!
you never call me when your sober
I thought the joke was going to be that there would be a kiwi (fruit), but this is way more wholesome
It's so focused on the presenter and he is so unengaging it's painful.
Exactly, I remember loving those videos but I was also like 12
Hahahahahaha you 100 percent got my ass first time in months I’ve been got. Thank you.
Either that, or his wife is *really* attractive.
To be clear meaty means use later active frames of any move Oki: what posibilities are favorable to me frame wise after an attack
You're welcome!
@twojacksdetail @bluelivesmtr Very rare an officer just shoots without regard. They don't want that on their conscience. #incite #inflame #incite #inflame
You can’t say that that’s racist!!!!!!
Lmao, I have actually seen this happen at a [NAME] gig, so yeah, probably true.
In ten years, I've met maybe 2 korean teachers that actually spoke English in the class. Out of hundreds.
Yo creep, please get help!
Welcome to MTV Cribs! The whole place is a giant bed for me
Don't let fear hold you back from being who you want to be. Use it's power to push you towards your goals. No more fear, just action. #fear #fear
Wow thanks. Was hoping to see more exact same moon pics for the eleventy millionth time.
Brb going to sulk in bed until Friday
Three year olds learn it's wrong to draw on the walls with crayon. I think you look stupid in this thread.
Did a COVID test two days ago — still no result. Does that mean it’s a positive mixed sample? But I have no symptoms — can I still go out?
Yeah just like the Spider-sense, Preflexes can be tricked or only blares up at specific situational times. Bit inconsistent, those two.
0 <----- This is how many people were surprised
That sucks. I had to deal with something similar. Sorry you go through this.
If you don't know the gender of the person you're referring to, "they" will suffice. In this circumstance I am a woman.
Worried me there
Oh no....
No, we both know you are liar. Thanks for convincing me to block you.
Lol, it seems like your projecting your own problems on me
look at [NAME] over here.. of course it alone won't fix our financial problems lol
I like this man.
Maybe it’s flaccid and shaking it makes sense when you’re being put under in the comments. loool read a few pounds.
I waited outside tj outside for 10 min and did my whole shopping experience in a wine that started at the beginning of the store
I'm not having any thoughts that are safe for me to publicly type.
nope! she meets up with robb en route to the twins and he sends her back to riverrun to not spite the freys. little did he know..
Thanks :) I will still do the necklace, but probably just as a surprise gift.
Dude. This is exactly what happened to me. I hope you’re doing well. Hang in there.
I used to feel like this. That’s a mental illness man
I was kicking and cupping my hands for dear life.
He just can't deal with the fact that he finds you hot.
Oh, the horror! We must defend the honor of Lord [NAME] against the scum of r/NFL!!
I'm not sure. There's some good youtube compilations of him.
Yeah, apparently I missed the joke back there a bit Hahaha.
No, only unique roles are properly checked server-side.
Feminists body-shaming and objectifying men
Stranger things have happened, but still, good luck.
[NAME] aren’t a race either. Are you trying to be ignorant?
I would have a similar reaction if she committed neck rope.
Yeah thankfully I live in mass where it’s legal here too lol
Feel free to leave.
Gotta go fast! [NAME]
No worries girl it happens hahaha
Watching It Follows.  This is a super freaky movie.  #horror #scary #horror #scary
The whole idea f a nation revolves around Kashmir &amp; global terrorism: evrn don't care their kids dying of hunger. #NawazFightsForKashmir #nawazfightsforkashmir
Yeah, in this case, the difference between 17 and 18 is about 8 years.
True, the commonly affiliated ones are mostly just sheer ignorance or things like that.
I’m ready to be hurt
Stop with this revisionist history we literally just let him go because HE SUCKED
Ooooooooh. Yeah I did not get that. Makes sense, thanks
That's true, you'd imagine it'd have come up beforehand.
This is truly the most captivating trilogy I’ve ever read. Eager to read the third story.
The day I met you, God whispered in my ear, “There’s no escape from this fate.”
Hey- that's where I play tennis! No slapshots, pls.
Can you check facts before spouting nonsense? They’re both fine—no need to drag them down. It’s just malicious editing—how can you trash him like that? Are you okay?
Well that's good. Now, where am I?
Nice try Mommy shark
Do they have rankings beyond the top 9? It'd be great to see what type of talent would be available in rounds 3, 4 etc.
Have fun insulting me then. I have fun building and using BSV Insults are too low for me to participate. Sorry
Nice hiss!
#Azerbaijan #Baku Azerbaijan to prevent another Armenian provocation in Russia #azerbaijan #baku
I remember one guy on the show being labeled as "[NAME] son" so I"m not sure what that's about.
Nice win! Good luck on your future tournaments!
Yes, after her long trip to the Swiss Alps or wherever she went to "find herself" lol
I got sucked right back into the vicious cycle of love-bombing, gas-lighting and degradation.
Oh boy.. "The Beginner's Guide" game on steam had me messed up for a couple days..
And he doesn’t even stop. It’s your work truck, man! They’re going to find out regardless.
I have said many times [NAME] should just quit playing around and open a full on grocery store. Seems like a logical next step.
You and me both 8 years wasted on an ssshole narc I don't know any good advice really just wanted to offer my support stay strong.
Thank you so much I am so proud of myself!
Guess we know where they got the rivet for the fire pit now.
You just brushed off the entirety of his video and reverted back to the original argument.
At first your post reads like some anti-vax, flat earth rant containing too many capitalised words... until you realise it's all true.
Huh. Siege is still a thing. I miss the old days. :(
That book would be the biggest flop, the characters and plot are really too outrageous to be believable.
Thank you! That’s good to hear. I like presenting the place as it is.
they're shite - disgruntled OCSC fan
We are on the same boat mate. Im pretty sure many people did.
Everything I see of American police training seems calculated to trample human dignity, inflame outrage, and escalate confrontations.
Oh thanks, ~~[NAME]~~ Mitt. We all know you won’t provide meaningful opposition to [NAME].
TO THIS DAY!!!! TO THIS DAY!!!!!!
@govph I would like to know about the source of The President's optimism about running the country. I wonder if he can answer my curiosity.
*Can I Haz Gold?* Don't actually please don't spend your money on crap like that.
Scrambled eggs, chevre, sweet potato chips, and a side of I should probably go shopping. A confusing flex
He probably misread it as *gunst*, he didn't come here for gunst.
I was pregnant!
Soooooo Florida?
I have worked at a shitty, south side smoke shop before so I can imagine all of these interactions perfectly hahahaha
The Lidl ones definitely don't taste like Weetabix, if they are make by Weetabix then they must be using different stuff!
Looked ugly.
Keep messing around—fine, unlocked now, you handle it. One careless person thinking “I’m fine” spreads it to many—elders, kids—one severe case can ruin a family.
You're in for a real treat!
Well they never got into metal. Get over yourself and get a lot safer in the comments.
I find it really strange how people align themselves with or against a politician so strongly.
Surely this particular one an extreme example? Thinking his brother is a lizard....
Power trip blindness is scary; how someone can't see the obvious aftermath of acting like this with their employees?
@Megane_Matt @HikariMorou next to despair, hope shines even brighter (you get me Matt)
no job security and your prospects for future employment are severely hurt
The concept, design and artwork are gorgeous. I would love to buy this skin if it was available in game.
Color me surprised. Take your "free" care and like it, peon!
Two wrongs don't make a right..
Good, I need an hour to align my chakras for the impending stress
IIRC Tool doesn’t like their stuff on Spotify because they don’t like their business practices regarding royalties and such.
Very true, honestly. Hopefully one day indiginous issues won't be a political career killer, and we'll have a PM that dares to do something.
good one. 2 one liners so far.
Oh, I’m so sorry! Good luck, I hope your 3000% more successful than me! Sending love and support!!!!!
Very very sweet!! Tell us how it goes!
I tried the pilot and it just felt very "meh" to me. Does it get better or is it just not to my sense of humor?
Vitamin C is water soluble, you literally piss excess amount.
That’s fair, personally the manufactured electronic beat sounds the best to me
I’m kind of out of the loop... is THIS the big Chungus?
at this point if you couldnt figure out that most [NAME] here dont actually support [NAME], you must have some problems
[NAME]. Get off of the computer my man. Get some fresh air, there’s a whole world out there. ⛑
What an unbelievable coward
Hey, I get your point of view. I appreciate the explanation. :)
Yes, a month ago.
Glad you had fun!! Did you all, ya'know? Did you all make plans to see each other again soon?
ah. I see :) Still brave of you.
I wish that too.
Oof nice one bro
I laugh every god damn time.
Gahh...BT, in queue for 30 minutes.. Now put through to BT Sport dept to cancel... back in a queue again... #shocking #shocking
That is so beautiful. It makes my heart hurt that humans can be cruel to animals when they're aware of having so much emotion.
I am really intrigued why you worded the title this way.
I love this post so much. Really drives the point home and made me laugh!
@RossKemp watching on +1. I would have been straight out of there with the guy who was getting irate! #ExtremeWorld #extremeworld
Did nucleic acid tests two days in a row and still no results, yet some places still require results within 48 hours — isn’t that just making things hard for people?
You’ve never shit yourself as an adult?? If an adult can then a kid definitely can
This is great advice. The minions here will automatically down vote due to username.
I'm so sorry. That's awful.
That’s good to hear..I’m so worried I’ll be making the wrong choice by leaving my job I hate soon.
Legend says he still can't believe he's done this.
Racism is as racism does - so yeah, goin' out and willfully doing racist shit is indeed racist. Not too hard to grasp.
I brought my love a cherrrryyyyy....
Uh oh. Ummm, I need to take care of something.
Really? it's probably the funniest movie I've ever seen.
Ditto this. Happy hour after work is nice and low-commitment.
Please tell me your shop didn't get you in trouble for that D:
For a sub about motivation y'all are a bitter bunch haha
@buzzlightbeard2 If you don't love yourself... Honesty is the best policy #smile #smile
I see a Narcissist/sociopath in that character. He also has delusions of grandeur, too. I wouldn't associate him with BPD, personally.
Spirit-search my heart
@PersephoneOD Her cheerful voice echoed through the grand, familiar home, a smile blossoming on my rosy brims, 'Mom.' I reciprocated the --
Argument a month. I should be so lucky.
Feel free to tell me. I’ll get to it eventually
I've also heard that intriguing but also kinda scary
I mean it certainly is a ritual so to speak.
@LaureEve I am sitting here wrapped in a fluffy blanket, with incense burning, listening to Bon Iver and drinking mulled wine. I'm there.
It definitely revealed how ugly the hatred on the Left has gotten.
This post is another reason why I'll never go back to Heroes. The loot box RNG was so cruel to me
Colts fan here. [NAME] seems like a nice enough guy but, holy crap, terrible coach. Buyer beware.
I have no idea what manki is so I have no idea where to look.
>Let's see with all the player turnover he managed to go 8-4 [NAME] still had NFL Caliber players on those Penn State team.
Not to be confused with the toughest guy in the streets of Harlem.
He's 38 he should retire I hope he at least gets traded to a contender
Go on the website it’s super easy to get hired loading trucks that’s for sure
This is the kind of thing that makes me want to move away far into the mountains away from civilization.
Non-stop fun.
Reminds me of the giants/cooks from Little Nightmares.
I think you're right. She has oodles of cash and young grandchildren to enjoy. Going through that hideous gauntlet again probably isn't that appealing.
I actually did just after writing it hope the poster doesn't mind, but just so you can find
Until we win an actual SuperBowl trophy I want all the positive karma.
Im from Austria, so im supporting TSM from EU. Would appreciate to Share my thoughts.
What can you expect from guys who think everything based on sex and romance is solely based on a person’s looks and not at all their personality?
Pop a chubby like a green teletubby! ^(that felt wrong.)
All. I too, am drunk, and will be enjoying half price burgers at Whitlow's once my appetite kicks in.
I'm so triggered!!!!!!! Please stop you are hurting us with your comments!?!?!?!?!?
Why must you touch it? Humans and wild animals should keep distance—why do people want to meddle with everything?
You too thirsty
Do you think CPS would help your niece get help?
I'm climbing the walls right now. Just let me out of the house.
Oh no here come the fanboys and girls, dude... RUUUNNN
Thanks! Tbh I just set the limit from true to false, didn't want to mess anything up by changing it. What number what you recommend?
How dare you
...I mean, that part isn't necessarily wrong. It's Iowa...
You seem jealous
Oh no you didn’t just quote tlc...👍🏼
It's a gloomy ass day
True but also it's not a dilemma ; if they try something like Tiananmen they will likely die. So not very tempting to try to change things.
They didn’t even respond to my email so I don’t think it’s gonna work
I am nitpicking out of interest , but I don’t understand how cannibalism of deceased persons is immoral. Do you think it is immoral?
I believe talent outweighs effort in some things — not everything comes by striving, but effort brings you closer; without it, there’s nothing.
Yeah this is pretty eye opening. I’ve had pretty weird relationships with my reflection in the past but thankfully it’s not always this way.
Don't worry. r/fireemblem is obligated to bash fates whenever it can [NAME] I love the entire scene so much. ~~Too bad it ruined the song~~
Came here for this. Thanks for representing
Fock I cant breathe.
How far down the rabbit hole do you want to go?
Bro I love how she deletes it so all ur hard work is gon
[NAME] is scared out there. Didnt want the ball
Tears streaming down my face I say '' let this end be because of my own making. ''
Dark, dense, and exhilarating come the finale, #HellOrHighWater is a gripping watch. #hellorhighwater
Because you can just leave her and start a new life for yourself, if she does not want to abort but you do, it’s her problem
His grandparents used to live and farm there until they retired, but the land stayed in the family.
ooh thems would be nice
When I finally opened my eyes, it was into the searing white heat of a desert landscape.
Mother knows best.
I was very tunnel visioned at first haha didn’t even notice the arm
Thank you for such kind words.
I’m single I’ve had it thrown at me But I’m being more choosey about who I spend my bed with this year
You can remove them without killing or etc etc. Just stop reproduction
Twas a joke ❤️
Wrong, it's not 365 days a year. Once every four years, it's 366 days a year.
Thank you for your thoughtful, insight-filled post, which makes so many valid points.
Back to not getting a seat despite being 3 stops from the end of the line.
Look for #contrasts....#behaviour may be a #camouflage....garments a #shell....a #bully may be a #baby inside.....' - Prof Caroline Taylor #contrasts #behaviour #camouflage #shell #bully #baby
Most likely shock that had him so comatose.
Yes it is child abuse. It’s sexist too.
Student of the game. Amazing physical attributes and devastating punching power. Humble enough to take bits and pieces from legends
Well damn wish I could use venom too.
Other than some wacky pick up orders, the dine-in customers are very sweet at my place. It’s a good thing :)
Wow I’m sorry. Can you take pictures of your bruises? What was she nagging you about?
Thats not mold
Mail Call, great show, have all of 'em preserved for history. RIP
Yes I'm trips fail like that nothing you can do about it but brush yourself off and try again tomorrow
when everyone you know has died because of a treaty you had no involvement in drawing up, you get an enormous amount of fury
Did you say that the person getting the exact day did not mean anything because you had heard from someone else it was that day?
Same tbh hahahaha
May you not resist the unknown, not worry about tomorrow, and look forward to the future.
Indeed. This episode is for me the best one officially. I'm scared for the finale
@Ashleyavitia_ don't leave me #sad #sad
Me and these burns that I pick up off the pitches don't get on at all like 😢😢 #sting #sting
Delusion can be a powerful thing.
Two goals that are directly the fault of the our defense? I feel bad for [NAME]
I am also interested in this religion!
@jetmissTee I thought I peeped him on your snap. That's the homie ✊🏽 lol
Watch [NAME] left arm and hand as he's on the floor. Scary.
Like the op said, [NAME] is more of a giver, so I think [NAME] would be happy as long as [NAME] would be happy
I can deal with pupper and doggo in moderation but heckin, hooman, fren all make me irrationally angry.
That's good eatin' mate.
She got me into it so not wrong lol
The beauty of that is you won't need alcohol or drugs, you'll get a cute buzz going from the measles fever.
Thank you, love. You too! ❤ It's nice to find kindred spirits.
Sex lesson for a 28 year old oh god, but I see the point you’re tryin make and I’ll try it!
The way it runs out of the water lmao
Oh goodness, that show shaped my sense of humor. I loved it so much.
I've had sex with somewhere between 30-35 women, 100's of times total, since we've been married. Never cheated once. *Swinger things*
That’s not true. She represents those who voted her into power.
@BillSwindell @DePauwU @dick_nixon I was having breakfast when I seen this?! I blew my cereal in the #sink!! #sink
[NAME] is so damn good
#twd comes on soon  #twd
Maybe you’re just extremely boring and bland, and outright refuse to learn to take photos that don’t suck.
I've been looking forward to this But damn, I was hoping for some epic revenge story ;-;
Isn’t Weibo aiding evil here? If they open this door, imagine how chaotic the world will become — unthinkable.
you're being lenient
She loves it. Watch Rick and Morty. Do it yourself.
DID SOMEONE SAY THE TH WORD!!!!! I HAVE ARRIVED!
“We just need more MONEY!”
Should of dropped it off at a tor whistleblowing site. 100% safer than this.
I think the issue is this feels like green washing
> the media has no clue about the needs or desires of the american people They do, but that's not their constituency.
Hey i used to work at Sams and i was a check our supervisor COS. It fucking sucked. I say that with the biggest grin.
34 year old here... still feel like a 20 year old still trying to figure things out... no kids, no wife,
There's something deeply ironic about spoil tagging this
Lol love it.
Was almost hit by some idiot yesterday that drove straight through a red light and into a crossing.
[[NAME] is quaking in his boots] (
This is my ex and I rib about this all the time
I like the fact that you like it a lot.
I believe he means he was a very pretty child to become otherwise after puberty...
yeah, fuck [NAME]
I love how you're getting downvoted for understanding ENTPs better than the "ENTPs" in this thread.
Why did this get 100+ upvotes in 2 days?
glad she;'s back inside, tragic what shes doing to this dude and his family they r the ones picking up the tab.
Umm did you see the guy? Serious question. He looks like he gets into fights at the bar
Now [NAME] is the popular one!!
Technically, if [NAME] are right about him, then you already did nail him... soooooo...
But a worker who earns wealth can invest it and become a capital investor. In that case he is literally providing the capital.
Those dont seem exclusive....try both
[NAME] too busy picking his nose with his tongue to pick up that shitty pass?
Thanks. At first I read it as party
Cute. 💖
[NAME] is getting frustrated and [NAME] is playing well, not much between the two last few points. Finishing it off is going to be a challenge for [NAME]
I CANTTTT😭😭😭. That's as bad as you said, it will get better friend. r/oldpeoplereddit.
Anyway it was weird.
Gov staff can’t get leave — told to “celebrate locally.” Alone here, how’s that a holiday? Might as well keep everyone on duty!
It actually makes me really happy when people literally call me [NAME]. Thanks kind stranger!
Also in response to /u/hyunL. There was. Among other things such as vocally wanting rape to be legalized, "breeding" farms, among other things.
Bless you!
How is this even an “incident”? I thought the influencer was attacked and seriously injured. If the master nun is in trouble, doesn’t that just make them more famous?
I discussed this shop with my cop buddy, he also trusts it. Thanks!
Because they’re going to have trouble crossing the *language barrier*.
No, I'm pointing to the fact that you think that without Capitalism, the only alternative reality is the Soviet Union.
You can always tell from the vote counts lol. They're way too blatant
Yep, though we just had a cross on the stochastic RSI weekly chart, looks like the next four to six weeks are going to get nasty.
Skiving #Freshers2016 for a me day! #nails #sunbeds and #gym 😉💜👑 #priorities #student #studentnurse #pampered  #freshers2016 #nails #sunbeds #gym #priorities #student #studentnurse #pampered
Thank you for the notice. I'm mainly on mobile, so I tend to ignore rules
@CesarSampao @thisisbolton don't get me started on town centre. Used to go every week.... not been for 18 months
Oh neat! I didn't realize you guys shot it. I figured the company had set up a tripod. In that case I retract my complaint.
Jay Z and Brad Pitt cheated ..Bey stayed Angie left #cheaters #love #lust #sex #couples #relationships #date #marriage #divorce #cheaters #love #lust #sex #couples #relationships #date #marriage #divorce
What if [NAME] just tricked everyone to make us appreciate the coach we had all along...
No because prize drafts still aren't serious play dude.
Can't believe this didn't occur to me until now that [NAME] is [NAME] wife.
my late [NAME] kept bank suckers for low blood sugar
I love this. Kids just live in the moment which makes them so unaware of so many things.
Lol I know, gross right? I'm hate watching the tell all again right now haha
Imagine thinking like this. I feel kinda bad for them.
the ALTERNATE caption! good thinking!
...and his last one was in New Orleans. Let’s go Rams!
"Oh no, my blue heroes died, it's probably very bad, time to concede".
Holy crap! A stunning play by mentally ill newcomer u/justforyouthlogic
Funny when I hear people claim a breed is dangerous, I automatically assume they are trash.
Yeah, I mean we’re all just in their wake over here. I’m humbled.
We've allways a ear to rent you here in reddit, you little sensitive bigheart. Now time to feel good again, ok?
@LidlUK Just bought a pack of two medallion beef steaks. Got home. Cooked them. One steak is 100% pork. I had one unhappy mother. 🐮🐷
i think that is called masochism
Which is why he wasn't the best at colonialism. You can't just murder the people you're supposed to enslave.
Your comment certainly does
He looks like that one guy
I make it a point to toss it real loud in the QMOS bin so they see where the shit goes, [NAME].
No screenings, no screenings, no screenings — especially during the Spring Festival, when audiences won’t wait hours or travel far for one movie. I understand creation is hard; I dream easily and love dreaming — though warm dreams can feel dull in storytelling. But overall, flaws don’t overshadow its beauty. I love Deep Sea for its delicate portrayal of emotions. Its humanistic care alone makes it outstanding (among domestic films).
Nice work [NAME]!
She looks so corrupt... Same with [NAME]
Funny enough, not all [NAME] are celebrities.
I just want to say — we’re tolerant, but if you don’t appreciate it, please leave Guangzhou! There are plenty of places to make money — go somewhere you like.
You just worded it badly, like we all SHOULD want to see it change, which many of us don’t.
Close the door, you're letting the heat out!
I was considering making a post with the same sort of thing. Good luck with the hunt!
Thank you. So many people out there that would rather be right and in a grave than swallow their pride and do the safer thing.
Maybe he was just really tanned and needs a vacation
I was just thinking how normal his legs and feet look!
believe me, it almost did for me. if i was a woman my panties would have dropped instantly. lol
If the fan doesn't work, then I'm fine with it.
What? Trolls? Actually, yeah, probably.
Sounds exactly the same as GC to me?...
If we don’t get [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], or [NAME]..... I’ll be so sad
ha ha LOL guys aren't we so QuIrKyyyy
This is one of those hobbies where the exit strategy is paralysis or death.
Isn’t working for the NDP. It’s a hard line to tread.
He could have spent way less money on backpage when it was still around or Craigslist...would have gotten around the same quality or better too.
What happened to my heart when it broke into pieces?
> I don’t understand the boot-licking mentality Calling it in 5 years. That's your future AP.
Finally! Somebody who legitimately hates planet Jupiter!
She's immortal now. Spread throughout the internet...shared by hapless idiots.
Why can't America be this cool?
How can America be so openly embracing racism. #dismayed #dismayed
Just do it. Straight up ask if he wants to date in clear terms. If he doesn't no reason you can't stay friends.
Please enlighten us
If we change the definition of what we are, maybe women will want to fuck us! -incel logic
Box up all his stuff and put it outside the door
That’s why it’s a repost. To anyone who’s cake day is 2 day🤗
This made me incredibly happy and incredibly sad. Sometimes this universe robs us of the wrong people.
Thank you. I thought I was going crazy for a sec.
I'd trust the terrorist with my life.
What a great terrible movie. Always worth a watch. Boondock Saints for those who dont know.
Edited or not, point stands: they said “come first, quarantine then detain.”
I’m glad you are here. You got this.
[NAME] is earning his spot
Maybe check the song title one more time chief. Love the song tho. Also today’s a Scared of the Dark kind of day for me
You’ll know it’s true love when he proposals you after 5 days.
23/68 last 9 games. Yeah that’s a bad %
Damn don’t sell this
Wow nice job. how long did it take? My Day is coming soon.
There is insurance for stuff like that too, so maybe not always
Its actually "[NAME]" , not "[NAME]".. Sounds like a drunk to me. Glad to hear nothing horrible happened
I really wish the conversation surrounding masculinity had just an ounce of empathy for men, rather than just the pretense of empathy for men
I’m sorry there was trouble, but I’m glad it ended as okay as it did.
#Pain is an aspect of #human evolution; the evolution of #consciousness. #attachments #desire #apathy #sentimentality #tears   #O #pain #human #consciousness #attachments #desire #apathy #sentimentality #tears #o
I would guess from multiple communities if they are trying to win the war against the other group
I foresaw Huang Yao’s twist, but it’s still brilliant. From her perspective—given her past—it’s a tale of perseverance and long-delayed revenge.
@bt_uk why does tracking show my equipment delivered, when it wasn't? Why is my service suddenly delayed? We've already 3 weeks.
Understandable in this day and age of gaming.
The stigma is justified. I dont care how you got it, it's still disgusting.
Oh. Great
What it do, what it do.
I do play League of legends and [NAME] is my favorite character that's why my name has Thresh in it :)
Now if only America would do this
I can’t even get high anymore cause “alcoholism/addiction” .... At least I have cookies I guess.
I was not expecting the giant "POLICE STATION" sign. That just makes it all the better.
Excited for season 3 too. Winter is getting too cold
Sir the fuck down. This is an intervention, we need to talk.
How dare you, she's in your flair too!
No, he wasn't the entire problem, but his performance can't be excused by coaching alone. He's just not very good.
Your #1 priority is the apartment paperwork. Good luck #1
Amen as I dump mine this year!
That guys entire account is the biggest comedy cemetery out there
I think what's more gross is you taking a picture mid stream....
Shouldn't have drank water from his cup.
The struggle is real
I would say the same thing except I can’t cuz it didn’t immediately fall and everything break.
No I’m just following your logic. To avoid pain people should die. Life is pain so people in pain should die. It’s your exact logic
Nothing makes me happier than managing my depression well.
Wizards really embracing the tank, having [NAME] playing the 5 against [NAME]
i am le depressed i l hate myself xDDdD #sad #depress #loner #emo #sad #depress #loner #emo
Marry her!
He probably banked on the inherent secrecy of the community and ignorance (on Belgian law) of his victims.
Late-stage Reddit. I'm afraid it's malignant, there are only palliative care options available at this point.
Orange man bad is a much less funny meme than the actual image here.
I hate when MoonWolf1-799 is taken.
Farewell wonderful traffic. It's been good 2 weeks.
My understanding it was a simply banking error
I've found [NAME] are more weirdly religious about their hockey for some reason. Maybe it's confirmation bias.
But you'll downvote and complain but not provide any reasoning for your complaints? You sound like a child. Grow up.
Passing through Xi’an means mandatory quarantine — outrageous! Detours cost a fortune. Smaller places are supposed to be more humane, but apparently not. So who are those official statements even for? What rules should we follow? Is it my fault for being literate?!
I'm still here so that's a win. Hope you're OK too.
It's rained every day since June 30. That's 13 #dreary, #soggy days in a row. #auckland #dreary #soggy #auckland
The original DayZ mod music was pretty intense.
@mas_critical The irony is that those protesting about this kind of stuff are the Orwellian nightmare they think they’re fighting against.
Hahahahhahhaha!!! Thats the right wing in a nutshell.....
i resent biting my tongue.
She been thinking about this for months. No one suddenly says divorce. Move in cuz clearly she has.
It's funny to consider DMC2 had characterization
And suddenly the UK join doesn't look so bad.
"bussy full of beans" is an earth-shattering phrase
Call them out all you want, begging for state intervention is where I draw the line.
I feel like I'm in a yoghurt advertisement announcing how my digestive system is all rejuvenated. Its that wholesome.
@judy_that Im honestly offended
It’s fun to go at night. When you arrive, remember to look up at the square’s name, then go inside and up to the 5th floor to play.
They're both awful in their own ways, but just saying. The way he treated Aniston alone makes him a nightmare male narcissist to be avoided.
Avoid Blount St and Martin Luthur King or risk death. I’m not kidding.
Was that an airbag at your legs/feet area?
Yeah, that lamp was pretty tall and slender. But I don't think there were any lights on upstairs.
I mean, let's not pretend [NAME] wouldn't be screaming murder if this happened at Spa instead of NVA
thank u for bein a friend
Don’t think in binaries — it’s about filtering information and judging accuracy. For individuals, trends don’t matter — you’re your own health guardian. Based on reliability: national & local press conferences > CCTV > medical experts online.
Thank you mods for the sticky. This is such an important story. To my surprise, the NY Times had a brief piece about it.
I am a simple human being who just really loves @aliciakeys like truly, madly, deeply rejoicing in her existence, class and queendom
You may be onto something. Strange that I agree with this now.
Your coaching is terrible.... be ready and see how [NAME] uses [NAME]
Right? It was frustrating (and concerning) that he used such bad reasoning when his job is to curb phishing :/
To give him a chance to play somewhere else. Sounds like a decent move by [NAME].
[NAME] is a traitor to this country.
I'm sure your kind is fine the way it is
On the drive home today I heard a censored version of Spirits by The Strumbellas. 'Guns' replaced with 'dreams'. Just NO.  #censorship #censorship
You gotta understand there’s always someone who can beat you. Man thinks he’s untouchable
@ClaretNBlues forest gate u could see he was a bully cunt big bald cunt his mates looked in shock when I hit him and didn't do shit when he
I don’t think there’s enough to make a canon implementation of Cyvasse but it looks like there are some fan-made ones.
On the bright side with YouTube heroes leafy will finally get banned
Do you find yourself depressed a lot? I feel like depression comes out of boredom.
Roger that thanks
What you are describing is what I am feeling right now aswell. It's hard to handle the fact but atleast you aren't alone.
Chris ate all my mac n cheese so imma eat all his taffy #revenge #revenge
You’re gonna miss some high quality content. Just this month he’s posted two mirror selfies and mentioned [NAME] a chill 5,000 times.
I am twice as proud of my baby [NAME].
Nope. Not how things are done around here.
Apparently reality is a simulation and the programmers are messing with us at this point.
NSFW tagged for showing [NAME]. But anyways, I hope you enjoy the video!
No guns = no gun violence! How come no one has ever thought of this before!
She’s just not that into you, that’s what I think. You need to find an HL girlfriend and go have fun.
@Groupon_UK who do I contact about a shocking experience with Clear Sky Holidays booked through you guys?? #customerservicefail #dreadful #customerservicefail #dreadful
Looks like she's saying that just to be nice imo
Yeah, it’s just a pointless invasive comment when it’s coming from a stranger.
We are up 2-0 and this game is pissing me off so much.
I thought this allegation was squashed when it came out. I was surprised to see it still making headlines. Poor guy.
Its worth noting that despite the animosity between the US president and the Israeli president they both behaved as gentleman.
Yes. It feels sharp and hurts in the chest sometimes. It will pass, but it freaking sucks. I'm here to listen, if you want❤
That was [NAME], Guice is juicy
@TouchPH  The solution is to punish the criminals. That's the only way to discourage crime. or the circle will continue.
How old are you?
Big thanks to Brad Pitt who's trashy ways brought a modicum of levity to an otherwise lame week of political 💤.
I miss [NAME] wish we could trade back for him!
Wonder how many people are walking around with slimey noses trying to figure out if this does work.... Besides me that is
No it’s not, I can give you multiple examples of cops getting physically assaulted and not even using their guns. Stop lying.
No. It doesn't. And a moron on Reddit has no authority to say that it does.
Thank you /u/GarbagePailGrrrl!
I laughed at this...I think it was the voice I read it in my head with...
@MeghanEMurphy Oh gosh, if you get 800+ raging comments from cruise fans, I will just die laughing!
[NAME] looks like [NAME] gorgeous
she usually sits below the bathroom sink like a fuckin weirdo between 9-11 pm but she'll be free after.
@space_gayz high fantasy , i feel like you could make a melancholy college age slice of life thing work too
John and his 'magic box' #lost #lost
After a nervous couple of days test results now confirm my life will be no different whatsoever as the result of two actors divorcing, phew!
Don't you feel embarrassed at all that your country answers to a country literally opposite of the world from yours?
Headed to MDW w/ layover in SLC. Got off for food. Wrong move. Bailed on my food &amp; barely made it. @SouthwestAir #WannaGetAway #Contest #sad #wannagetaway #contest #sad
They fully divorced? I thought they were just separated for now
It’s okay bro saints about to beat them 41-3 next week lmao don’t worry
Wow, that's quite a depressing article. I agree with points being made, but slow down with the doom and gloom.
"Fascist criticizes another fascist." Not much to see here.
I’ll agree with you on that, I think it would fit well on someone’s forearm!
It would be that much in the States too but, subsidized. Edit: not sure about the down votes.
Yay the same out of touch old people cycling thru the same positions. I can't wait to see the changes they bring/s.
Why are you comparing third world countries to a first world one? This speaks volume about the lack of a proper argument.
Welcome folks, what’s going on in Ottawa?
@gerfingerpoken #rage?? The #CrookedCourt said #rage MANY times to explain away the brutal killings of #Petits by #Hayes &amp; #Komisarjevsky #rage #crookedcourt #rage #petits #hayes #komisarjevsky
Is [NAME] back on his meds? This is really calm by his normal standards.
You better go to a church tomorrow and repent..also, tell the Pastor what happened. I am serious.
If we made him stop once we can do it again!
We’re honestly not doing that bad besides [NAME]. Clear pen, unlucky. Let’s hope for the best in the second half
You're one unusual table, dude. Edit: Have you ever tried testing your hormone levels?
Get to work and there's a fire drill. #fire  #outthere #inthedark #fire #outthere #inthedark
Ice at the office sounds like such a luxury to me! I wish!
Love Mac n Gold
Ice Cream or Tacos for me. Or the best of both worlds.... a ChocoTaco!
If you don’t want to debate, don’t reply to the comments. That starts the debate.
Hope I sleep - no nightmare of Bakewell tarts #yuk  #GBBO #yuk #gbbo
Love being made to feel bad about being scared of the dark
AP can tell them to leave, and then call the cops if they don't. Soliciting/begging is not allowed on Target property.
Where is he spewing hate? I follow him on twitter and have never seen him say anything hateful unless you consider criticism of [RELIGION] hateful.
@alyssasimpson21 I gave up KENDRICK LAMAR to eat barbecue with him.
For the last 2 years the U.S. has been averaging about 4 terrorist attacks a month. Good debate topic. #Trump #Hillary #terror #trump #hillary #terror
Hey mods... let's not allow articles pushing unsubstantiated rumour from poor sources
At least you went out! For what it's worth, I definitely would have gone out with you if you were near me.
Or the long con. My Dad guilted me into taking care of my Grandmother for her.
I really appreciate this perspective, man.
Why delete it. It's relatable, never be shamed of what you're going through.
And in those dominion game, everyone clapped. And [NAME] was there.
there's a lot of lol revs people whenever [NAME] tweets something like this
Ducks just happy. Hadn’t had a shit for days
Sounds like they’re not responsible and shouldn’t have the right to have these.
Globalism is cancer, long live the sovereign nation!
I'm glad we agree.
Good [NAME].
Lol I’m sorry for your dogs ears
As a [NAME], I resent the twilight comment.
I have even gotten to have sex with women who were fellow comics nerds and also hated what movies have done to [NAME] stories!
I'm so jealous. I'm in NYC for a year and the lack of King Cake is giving me actual depression.
As a whole, yes, if it wasn't for Classified being the greatest thing to come to zombies since bo1, then I'd have to agree.
The whole time i couldn't see because my toes were blocking my view.
Taking a 2-0 in any WTA match is asking for a heart attack. Not necessarily bad though.
Yeah thank you you ungrateful bast.....
What I don’t get is — why target people from one region? Isn’t the cause unclear? Can the government not tolerate any questioning?
Well. I’m sick and slept through the game, that wasn’t the result I expected to wake up to lmao. What happened?
Let's be real, [NAME] is coming back.
This is solid advice.
Thanks for confirming ☺!
15 minutes of yoga to your breakfast routine will change your day #preparation #sunriseyoga #bodyawareness #health #yoga #smile #stretch #preparation #sunriseyoga #bodyawareness #health #yoga #smile #stretch
I mean I'm mad at him for posting that, but that's just because I'm jealous of that P7
I just want to go home for New Year. Though my county’s low-risk, they treat the whole city as high-risk—mandatory isolation. The state forbids “one-size-fits-all,” yet that’s exactly what’s happening. I miss home, but it fears me like plague. Heartbreaking.
Did not expect it to work with a body on it..
It's just a really good impression. The actual voice is a bit deeper.
Every government in the world charges these fees. Welcome to the real world.
Shh don't spoil it for us
Lol! Believe me I get it! Hell, even 11:00 might be pushing it ;-)
Have faith.
this is why I have backups off site that they’ll never find...try as they will they will never disarm me
its ok i understood
Don't do #4 it's bullshit #4
[NAME] sorry it was rude not to @ you lol
I live in southern Ohio and my WV based phlebotomist was literally was just telling me about this today,
We'll get em next time, Fox.
@IndigoHawthorne Then u understand that rage is often not pretty, or controlled or rational - it is often visceral-not always logical.
Not a bit. There is zero chance. So everyone should stop squawking about it.
Wow, who can afford this one?
So do you think the court ruling to release the money to them is fake or something?
HIPAA doesn’t care if you take insurance or not with respect to the privacy rule or the security rule.
I would no longer be antinatalist, but I would still be childfree.
It seems like that’s what a lot of people are expecting.
Does he report it to the police? I didn't see that part. I believe him. Stranger things have happened.
I immediately realized what had happened and tried to cover it up by gasping.
Guns == Katanas. People need to recognize this so gun obsession stops being 'cool' with virgins.
Bad angle, but ya got good features and clear skin, pretty gud
Loooool I didn’t know that it’s ridiculous
He's both. An edgy neckbeard skinny fat, but he is undeniably funny.
Can we ban this person? Post history is sketch. Thanks in advance!
Thank you. Apparently simply stating "it's from a comic called "supply side Jesus" wasn't pedantic enough for that guy.
My arms only seem small because my love handles are so big
Just curious, people keep saying fire [NAME]. And then what?
Woohoo! He is motivated and awesome!
Haven't been able to watch tonight and just saw the score. What is happening?!
> Thank you president [NAME] for providing us with meme material that will last a week! I think you mean 5 more years.
He apparently is staying in DC while being treated, so that's a better sign than some others.
I’m concerned this story does not have a definitive conclusion
I've been here too long. My first response was: "I imagined worse."
Story of my life
That is amazing!
Lmao!!!! Oh this is too good.
Think Val might be going this week. I'll have to take the rest of the week off work to mourn. I'm sure they'll understand. #GBBO #gbbo
Hahahah what a horrific penalty from bayer. 5 feet wide. Jesus
*10 minutes of awkward roleplay*
Decent idea [NAME] have an analog shot to see what to do...
Probably, but fuck Reddit then. Personal safety is up to the person, not public opinion.
> we should ally with them in organization for change lol good luck with that
I haven't confirmed this, but apparently, [NAME] said his trilogy fight with [NAME] sucked because he had an inflamed vagina.
Have you told him you aren't 100% ok with it? It sounds like you're regretting this decision.
He fully woke up, sat up and said "Turn on the light, it's here watching us.
Clickin’ it!
Ooh sorry, I didn't reread the article. I just remembered seeing it on Instagram. I'll add an edit
Gotta love how "QUESTIONING" is front and center in the list of things these warriors for [NAME] consider brainwashing.
So cringy and desperate
Both. lol
I would do it but honestly I don't have any other [RELIGION] friends.
The moon can.
[NAME] is going to hit [NAME] again at some point isn't it.
This is going to end badly for him
I'm laughing because this exact thing happened to me.
My same thoughts! Post this there and see what options you have! That is unbelieveable your dad would do that!
I had smoothies in the past with these packets. Solid as fuck. Dragonfruit one too.
To be fair, it is worse than staying in the EU, but good grief it's better than a no deal.
Had she gone into the left shoulder before braking she may have had a chance.
In hey now your a keemstar he criticises keemstar front doing "Racist homophobic hate speech rants"
That beat is mad smooth
It's a wonderful thing to be able to start your day with laughter.
Thanks for sharing your story. I hope you are doing okay now.
Bet they're like 12 lol
well we tried hard. good effort boys!
That's really interesting. How come?
Okay, diet is important that's true. Do you take any medication? Do you have a psychiatrist or doctor who you see for your mental health?
Ah, this may explain all the untimely heart attack deaths we hear about for those who opposed the state or whatnot
I wanted to see him show out over Kemba.
i feel betrayed by the community
[NAME] will get injured after today or in the next one or two matches. Death, taxes and [NAME] injury.
Na, he has a real chance! ;)
Happy New Year everyone!
The third picture is creepy.
Thanks for sharing. You could definitely post some of your other tales.
I've been putting off scheduling a dental appointment for a week because of this, I'm just too anxious to pick up the phone and dial.
At least he didn't throw them at someone.
It goes a long way to explaining American mental health issues. Have you ever bothered to read anything?
That's wonderful! As you're learning to accept and love yourself as you are, so will your followers! Don't give up and good luck!
Happy real life cake day my dude :)
horrid having a car n no liscence
@nickb88 @Buster_ESPN pine rider
That's great to hear, we need more Maki lovers
Theyve substituted the hood for a badge and gun.' Public opinion is indictment of Charlotte police. #dark #sadtimes #america #race #dark #sadtimes #america #race
#PLAY [NAME] I miss that :( baseball plz come back #play
A liar an a bully for president? They say every vote matter , well  I'm sorry you'll not get my vote until the year 2020
You're welcome, eh
FWIW, it didn't work for me on Safari yesterday, but it was during [NAME] time so perhaps Apple was doing me a solid
You can read the report she was pretty busted up. You can restrain a woman without leaving her bruised up.
For us to be able to do that now, they would proably make us pay for it.
Been off since November 29th. I would rather be working and making money. Home gets boring
There is a bud superhighway called Interstate 80 that connects PA to CO.
Technology is amazing. Now we can SEE how new plagues start. Just incredible.
It feels oddly comforting and familiar that we suck at hockey again.
Plot twist: she didn’t turn on any water, just pissed in their hands
Among relatives it’s all fake niceties — praising you to your face, secretly hoping you fail. In this world, aside from parents, everyone else is just pretending.
If my luck the rest of Fall goes anything like today, I think I'm going to like this season. #bestdayever #magic #work  #bestdayever #magic #work
I'm sorry you needed to add this. I thought your humour was pretty obvious, but this is reddit....
This is my favourite game of all time and I miss it dearly. I made most of my best friends playing this game.
So she goes to her little boy instead of doctor, I hope?...
Is that hurting..? [Features get a tad somber while attempting to sense @MischievousTyke's temperature]
but throughout that entire thing I was shaking rlly bad and my heart was racing and I was almost in tears lmao (thanks mr.*****)
Equally, or better - local example: greedy [NAME]. You just know that if his company was adept at tax avoidance, he does the same.
He's already 23. May as well go for [NAME] who has better stats.
Ik these are great!
Nah but as a governor how do you call someone a bum &amp; that you love calls from 'communist in Montclair' ? 😂 #crying #crying
you dont have to believe me
> Waaah the reward I get for being a decent human being isn’t good enough.
Yeah thats exactly what I said. Im too weak to do it.
[NAME] will probably get offers from other teams, he may not even be a [NAME] next year.
“Malicious” for asking wages, “malicious” for returning — stop labeling! Then can we call you “malicious managers”? You serve the people, not fight them — remember that!
We love you here.
I miss big daddy buff
[NAME] help us, if that's what she's saying about Catholicism 101 stuff, I shudder to think what other terrible information she's putting out
Plot twist, they're all looking at a mirror because everyone there is a beautiful student
He made it !!!
Doctor is Spy! ~Grunt, too late.
we definitely don't need more people on this overcrowded planet.
There was no need to crap on this guys feelings but you decided to anyway. At least you did the right thing a helped him dodge a bullet.
@FaithHill I remember it well #happy  #Positive #happy #positive
> no child should go without needed medical care. Or adult.
@NewsByKatherine @jonkarl @ABC YOU GUY'S SOUND astounded!! Does anyone working w Trump WH have an any ethical,moral, values? 🙈🙉🙊
Don’t fall for it.
I liked the charlie one more.
Now you'll be more cautious of that in the future. Lessons were learned today son.
Much better thanks hun !
DuDE -- I aLMOst HAd yoU!!
Why’d you say latrice fan but then switch to stan with [NAME]? Just curious not Coming for you
Eh... that depends. If I knew the customer then I would, if not then probably not.
I mean retirement age was set at 65 because it *was* the average age people died. Living beyond retirement was never supposed to be a guaranteed plan.
Good luck with writing in the future :D Everyone has to have their critics...right?
Ah does look fun
That's a good idea, I'm going to have to make some room! Thank you.
U can still pour it out the lock holes. Hook it up
It has its moments, that's for sure.
I’ve been dreaming in rdr2 several nights. Not a bad thing though. I must have a lot to process
Seeing huge or really full  backpacks on people fills me with anxiety
No but I will now. Thanks!
you guys got hate in your heart
oh of course they were playing as nix
Yes, that was when I learned! I had so many questions.
Change your mindset to not expect anything in return, if they do great if not...their loss
Omg this is awesome. What a witch, I’m so glad they escorted her out.
Just because I'm hurting \nDoesn't mean I'm hurt \nDoesn't mean I didn't get \nWhat I deserved \nNo better and no worse #lost  @coldplay #lost
Well I get annoyed when they dont, because I'm always the one to answer within 30 seconds.
An interesting point but do you know where Auto-trader were told the van would be when the photo shoot was booked. That may well explain your point.
Oh [NAME] if you ever burn anything you will never live it down.
Police Officers....should NOT have the right to just 'shoot' human beings without provocation. It's wrong.\n\n@ORConservative @MichaelaAngelaD
Are there any Veracruz fans in the sub?
i curse you
[NAME] wrote a really technical and really awesome article in the Athletic about this game. Holy shit haha worth reading if you are a ball nerd.
i’d totally prefer an unmatch than a “thought you were cute til I saw your full body shot”
Oh cool. Did everything else that got listed not happen either?
My daughter attempted in November of 2012. She also still struggles. Glad you’re BOTH still alive!
The hand returned, a welcoming gesture, an unwelcome sensation.
Is lab meat already available or are you guys referring to vegan burgers?
Or take FETO, most of those purged probably never did a single wrong thing in their life What?
It ruined me, too. D:
Damn, [NAME] really moved up in the world after her breakup with plankton. Good on her!
My office has very few personal offices. Its awful. Managers need closed spaces so they can talk without everybody hearing
I don't know how I feel about this. There's the story going around that [NAME] turned into a diva once he got paid.
Tribe member? They aren't native so that's annoying. To me, because I am.
This is like aliens coming to this planet, taking you in as a pet, then surrounding you with mannequins. I’d be freaked out too.
It's amazing how polar opposite [NAME] is from Thibs
I found the love of my life at 35. There's plenty of time.
100% this is enough to make me want to watch
Most likely cuz it’s an addiction to dopamine
You might also like /r/grandpajoehate
Let's hope that they don't miss, huh?
just read to chapter 216 and im heartbroken i hope they fix this...
What a fucking idiot lol
*gasp!*
i feel we can all relate
I'm actually scared to find out what kind of thing you could get for breakfast there. I won't check.
Are you [NAME]? Haha Kidding but shouldn’t feel that way, you tried it and now try to look for something that will keep you going.
I agree it's nonsense. Race, as a biological entity, doesn't exist.
FYI: Time in Europe works the same as in the State. We do not have 'weird time'
This person is being a killjoy but there is a difference between being a killjoy and acting smart.
Yeah i didn’t say i had the answers. I’m just hoping for the best
So? Sometimes it feels good to be petty, especially when it comes to an ex
Okay, gotcha. Does your wife have a lot of stress and anxiety from her job, or just in general?
I had never heard of chonky either till today
That’s an insult to special needs people everywhere.
[NAME] IS STILL THE ONLY QB IN THE NFC NORTH WITH A PLAYOFF WIN!
Holy crap! I want to hear this story!
Baths, especially after the gym. Fresh flowers in the apt. Emotions are pretty cool too.
"in2" Is this a time saver over "into"? This reporter says no.
You guys don't know what you're doing to me
bless. wish you more beautiful days ahead!
You can't stop [NAME], you can only hope to contain him
The situation’s serious—quarantine for high-risk returnees is needed, but the local official’s words were really inappropriate.
Just. Buy. A. Table. It’s got to be less work than... this monstrosity.
Oh, a crow... Doh!
Salaam, these thoughts happen. It is the shaitan trying to divert you from the path. May [NAME] grant you patience and the steadfastness to protect yourself.
I upvoted this comment because I'm a dumbass snarkball who doesn't know how anything works.
I watched her live her mid-life, raise her children and then grow old.
ITT: “lol buzzfeed” even though Buzzfeed News is a completely different entity
agree with the messaging but such a cringe video
I want to see him succeed. Mostly because his last name makes me think of the bad guy from Shrek
As they walked up to the cross walk, they were horsing around.
I bloody hate L3-37's name. it's literally L337. How much stupider can a droid name get.
I know right?! My parents are extremely proud & grateful they don't have to help me pay debt.
Her hair is beautiful! I have high hopes for her staying clean and on the right path.
Works perfect for me. I play Melee, F Zero, Kirby Air Ride, Mario Sunshine and they all look great with no noticable lag.
No, instant transmission is only to places you've been and people you know
[NAME] BREAK THE GAME. WHY HAVE YOU GIVEN ALL THE KILLERS A FUCKTON OF THEM. ITS SO DAMN STUPID.
did not know she speaks fluent Ukrainian.
Not to mention that the automation is meaningless if the economy that supports it has collapsed due to rampant poverty and unemployment.
So true it hurts.
I'm so uncomfortable.
Forget 20/10, [NAME] all about that 10/20.
As someone who has lived his entire life in the tropics, I can't even begin to imagine what those kinds of temperatures are like.
@LuluLemonLime83 wow , your right they do need help,so what I'm getting from the Laureliver fandom and bitter comic fandom and
Having a child has only strengthened my views on abortion rights.
When I need to skin an alligator they cease to exist but when I'm escaping I hear the alligators yell "WELCOME TO THRASHTOWN, POPULATION YOU"
Yeeeaaaah, move out and keep showing off the clam.
But one criminal shoot from gun to my hand.
#GBBO can cheer me up ☺️ #gbbo
Surprised Greece doesn’t see [NAME] as their own. I mean he’s not from Greece but still Greek.
This is nightmare fuel
Recently changed to @firstdirect and its the worst service I've ever encountered nearly require DNA to access anything. #awful 😩😩😩 #awful
For example, I think this picture of [NAME] character from southpark) is soooo cute
Monero enthusiast here. Make me happy and call me a liar again.
Ladies and gentlemen\nAfter the tremendous success of #PanamaLeaks\nNow presenting #BahamasLeaks 😂 #panamaleaks #bahamasleaks
Looks like he's tired of your dad-jokes. Lol
I don’t care what anyone says. Party pizzas are the best frozen pizza you can get. Still mad about them being square now, though.
John Oliver is a fucking liberal pig.
@carras16 still bright ✨
Sure let's leave a bomb outside a [RELIGION] secondary school, that'll show the [NAME]!
@grahnort wonderful experience watching you yesterday at. @BBCLetItShine thankyou for the
I must go, my people need me
Hire the best prostitute you can afford dude
Great to see [NAME] back on the court
Bare videos online but does anyone get rehabilitated? Does anyone actually get help for their affliction? Or do we jut get twitter videos.
Do you ever get extremely inspired at night, make plans and then wake up with no drive at all? Or is this just a general thing?
Before all of the BS lol
[NAME] is already gone and he knows it. No way he’s re-elected.
Totally here for [NAME] and [NAME] boxing [NAME] in before he even announces
Surprise! That fat woman you see on the bus every day is actually this generation's [NAME].
That'll make it too easy.
37 and together 12 years. 11 yo kiddo. Thanks for the tip. You're right.
Still #devastated and #sad #Tariq's #TariqLive channel is no more and #ProfessorBlackTruth as well. #YouTubeFAIL #EpicFAIL! #TariqNasheed 😢 #devastated #sad #tariq #tariqlive #professorblacktruth #youtubefail #epicfail #tariqnasheed
You’re killin me smalls. Hilarious.
Keep a steady hand, don’t erase too much, and draw an outline. Don’t start on details until after.
[NAME] is vastly overrated. Much bette4 [RELIGION] delis in the outer Burroughs
Good. The US is behaving shamefully, the least Canada can do is to try and pick up a little of the slack.
Serious question. Can I be you
Preach. The nuthuggers and happy go lucky blind sheep if the front office are nowhere to be found. So disappointed in this team.
Once you get to great great the odds go down for unique male ancestors though.
I'm afraid if I have a awful time or something like that I'm going to get worse..
Funny because I only owe 20k... I guess no one told these kids community college exists.
Huh that guy seems cool, they'd probably lop his head off.
fuck atheist countries
Yes Will do thanks alot!!
Oh good grief! Put it away, [NAME].
Might do that, thank you!
I literally didn’t but ok
No wonder RemindMeBot defaulted to one day :P
[NAME] and [NAME] are my favorite gay couple
If we win
The last statement just seemed like a bit of a jibe.
IANL I have never thought twice about doing a little extra shoveling to help a neighbor. Can't imagine that it could be illegal.
[NAME] it’s ok the trumpet player can’t hurt you anymore
eh, it has its ups and downs.
I truly wonder—what trauma made you like this? Divorce? Childhood abuse? Why can’t you choose a normal life—why be best friends with a murderer?
@jshayevitz @Israel is a #bully worse than #hitler a #demon under #human guise.. its the cause of all #MiddleEast problems! #bully #hitler #demon #human #middleeast
@tomsteinfort expected i thought
The railway said they’re a service industry, can’t enforce mask rules. What a weak excuse. If a Chinese passenger went maskless on a train, see what happens.
And it’s not like he was a bad coach. We’ve been spoiled from all our great seasons.
Finally have all my braces on and I can't stop smiling 😊😊😊😊😊
I appreciate your honesty.
[NAME], WHY?!?
their is a differences between losing and being embarrassed
do people actually dislike space cop or is that a meme?
@duncantrussell does Remo Williams ever actually 'save' anyone or does he just sulk around killing random undesirables ?
Welcome back :D
@JogglingDroid @BrancoCarmine @Otto_English yeah, #UK was quite the #bully #uk #bully
Haha, why are you still thinking about that? That's super weird.
Hahha i agree but i still want him to say sorry.
I swear people just want to be angry
Honestly [NAME] is the best character on the show and the main reason it's worth watching, especially the later seasons.
Reading your sorrow, your joy, your soaring thoughts, I feel the faint melancholy in my own heart. This is empathy — or the same longing and wistfulness as yours. Good morning, Zixiao.
My name is John Locke and you can't tell me what I can and can't do #lost #アニメ #lost #アニメ
Now, we just gotta get it home.
Someone in our group has chronic illness and pneumonia. During New Year, her mother held rituals at home, burning talismans and incense everywhere—smoked herself to tears, claiming it expelled evil spirits.
I’m with you, like shouldn’t we call someone or make sure this was followed up on? This poor guy.
Try it sometime man. You may just enjoy it
I respect your laziness.
This is really disgusting, the 4x4 community is one of the nicest around, Shame that a few c*nts gotta do shit like this.
[NAME] what do you do with his underwEAR
well, they never said anything about curing her...
It's called a fullstop in England. My fucking immersion in this meme is ruined.
Gonna be a loooooong year as a Browns fan. Longer than normal and that's #sad #sad
Oh I see!
I wonder if the insurance company would go after the gun range or just drop the homeowner because they obviously lived in an unsafe area.
Most mornings, I was hardly able to move my neck at all until after I'd spent a good 15 minutes letting really hot water pound down on it in the shower.
Sorry, wrong comment train. Just gonna sneak right by ya there.
Sorry don’t follow you.
#Hudcomedy #AdamRowe  #insult Slutfaceshlongnugget #hudcomedy #adamrowe #insult
Great, good to hear he was positive, so to speak, about it.
I supported a third party lunatic. Huge difference.
Tsinghua Academy of Fine Arts put on a “slanted-eye” fashion show to cater to Western stereotypes of Chinese people. Coconut Palm Juice had a livestream with dancing girls in high collars up to their chins — and got accused of vulgarity. So having a good figure is vulgar, but slanted eyes are elegant? So absurd, I don’t get it.
It was totally worth it.
I see you utilized it. 3.5? Sad.
You okay, buddy?
@TheAlexValle Tio Valle, please! WNF grudge match @Anti with Low Tier God!!!
Grizzly bear is a type of brown bear.
Both. I have a feeling that broth was ruined a long time ago, in a footballers bedroom not so far away.
Doing well? Non-restricted areas suspended transport, no government notice for remote work, I have to taxi to the office, and the subdistrict office won’t even answer calls.
Yeah but shortly after got disinterested so i broke it to her lol
I’ve been abused enough by the Knicks today.
I had the same thought also.
In about 45 minutes I get to go have a camera stuck down my throat to confirm the existance of the ulcer.All that and we are supposed to leave a week from today and fly to CO..
I guess when you marry as a virgin, you don't know what you're missing out on.
Alternately, the stock price is overvalued and heavily shorted.* Plenty of people make money any time it falls. * Last time I checked.
Hey @AppleSupport - how do I find my play history on new #ios10 #appleMusic #music #lost #ios10 #applemusic #music #lost
I suppose all the other [NAME] dont count as competition
I'm sorry, I'm new. Included the TL;DR and age alrdy. Thank you!
Really.....#Jumanji 2....w/ The Rock, Jack Black, and Kevin Hart...are you kidding me! WTF! #ThisIsATerribleIdea  #jumanji #thisisaterribleidea
It's interesting that they don't know to take the handset off the hook before dialing.
I love the holiday overlay for The Haunted Mansion.
LMao what kinda stupid ass rule is that?
The word ‘rap’ was created by a guy who couldn’t pronounce his C’s. Fact.
I'm not afraid of clowns but I'm really hoping they don't make an appearance around my hometown.
I don't blame you. It was a long post. Thanks for your time.
Why are all these links "np" links?
If you #invest in my new #film I will stop asking you to invest in my new film. #concessions #crime #despair #shortsightedness #celebrities #invest #film #concessions #crime #despair #shortsightedness #celebrities
I second that. A broader mobilization and awareness would go a long way.
u the type of guy to still defend [NAME] even after the flashbacks arent ya
Nice one comrade
If they actually have more evidence that he was deeper than originally suspected, then I have no sympathy.
Chills. I can’t wait. I’m sure [NAME] will get over this not being happy because they have bigger fish to fry.
Said to my very white-looking brunette coworker once: "Are you an oriental?"
Hope your friend is okay.
@NHLexpertpicks @usahockey USA was embarrassing to watch. When was the last time you guys won a game..? #horrible #joke #horrible #joke
The TV anime series is, at least, atrociously bad and stupid. Is full of deus ex and silly cliffhangers.
Heart breaking* sorry haha
#OneSimpleChange: Drink sparkling water instead of soft drinks to steer clear of fructose while still getting a refreshing carbonation kick. #onesimplechange
"Oh my [NAME] who is he? I get drunk on jealousy" -[NAME]-
I agree, it was approaching my bedtime but will do so today, thank you.
That cut to [NAME] looking at the camera was hilarious.
Yeah I don’t even know when that would’ve come up in basic, but maybe I just went at a bad time lmao.
WAIT...Lawrence's friend dragged the fuck outta him!!
Bring them into your home, feed them, love them and have a sign made that says "cat sanctuary" and hang it above your front door.
Stop bothering them! Isn’t it annoying to tease animals nonstop? Even humans would snap—why not monkeys? Wouldn’t you want to hit back too?
@residentadvisor thanks for getting back to me, exemplary customer service for a loyal customer #jk  #residentadvisor #poorservice #jk #residentadvisor #poorservice
I will have nothing to do with this specter, who selectively appears to individuals and abandons others. No better than a cruel warlord.
I live for this comment 🙌🏻 i just thought it was me getting older and losing touch with whats “trendy” but am glad its equally hated
He’s 30 freaking years old and is scared of managing a bank account. *eyeroll*
While I agree with my political views could be of the top of my least favorites and [NAME] weren't ruined by the pic.
Hey, quick question how do you add tournament points to your Reddit flair?
and i will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers
Ok but you're still arguing against specific religions not the existence of some type of [NAME], which it almost sounds like you admit could exist
Doubt this guy is natty
If it’s so in demands why are you posting that you can only get unpaid internships
I'm afraid you have your terms mixed up -
A year later the store closed because they don't know how markets work
i choose alcohol. not recommended and ofc doesnt help to overcome anxiety, it just reduces its symptoms for a while...
Lmao “now everyone *has* a job”
I tried Skelth, it's pretty old and feels like not too active anymore.
Safe to say we’re out of adjectives for him now
When America decides to care that they aren’t paying one of the military branches. Which will be never.
It's riskier to take on bad contracts right now
Reading this reminds me of the witch hunt scene in Holy Grail. Thanks Daily Beast!
you're a true hero
> N.E.R.D. & [NAME] - Lemon > omg this came out in 2018?
They then went to a piano concert together. This conflict is amazing in it's twists and turns.
Never seen an abandoned piss trolley at a bus stop in Armadale ever
True — without our parents’ generation, many of us no longer visit others. Even during New Year, we only meet those we already hang out with.
@HillaryClinton Yeah U gotta make them HEEL. I know U need their votes so U have to wait. But when U LOSE-they're really in for your wrath !
I'm curious, too.
Really? I live down the street from there, thanks!!!
Imagine being upset over who someone loves.
You people really overestimate how much welfare actually covers. You act like one child is making six figures and giving their entire family an MTV Cribs lifestyle.
Only children are scared to take trains by themselves ...oh wait.
You’re being bullied. Leave.
Sorry dude. I’m pretty new here. Wasn’t sure I had to do that. My bad. 😢
> you've absolutely just generically described absolutely everywhere and not just Scotland. Nope, just the difference between scotland and sussex is staggering.
Just got back,amd I realized that The Ducks are getting clutterfuckedd
ELABORATE plz!!!!
Today on someone flamed me in chat
No we just want to make sure that it doesn't happen. Fairly large difference.
You were really fortunate! See, that’s what I imagined would happen...
How cute, the JV players are fighting
Ok cool but where can you study Old Norse? That seems like exactly the type of useless but cool skill I’d love to have.
then this foul stench hits my nose, like someone had taken a shit in a pair of socks and then worn them for a week straight.
Interesting. So people get their cars repossessed and not arrested because ...?
...except it really IS "maybe next year."
Man lucky guy i just wish it could have been me. I could do the same but different of course. Let me Know
Lol always a creepy mike
pro tip they go in the hole better if you chop em up first
>very creepy horror-themed Very accurate description and only from a few second piece of an audio recording
I automatically love anyone who votes for best underrated boy [NAME].
Funny how [NAME] only lies when you want him too,amazing.
I feel like I just saw this in a meme...
Fuck that its not my money they're giving him. I want a goalie with a .970 sv% dangnabbit.
Incredibly stupid if they are caving to the anti-gun rights lobby! Not like [NAME] are big fans of gas-guzzling monster trucks...
I am a young teenager and can’t drive. Plus my mom would not take me to their places even if they were doing something.
I need a 🍱sushi date🍙 @AnzalduaG 🍝an olive guarded date🧀 @lexiereid369 and a 👊🏼Rockys date🍕
the Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace. Numbers 6:26 #truth #trust #promise #calm #justice #great #mighty #protected  #truth #trust #promise #calm #justice #great #mighty #protected
I wanted to leave, but relatives, feeling superior, spew hurtful words “for my own good.” I’m not going back next year.
Just as a curiosity I wonder what [NAME] would offer for someone like him in light of their desperation at forward.
Me when I distract the last zombie so my friends can work on the Easter egg without starting the next wave
“It is where the heart longs, and what the soul forever treasures.”
i would just like you to know that even though that dipshit didnt read what you wrote, i did, and i appreciate it. very good post.
The judge wasn’t impartial as decided by the appeal court. The judge needs to be schooled.
You don't know the lawyers I know and the judges I know. Law depends entirely on who you talk to.
I thought it was pretty hype.
Thank you, how epic is your curl?
[NAME] was selfish as hell. Stop with the revisionist history bs
Nothing but fine grey and tan sand as far as my eyes could see.
Sorry buddy I think that one is permanently dead. :(
That mustache looks like it smells.
Hoping. Regardless, its true.
Well banano is pretty memeorable
That official’s conduct is vile. One phrase, “malicious return home,” chills the hearts of migrants, chills patriotism, and chills the Chinese Dream—long-term, it harms the nation.
It doesn’t get better than that
Not the most unnerving feeling, but the most prominent event in my mind is as follows:
@OrbsOfJoy plan a date... like a date u find pleasing or smth. fuckign\n\n10/10. because the child will grow to be a ten out of ten
I got banned on an old account for no discernible reason months after I had last posted there.
Let's say for a moment that this was true. How does that get us the truth more often, and more reliably, than science?
The dress was trailer trash appropriate. Did he just run out of money for a good dress? I mean, $300 BLACK UNDIES.
But come on babe, you know you want me babe...l.o.l. JK Babe ;)
is a really nice resource i found while trying to find out how to write my first non-new grad resume. Hope it helps!
I second that
[NAME], He's got the name that you'd love to touch...
gotchu lol, in that case sorry you got downvoted to hell for this lol
We need more people like you. We need a batman who specifically harasses fat people.
It’s a shame that the name of the man doing the kicking is lost to history.
@swagalini ive been through the denial and anger i am in pure acceptance
Idk why but when I help someone,  a smile comes on my lips.\n\n#thatisall #ieverwant #noneeds #justyou #love #peace #smiling #faces #kindness #ieverwant #noneeds #justyou #love #peace #smiling #faces #kindness
Lucky for me nothing just broke!
Grandmother got into an accident many years ago, and walked away with broken ribs.... it took her a couple years before she found out
Minimalist aesthetic stuff that doesn’t look goofy.
@AskPS_UK not received verification email, asked for it to be resent 5 times still nothing.
Noooo. I seriously did not know that. Yes, mind blown.
TL;DR No more Superbowls for [NAME]. Get ready for another winning season that ends in disappointment.
You know what you’re right, not with risking my CC info. Good thing I was too lazy to do it right away.
wow i watch the video fews time and I'm still amazed
Bruhhh🙄why is Ar'mon so cute from @TheRealAandT . He just chill and ughhhhh😍😍😍😍. #attractive #whyamIsingle #Houston #attractive #whyamisingle #houston
I have a friend that had a stroke that left her paralyzed. Could this treatment be used inside her brain to recover the dead cells?
Bomb on your chest Do not try this at home
"Yeah but they're not violating *my* rights so it's okay"
Booping can be dangerous though.
Omg thank you for this Lol and the answer is obvious for [NAME], release Malicious Zangief who can teleport SPD and scowls really REALLY hard.
Grant me a fearless heart, yeah — nothing is insurmountable. Even if the sky falls, love remains. Only unresolved emotions tie you down. When the sun sets, lights still shine — see, the world isn’t bad 💚
I love it when kids shut down these tired lines we adults feed them. She probably needed that. Well done.
Yup. Btw, not Swedish, just experimenting with languages lmao
This one got me. 💀
Do people really use the phrase "my kid is poorly" to mean sick? The grammar in this post is really bothering me.
This should be the norm instead of the exception. Sadly the leaders in law enforcement are almost always more into politics than principles.
lol you're like a fucking child. "No you!" Thanks for the laugh man.
Don't do that. Only villains do that.
The Swiss military used pigeons until 1994. are cost-effective... Anyway, sounds like DHL is your best bet.
Good job! Next, I recommend going NO contact.
Wasn’t this exact same photo posted here not long ago?
Refrigerators? That's cool
I guess I dont see a difference between harassing someone and pretending to harass by actually harassing them. Their motivation or pre planning doesnt really change anything right?
Depending on your specs. Insurgency sandstorm is my go to game. Coop is also a blast.
Thank you - you may call me daddy.
So... I guess I'm the only one who thought she looked so much nicer after that trip to the salon?
Yeah that's not nearly as dramatic and aggressive as the ball in the above video.
I have no idea. That restaurant loves to put fried spaghettis everywhere.
I liked the edgy sexual attraction. It was intense and I was drunk on it.
i believe this is [NAME] from [NAME] on instagram!! her owners are so sweet
ya - but I think the question is about using infusions to treat acute pain; not about giving dissociative doses for procedures.
And the shit like "like for [NAME], Ignore for satan"
what does dw mean?
Happy cake day :)
@bldmovs sadly beautiful photo.
Great to hear!
This only pushes me closer to the void
Why the FUCK have i just saw a Game of Thrones spoiler on snapchat? SOME OF US HAVENT SAW IT YET 🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻 #arsehole #arsehole
Oof. This came really close to being endearing, but mostly just landed on uncomfortable
She look like any dude I use to battle rap with
Bro. We’ve been cursed since way before that.
The only time this movie should encourage blindfolds is when watching it. Then hopefully you won’t witness the giant plot holes and terrible ending.
Maybe its the picture but the fabric looks really bad
lol a milquetoast anarchist’s take on Marxism
I have mixed feelings about discovering aliens that are now 1.5 billion years more advanced than us.
You are a true hero
Cursed image.
Epic didn’t take the rights, Skybound chose to work with them. Blame Skybound not epic.
Apparently not successfully.
I like this response. I can’t give you gold but have some honorary gold.
Won't continue. But the positive thing is it's not on fire shooting. It's great ball movement.
[NAME] would have won MIchigan. He won the primary. It's hard to fathom but some of [NAME] voters ended up switching to 45
This is cute AF. For 5.00 - 10.00? That's not bad yo. Some people at fairs would pay for 25.00 for this.
You look Beautiful! Curls are wonderful!
I'm glad you have your kids, but have you seen Brooklyn 99 like the op stated? It's worth living for too.
So. He is such a premature ejaculator that he goes before someone can take a breath? That's just amazing.
Fake news [NAME] never slips
This is a serious question. Are you glad they told you?
Idk [NAME] is my vote bois
Got her game on.
This is obviously fake everyone knows the earth is actually a dinosaur shape
I believe so. Not 100% but safe to assume since they a USA based company
Relatedly, my legs are lean because I run away from my problems.
I would have liked this period to go differently.
Your pretty late, it was announced a while ago
Are you really Belgian cause I love it
Was feeling victimized that it was very cold in my apartment. Windows are drafty af!!!!
sorry fam, but this is a repost on this sub as well.
hahahaha. Love it
I drove to Alaska from Washington state a couple years ago in a tractor trailer. Those roads are already pretty "interesting".
no, $950 plus enhancements. but with enhancements mine is better than the white Arabian was.
Oh, gotcha. I have a friend with unipolar depression who does have memory issues, so yes, that can happen during depression too.
Can he teach them to run really really fast?
This just made me laugh loudly in public causing uncomfortable stares.
i heard that the flames from the fire were so hot, they literally burned the very wood the church was made of
Could you explain what you mean by "both sides" crap?
Steakspeare in Love
Getting terrible download speeds for fifa smh.
Yeah [NAME] is a pretty weird guy.
The saddest thing is you will never understand how absolutely idiotic what you just said is.
I mean there's a pretty big community of people that idolize school shooters and rapists so you never know on the internet.
Same outfit as the cute art school barista that works at my coffee shop
The grey shirt guy: "Oh shoot! I leave the stove on!"
i've got a lot of tokens saved up and i wanna spam the event song but my eyes sting im so tired
U guys are like match made in heaven ♥️♥️♥️
The 2019 NRL promo ad is a wrap!!
I know, it got all in the poor woman’s hair!
8 other justices?
I use them to lean against cause my lower back often hurts. But then again, any pillow could do that
i might have #hysteria ,i don't kno if it's just #anxiety or both,..need a diagnosis cuz somethin' is messed up,need ert bu i nvr come out #hysteria #anxiety
Gives me physical pain thanks
Well you came to the right place
Thank you. Yeah this makes sense too. I could be blaming myself more than I should
I see Barca fans saying [NAME] is better and I can't help but laugh.
Bravo! It's hard saying you need help, and sometimes even harder accepting it. So proud of you momma!
Loook all around youuuu. All throughout Nature is evidence of a creator and his love ❤️for us
I was wondering this too. Whatever it was it's over now.
an obvious joke
I preferred the old one that only made me want to gouge one eye out
[NAME] is phenomenal. It’ll be a sad day once he’s gone
If y'all didn't like OKC before, you hate 'em now.
Tasso. Heavily spiced.
shadaha and the faith in your heart is enough to be [NAME]. also dont forget to repent. welcome back!!
They were really supportive!
Correct! Unfortunately, we're looking for a bit more computing experience than knowing what site you're on. Thanks for your interest though.
She didn't hit any of the notes but I still love [NAME] so much.
At what time does this happen? I'm not going to watch a 5 minute showering video. OP clip this shit earlier
Wow i didn't really expect both the explosion and him to live
@CallumPinner you came in at silly o'clock and woke me up that's what happened #wasted #fuming #wasted #fuming
@Samkingftw ew omg that is so grim
Great company. I added it. Let me know if you have any
What’s this from? An aftershow or something?
Contact Blue Mammoth staff, they're usually pretty nice about this stuff.
Yes i hope things go well for them
The main reason I left is a hidden mmr used to influence matchmaking in a mode that requires a paid entry. That's disgusting
Trier [NAME] chemistry looking nice
I find it telling that a very known Russian media uses [NAME] as an exemple....
Follow me in instagram 1.0.7 #love #TagsForLikes #TFLers #tweegram #photooftheday #20likes #amazing #smile #follow4follow #like4like #look … #love #tagsforlikes #tflers #tweegram #photooftheday #20likes #amazing #smile #follow4follow #like4like #look
#AskAMan but this does not sound like a #serious issue, cause siyahleka the whole time, just having fun #askaman #serious
Wiggs stop that thing you do with your tongue man.
@hotelplanner I stayed at a hotel who  packed picnic lunches to take on the road!! #BetterTogether @Redlizzy1 @NewfieChic @Ladybug_Vic #bettertogether
@chencouture LMAO Is it that 'so slutty' hater girl? That video was hilarious. 😂
That’s amazing. I hope you feel this way for many many days.
@SkeletonsLock 'Pleased to meet you. You obviously know me,' offers her hand to shake.
Thanks alot [NAME] i will try to use these tips
They're a clear example of what can go wrong when you marry ANYONE you don't really know, regardless of where they're from.
Same, unfortunately. I can't count the number of times my mom lost me while shopping tho, so at least I'm improving?
I love her omg
You're right! I linked the wrong one. Thank
I didn’t rely on them necessarily. I just dislike chiefs and [NAME] lol
that would be so cool!!!!
This is absolutely lerfect, fantastic lunchpine.
Got the same pops! [NAME] a lot :) too bad I can barely play him, wish there was a Hwoarang pop
I lived across the street from it as a child. Used to swim in it as a kid...Ignorance is bliss.
@HytheHighborne -Sylvia was elated to receive kisses from the little prince, her bright smile clear as she glanced to Garrett and Elyse- --
He is just awful enough to do something like that.
Attempt to con the senate. This should continue to be entertaining
I played on the Wii and used Windows XP computers up until 2011 lol. The feeling of the 90’s died in 2001 but the pop-culture remained.
I'd be happy for them to take a shot at him, I think he's an excellent player and only getting better.
I was so sure that was [NAME]
I would like that.
@kerophibian depressing
> appreciation and celebrations From the sidebar: > For **anything** about the YouTube gaming channel Game Grumps
There are plans to widen Parmer during the next few years.
I just read this the other day for the first time since I was a kid. What an influential book.
I really liked his answer to the QB success question. The Tebow part was also unintentionally hilarious.
Her and her wise friend [NAME]
I took in a friend of mine and creating a vanity for her (she loves to do her makeup) is honestly one of my more cherished memories.
Not sure why you got downvoted so hard when everybody above is saying the same thing.
I love this sort of thing, reminds me of when my dad took me to the SW special edition when I was a little kid.
Get him back -- as in figure out what went wrong and see what you can do
Glad there's someone on here with a little sanity.
Mary astounded there at the concept of having leftover milk at the end of your cereal #GBBO #gbbo
Then the school had a special assembly to honor this hero and everyone clapped.
I never understood why the idea of always swinging pitches served to you on a plate seems radical.
They are saying they are ethnically [NAME], which is true. Nationality and ethnicity are not synonymous.
We stare at the monitor and see him head right to the kitchen utensils section.
Wait, WHAT?!?!
I guess. I respect the boots on the ground cops. They aren’t the ones coming up with these ridiculous policies.
I picked my head up, and the light coming through my window was far too bright, but I could still make out where my phone was.
Great deal! It will be my loss if I decline.
We are like the douchebusters!
You are a treasure. Please know how wonderful you are. Big hugs to you.
This is pretty worrying and makes me wonder why she can’t. That’s not normal.
Hmm... I don't think EPCOR is the reason the oilers suck
I'm pretty excited to see how [NAME] develops. Appears that he could be a decent enough player in the future.
[NAME] will be proud of people who share links from conspiracy websites in order to “defend” him. Hahahahaha
I can see Smileyboye receiving a [NAME] award a few years down the line.
Omg! An attentive parent actually teaching their children to safely handle guns! The horror!
Supposedly friend's wife is like this. I don't get it at all.
I couldn’t imagine putting a brand new car on these roads, let alone a Tesla.
I enjoyed the 1:50 seconds of this person going about their day uneventfully
Why is [NAME] still getting minutes? He is probably the worst player on this roster.
I wish. Its too tiny to see from up here.
I’m sorry to be that guy, but I don’t get it
What an interesting thread you referenced in your response!
Well it does appear to be a gold/bronze Cadillac. And I think I see a flat bill in the front seat.
No. This simply is not the case
Sounds pretty typical from Toyota really. Been hearing the same story from too many people. Sad really because they were always the best.
How can you be so stupid... it’s called climate change, there is so much research on it. It’s just blindly denying science..
the fuck? I would do it in a heart beat. ya'll nuts if you think [NAME] will draft any better than [NAME]
Let me remind you that I'm 5'6" and I still think all that thinking is ridiculous.
aye they buggin for no reason im just saying good job keep it up.
Welcome. We eat our own.
Damn furries. We don't have animal ears!
Large McDonalds fry 🙈
This almost makes me ashamed to be Irish. As we say here, “Scarlet for your ma for having you!”
do you think sanders will be back at 100% after a torn achilles?
Wow, this is my trashy goals in life. This woman is living out my dreams.
* [NAME] fought for freedom and glory, is one of my favorite characters in general.
Hey, I'm not saying it's autotune. I'm just fucking around. That long sample gave me a good opportunity to improvise.
I'm not but there's a difference between criticism and constant, unrelenting negativity.
LMFAO! Thank you but I was inquiring about the OTHER one.
This video is so very Polish.
So it's more of a power play than truly what she wants?
I just thought I would be remise if I did not engage with the subject.
Could he possibly have borderline personality disorder? The push-pull/don’t leave me, please go away vibe makes me think of that disorder.
You ever just be really irritated with someone u love it's like god damn ur makin me angry but I love u so I forgive u but I'm angry
Thanks dude, palms were very sweaty lol
Need context on this lol. I'm on a Uber rn to a bar so will be drinking right with you!
Yeah, I was like "man I love [NAME] so much but [NAME] is also amazing and good"
@MarkWontUseThis You'll pine for my love one day Crabbe
the young and the goal-less Thanks TSN, i hate it
@AliceT120 @shaney_waney1 @shaney_waney1 u horrible non gender binary boy go fangirl over some mediocre singers who CANT EVEN SUPPORT
Oh this is a brilliant idea!
Keeping [NAME] was a great decision. What are you even talking about!?
I think it’s impressive. It’s actually fairly difficult to be that slick for that long.
Excited? No. Sitting back with popcorn? You bet. Sorry, privilege of not living in the united States.
A dark heart sees a dark world. By that logic, we might as well stop making films altogether.
It developed because of my childhood and robbed me of a good bit of good stuff as an adult.
A bash that doesn’t guaranty anything? Isn’t that a bad thing I mean it’s one of the complaints of heard about lawbringers shove
This is kinda sad
@WestonKoury so leafy can roast the Pokemon go kid but not you what an outrage that just means that he is more relevant than y-I mean kisses
That's if you make the smallest payments possible, but if you just need to float a payment, then they will work.
[NAME] would be a disaster for the progressive movement. [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME], not much better.
Unemployed now re: those crummy health issues. So that probably helped.
Ugh. [NAME] is so naughty.
That’s a weird way of spelling Tobin.
Just woke up from one. Glad to know it's not just me. Hope you have a good return!
Themmuns have everywhere infiltrated so they do !
idk why, my eyes just got really watery and i felt really scared and felt so lost all of a sudden: /
I was expecting the surprise birthday, not seen this twist on the sister before.
I like this plan. Hope [NAME] and [NAME] do too.
> they hardly ever land shots on you. Welcome to console shooters.
He does look much better
GG. We played as best as we could. Utah just a better team.
“Do not fret if you are not cool! Humans who follow me, become instantly cool!” #Bot #bot
lol my mom once told me that alcohol can't be a drug because it's legal
Yeah it sort of sucks now.
Damn.. fell for that one
Now to get a new husband!
Also [NAME] raised money because so many of his subscribers are dumb enough to confuse an Indian company with the country of India.
Agreed haha.
Is it me, or is Ding wearing the look of a man who's just found his arch enemy in bed with his missus? #angryman  #angryman
The problem with starting off a political discussion like this is that noone's gonna take anything else you say after this seriously.
He looks fine. So does that 1911. He's just holding his girl's purse while she rummages through stuff. She's right next to him.
Best to end the CCP of China than to end the world
Was that before or after the Sulphuric Sphincter show?
I like Sao very much, bit not because of the game setting, for other reasons. The game itself sucks, tbh.
What about a meet tomorow night (saturday night jan 12th) its supposed to be nice, just let me know and ill swing on by. 👍
Sending you love ❤️
> He never actually said anything about spam He said in his video "Take this profile picture and spam comments like oh y y" on all videos
My friends were amazed none the less.
Be brave Star Wars fans. You've likely been analyzing RotJ wrong your entire life. OP has it all figured out. Amazing. I love you.
Even with an Android charger it won’t work—Type-C was co-developed by Apple and Intel; later Apple made Thunderbolt alone. Apple’s C port is Thunderbolt, not Android’s.
The #house no longer echoes with our #laughter. We light up our #memories of the #home and sit in the cold, #waiting. #amwriting #nostalgia #house #laughter #memories #home #waiting #amwriting #nostalgia
Its not exactly what I thought it was gonna be either, but its okay, there's a lot of food.
I love your collection and want to play with it! p.s. am 40
No, it makes it better.
A mistake in the relationship? Or a mistake with the person I chose?
Implying you didn’t cry over [NAME]
Lmboo , using my nephew for meme #hilarious #hilarious
Ah i wish i would’ve come across one! Just left though Unfortunately :( in Manchester now
[NAME] fucking dammit
@BouchetPetersen @libe @dom_albertini @DavidDoucet Imposuture intellectuelle ! #préjugés #intolérance #personnalitéAutoritaire #intimidation #préjugés #intolérance #personnalitéautoritaire #intimidation
“[NAME], have we got an offer for you!”
and how much time did it take?
Glad to hear it. Love Rapid City.
Namo Amitabha 🙏🙏🙏 May 2023 bring doubled wealth, peace, health, and all wishes come true 🙏🙏🙏
Please. Sorry.
I don’t get why people donate to her, but Jiang’s mother needn’t care where the money comes from — just get the full compensation. Overthinking just adds pain.
I'm phobic of needles and babies so that was NOT a picture I wanted to see.
Good meme, but unfortunately the pic is fake.
Thanks for blocking his face OP. Could have been bad.
Takes a lot of courage to admit they are autistic online. Nice to see you worked up the courage buddy!
I think we all are
K... I guess I'll just take your work for it.
I have to agree- amazon is hardcore. They'll permanently ban you without warning, for things that someone else fabricated. Or so I've heard.
Oh right I was for reason thinking it was just made out with. Sleep with is even better. Sleep with [NAME], [NAME]!
@UMA1R_ @bilalmahmooduk @Muslim_Scientst i do not offend your Faith unless 1 persecutes me, treat me like a dog, disrespect me and even so
When nobody can tell or force you to pay up, being in debt isnt so bad.
Care to elaborate?
That town is sadder than [NAME] town. I don’t remember it being anything besides rainy or gloomy in Ohio :( poor yonathan
If it’s a one hit kill like the regular crossbow, absolutely would be a fantastic crate weapon.
Why are you so angry?
I can’t understand — forcing someone to drink till they choke to death, even if not intentional, should be negligent homicide. Even so, shouldn’t be this light! Is life so cheap now? Aren’t the parents accomplices? Who still believes
Dude, an older woman will eat you for lunch and wonder who's handing her the toothpick and handling the entree order.
Yeah, I see you’re point. Thank you
Wow! This got far more real than I was anticipating.
I love that show, that theme song is my ringtone, I never thought I'd see that anywhere else haha
From rescued child to rescuer, finally a martyr. I just want to say—rescue work needs self-protection too, or the cost is too high.
True! I guess we all cheer for salt lake? Since they are directly affiliated with us.
No, I think you posted this in the right place. I get annoyed when people say what and what isn't antinatalist on this forum.
I saved up for a top hat recently and it turns out not to fit as I have a large skull. Thanks for your kind words.
Left the spasms behind long ago, we're now at full on convulsions
Nah, you should have just listened when I tried to warn you about fake
[NAME] I hate bad mondays at work! He needs to fiind a new job, this one is full of ”bad clients"...
Nice try Gillette
I think I found the rom somewhere, now I just gotta set it up. I hope I can manage to do that.
I'm not a real estate guy, but isn't it normal for rich people to buy nice houses in nice areas?
Clapping ~~for~~ at me. FTFY
Aw crap... Parents are my age now? Edit: What am I doing with my life?
“Start caring about Reddit downvotes” has to be the weirdest life advice I’ve received in years.
You didn't come here to debate. You came here to excuse abhorrent behavior.
Probably smashed his oil pan too, I'd give that car 3 miles to live.
His father is Lin Heping, the famous screenwriter of The Love of the Hawthorn Tree and Auntie Duohe, so he’s had far more chances than ordinary people — he just didn’t become famous. You can blame bad luck, but don’t claim you lacked opportunity.
Happy New year! 🤗
someone forgot to switch accounts
wE mODiFieD eiGHT viDEo CaRds tO fIt iN A SinGLe pciE sLoT /squeak Whoops, sorry, wrong [NAME].
Us as well, along with home
And that’s it? Then they’re a [NAME]?
I love [NAME], but we have better characters to trade for him. Leave [NAME] alone.
One of the best hats I own is a freebie from a Dallas Stars game. Not a Stars fan but shit it’s comfortable and fits well.
>he definitely doesn't value my pleasure this is very sad
Biggest #THREAT 2 #GLOBAL #STABILITY? #climatechange #food #water #security #terrorism #russia #war #trump #clinton #geopolitics #korea $vwo #threat #global #stability #climatechange #food #water #security #terrorism #russia #war #trump #clinton #geopolitics #korea
That's far more expensive than, you know, recycling it...
At least the bodies decompose. That plastics gonna be there a while.
As a college student that played football I'm with you lol. My team smashed mcdonalds all the time and it was great
I love how Chapotraphouse links directly to neoliberal
I don't drink I don't smoke I don't do drugs and yet still am not "happy rich and all that people say this brings"
Well, they have a point on the Tories bad thing . . .
This did not seem to be a malicious spirit, just curious.
Can a mediocre bot invent Facebook?
I don’t want my tax dollars going to some psycho who thinks he’s a girl trapped in a mans body
That lil cat, I want it!
#WTF @NYSCHereToHelp @NYSC allows #gym #bully #atmosphere! #jumpship #nasty #atmosphere #unprofessional #wtf #gym #bully #atmosphere #jumpship #nasty #atmosphere #unprofessional
Not this sub’s fault the ((([NAME]))) is full of idiots
Of course! Didn't think about that. Guess we'll just have to keep backing out if the looting menu for a few months until it's fixed
Preference isn't racist only if your not untested in them for a false and cruel reason.
Lol I know right?
The UK having disdain for Ireland or Irish people isn’t exactly new.
She is probably cheating on you. :(
Yet... here you are, a nodoby whining about others accomplishments on the internet. 13 year old you was probably smarter than you are now.
"PETA approved" I'm out. I hate PETA even more than I hate mlms
That's an attitude I currency can't get behind.
Probably wouldn't hurt to delete this post and pretend it never was posted.
Saga: When all of your devices and teles fail just in time for bake off  #gbbo #gbbo
Awesome! I’m a cradle [RELIGION], so really interesting to hear your experience. Thanks for sharing.
Omg enough of all the damn hashtags, it’s not 2016 anymore
I #rejoice in following your statutes as one rejoices in great riches. -Psalm 119:14 #TheBible #rejoice #thebible
Same, but [NAME] is one of my favorite champs, so beong useless hit me extra hard.
It’s not violence against political opponents if it’s against a tyrant, which you define as a political opponent
Caballero is shocking
I don’t want everybody to live the same way as me, I just wanted to express the stupidity of it.
No matter how hard the road ahead, as long as you’re going the right way, every step — however rough — brings you closer to happiness than standing still.
8,000 jobs created in Frankfurt. Such a bright future
> Portland seems awesome from the outside, not so much once you're there. big fax here folks
Go your own way, loser.
Sometimes the support network is causing the damage. \n\n #support #Damaged #alone #tired  #hurt #nojustice  #surivivor #NoMore #support #damaged #alone #tired #hurt #nojustice #surivivor #nomore
I can't imagine who IS, the whole thing is so cringe.
Stay safe. Love from KY!
It's not #dread. It's called #Locks #dread #locks
Here we go, ya'll ready for WW3...this time we're the baddies!
Wow...is that true? I’d love to see more on that. Can you provide any links or documents on that?
This looks really cool. r/twobestfriendsplay would love this.
I just don't see it.
But now we're stressed out.
Oooo thanks! Hopefully I’ll be home from work by then!
@OniLink86 @DarekMeridian lmao awe...  #sad #sad
@carlybigelow13 first you take the room now you wanna beat me up #bully #bully
It's been cross posted.
What is everybody obsession with trading away young players in this sub?
Hand ur phone to a buddy and let them send the text asking her out. Worst thing is she says no, but it's better then not knowing
No joke. Physics or chemistry I can see but comp 101? I’m surprised he has the ability to find the internet
Break up and be firm about. You’ve already admitted to being dishonest. Why lead him on?
!remindme 4 days "Stupid Entitled Parent, sunglasses"
[NAME] why did they have to remove the OP? Her story is heartbreaking and she appears to only want some sort of comfort from the sub.
Don’t even really know what you mean.
I have too! I had to pick up sewing to do it but that has been fun as well!
Protecting the border is self-defense. It's not really a selfish thing to do.
no phone in the site, just some dragons enjoying the moment
Ain't that the truth, lol
My point is that we should fight the whole system, not a single hospital that does the best they can.
He's not had a great season but Athletic in general has been a shitshow this season (and last) so no real surprise there.
I'm so nervous
Next time just donate to charity, I find that I ruin less coffee's that way.
Honestly, there are some awful people on the internet... smh...
She let Jiang Ge die to save herself, now lets countless “living Jiangs” pay money to save her — terrifying how selfish a person can be.
Nostalgia is the best high. You get to enjoy what you liked with several cool new perspectives.
It is not so much the organs but rather the fluids within the organs that reek when burned. N8
You are the worst kind of person, but i love it
THAT DOES IT!
Not moving, not menacing.
That’s terrible; I would be devastated. You had to get out of there though. I’m thinking of you.
Peering into the void Out of the abyss Something stirs Terrible secrets _____ Hope is lost Once it wakes [NAME] is dead
I'm so playful. lol I need somebody that'll joke with me all day long cause ill never get tired of it.
>It would also open the possibility of selling the [NAME] arms, I guess. That would be a terrible idea.
@__PeterPanda yes bro it's actually breezy
I've seen muuuuuch weirder. But that was confusing as hell. LOL!
So, [NAME] and [NAME] are over? Have to wonder why he thought marrying a 19 year old was the best thing to do!
This actually happened but no one clapped
Great reply as usual
Damn. Really?
Did you guys notice that one of the headlines on the magazine from the last act said "A real life marvel" I loved that little detail honestly
I guess #bradangelina &gt; #anger &gt; #blacklivesmatter #bradangelina #anger #blacklivesmatter
@97_aleix having a terrific game and not at all fazed #MCFC #mcfc
I think they were hoping he would be the [NAME], that didn't happen.
Doesn’t... doesn’t it take more time and work forging a signature and lying than just.. delivering the package at the front door?
) I started to teach myself Japanese, and just couldn't shake the feeling that I was supposed to live there.
It is crazy and another reason I treat going to the states with caution lol
I. Love. This. Team.
Trash does not mean litter.
Thank you ladies !
I wouldnt necessarily call you and addict but you definetly have unhealthy relationship with MDMA.
And the #wonderful boy in the Garden grew in wisdom and stature and in favour with God and men, which, literally, were his parents.\n#VSS365 #wonderful
after that we had no sustained damage for the fight so [NAME] and [NAME] just killed [NAME]
How long were you broken up and how long together?
Aha! Thank you for that.
Yep, whole different story if mom finds her favorite vibrator buzzing on the floor still.
I honestly can't tell if your being sarcastic or not with this comment.
I love you so much. > **"putas"** Qué eres mi que? (don't how can i translate it)
Thanks for sharing, it really sucks that people would do this. I barely slept last night because I was so frustrated with the situation.
I can't wait until I can get my app up and running now.
@Zak_Atif two congressional hearings in USA stopped financial aid to Pak and asked it to prove that it is doing enough to stop terrorism 1n
Wow I had no idea all of this transpired. Crazy!
Sick BURN!
Even after @O2 ref the £5k fraud, they still treat me like dirt. No returned calls or apology #shocking #customerservice @mse @resolvercouk #shocking #customerservice
can't believe Mint fest is two days away and i hate my outfit 😩😩🙈
I hope [NAME] does some more music soon
tfw you're en-route to your future :) !! @HUCJIR i'm coming for ya! #openhouse #futurecantor #exhilarating #NYCletsgo #openhouse #futurecantor #exhilarating #nycletsgo
What a weird character to use for something like this
She’s a liar. And an idiot. What else is new.
No, because it lets you search multiple modes at once.
Yeah I want all our players to have a nice healthy hatred for Texas. Good way to ensure they get hyped to play em.
I earned the money, I bought the food and I cooked the food so don't go thanking your phoney baloney god for it in my home.
@JuliaHB1 @talkRADIO culture &amp; language already protected.\n£ on 'promoting Welsh' better spent on Tourism or our dreadful schools ed record
I like the energy [NAME], [NAME], DFS put out.
Oh man. GOOD one.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @katyy.mae #lively #musically #lively #musically
> bad ass-friend *** ^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^xkcd#37
Holy shit it actually did... how
I freaking hate working with #word on my phone  #write #writing #writerslife #writerproblems #writer #word #write #writing #writerslife #writerproblems #writer
Thanks for contributing to the point I just made. More complaining and self-assuring. Yap away.
That’s the chelsea board will all know and hate.
@DinoHyogi Hakyeon takes all the attention happily, perching on Wonshik's shoulder to sulk when Jaehwan accidentally caused a tiny explosion
ur really cool too! *gives you a party favor*
thanks, religious conservatism, for making lack of education chic.
> Woo that sadness out Welp, never gonna be able to have a night out on the town again without this coming up
Then later, when you're using alcohol to drown your sorrows, at least the guy in the mirror is a friend that you can drink with.
Forgive me for being so forward but you’re hot af
So [NAME] is really a fan of playing the bench vs the other team's starters at the end of halves. Really finding every tanking edge possible.
This is my favorite meme that happened every year
I'd be happy with a Goff win too. And you can't hate Brees. Rams vs. Chargers would be perfect. final score 72-70.
Always toward absent lovers love's tide stronger flows.
Overthinking it — Mid-Autumn and National Day overlapping isn’t new. I guess from the 29th to 6th — 8 days off.
[NAME]. You're just a fountain of inspiration and strength.
Hijacking <---- THIS IS A GOOD THING.....chicks llike guys with balls, and chicks with balls.
Hey @PapaJohnsUK I've been charged £40.24 on my credit card 4 an order which never arrived last Friday, any chance of a refund!!
Why have you linked a random wiki article? I don't understand your point? What are you trying to claim?
“Not a word you need to learn, honey” Cringiest part of the whole episode.
[NAME] my friend and if he has new friends I’m ok with that.
I understand it but I hate it and I personally believe it promotes toxicity
That’s a fine r/beetlejuicing here
He is not actually trying to watch child pornography, he is simply trying to shock and disgust the reader
So people will support him in this fake news quick reaction political environment
Better order some of that VIRILITY DRANK
For someone like me who often gives up halfway, loving you is the best thing I’ve ever done.
Broken. Good and grtting better.
Lucky to work at a company with weekends off, 5-day week, 7.5-hour days — 3 in the morning, 4.5 in the afternoon.
Baby rape. Can’t make a funny joke about it.
Well they got removed so I’m not sure if I want to see it anyway.
Holy shit!!! 😮 That’s friggin beautiful
I know the planes are bad, but come on man.
Ik was more curious with our communities opinion
happy cake day
Oops! The lack of free trade caused the death of 20 Million proletariat!
Are you claiming that the entire biology and geology communities have been lying for centuries?
I remember seeing [NAME] in the States and smelling weed during the entire concert. Not really surprising, he loves the stuff.
That doesn't mean they're impossible. Minnesota's 7th district is 64% rural, R+12, and represented by [NAME], a [NAME].
Vamos [NAME], keep fighting!
With the weather we are having, it is a surprise when a battery works.
@StarklyDark 'Come here. Come on. Into my arms. I'm not going anywhere, Tony, I swear.' Steve told him, quiet and solemn.
Enjoyphoenix couple of products are different than Desi’s box but it’s still existing products.
Then it hit me.
he's gotta make shots and get to the line...2-6 so far, no ft's
May he rest easy, as for future officers to carry on his legacy, never forget his sacrifice.
@_jamiebraidwood haha, horrific is all that needs to be said. Glad I'm away to Spain on Sat so missing game 🍹🍕🍺☉☉
[NAME] would like a word.
I was fully aware of the fact that once I began to freak out about the situation was when my spine began flaring up, so I tried my hardest to get back into the zone I was in while I was at home.
Sometimes my eyes feel so transparent, so rubbing them helps my eye lids feel real.
Hold it there you. Shouldn't be throwing stones after what your team pulled.
What a weird and slightly creepy thing to come to mind as a reaction to this video. /s Edit: apparently indicating my sarcasm was necessary here.
I only watched the clip someone posted last week, but I found [NAME] funnier.
But it saved people with even more money lots of money. The owners of the teams.
This is why I love politics. It really shows how stupid people are.
>are you guys ignoring us international fish viewers Yes Shut up
I wish the theme was still larger than life but their outfit prompt was fetish/bdsm wear and that they all posed next to giant sex toys
Finally, we can put [NAME] down at the bottom like the EXP thief deserves.
inject that shit into my veins
A few years ago a lot of shows tried to do a “second screen experience”. It didn’t work and died a quiet death.
That's interesting
Boy just tell her to "calm down" or "watch her tone" and get it over with.
God knows why you'd wanna go with a girl who's slept with half ya mates #grim #grim
It isn't called the immortal science for no reason ey
Or don't notify the boss, and keep not singing Happy birthday in restaurants. (Maybe I'm just no fun?)
Really? that's very interesting
Yep... I'd vote to oust these mavericks as well!
You are right. There's absolutely no group of liberals here that calls everyone right of [NAME] [NAME] every chance they get.
My last name is 4 letters. It's a common English word. It still gets mispronounced and misspelled constantly.
Aw thats so sweet A loving cimmunity is what [NAME] and [NAME] deserve for giving us such amazing content every day
@rachelkennedy84 @callummay @Ned_Donovan @JeyyLowe @jimwaterson @dats Can it do the bell ringing and incense at consecration?
What a snake. Typical Fort Mcmurray politics.
LMAO I love hockey
Me too! Just figured out how.
Glasses and [NAME] made me regain interest in the show. Pluuus I want to know what happens to [NAME], she's my favourite character :(
I legit wish you never talked to me
This time next year, this game will be praised. The current installation will be ridiculed in its place. Its been this way for years
MmMm I love me some microplastics.
I'm confused why you reposted this from this sub. I'm even more confused why you left evidence that shows this.
The worst!! I don’t get cramps so much but my back will kill me
That sucks. Learn to check your ping like everyone else.
> why have all of my responses been restating my opinion Because you're cruising on righteous indignation rather than empirical evidence. Facts don't care about your feelings.
However, I get sick to my stomach when I think about the fact that I have been sleeping with my brother for so long.
It shouldn’t say that, because it is not single payer
Man. Really bad last possession there. Bummer.
Lol [NAME] "He'll be sore in the morning"
I'd be so upset about this, I hope you got to enjoy it thoroughly :)
Being abroad is causing me to make spontaneous decisions and not worry about things which is good, but the type A part of me is fuming
If you can spend more time insulting me than insulting my ideas, then someone else here is dumb.
I wondered the same thing. I never knew that this is a thing.
Called Zhangjiakou CDC — staff were cold, said returnees from Beijing/Tianjin low-risk zones must isolate 14 days. That violates national policy! Asked for a public notice, they said it’s “classified.” Since when is a health policy secret? Asked if that’s serving the people — “None of your business.”
Oh that leg. Like, she NEEDS to get that looked at!! ASAP!
Is this the real life?
Wildlife Ecology! Really gives you a better perspective on how natural systems work
Really appreciate this post and article. I just subscribed and between this and the sidebar I'm feeling pumped about starting he learning.
Please don’t give up like that. People gaslight you, and you just lie down and take it? You are stronger than that. 💕
>Limes have autobreaking Ha! That's an amusing typo! You meant autobraking, I assume.
I had a nightmare about something similar, the combination of high walls and water is truly scary
i really don't get why people like this guy
Damn it.
Dallas didnt play our schedule lol Even with VJ we could have beaten that team lol
They sound amazing :)
I responded to someone else in this thread as well, more in length. Maybe you find that comment more interesting.
So you agree.
Sometimes I get to sit back and be proud of myself for pleasing Him so well.
For me it is easier to believe that the Big Bang occurred via a natural process than through an external agent such as some god.
Why should I get flayed? He's the one who sucks!
redemption island? I'm not judging if you like it just curious
You were so close.
i still have yet to see one of these strawmen in real life that conservatives continuously blame for everything
They did and he is going to be extremely difficult to feel much empathy for him.
Be the reason someone smiles today #smile #happiness #smile #happiness
[NAME] was pretty god damn brutal too.
haha I'm realizing now that's what they meant. I'm just a salty liberal nurse lmao.
Stop gaslighting. It's gross.
After learning I was positive, I kept myself calm and reassured my family, friends, and colleagues so they wouldn’t worry. Then this happened today — how can you expect me to trust the government now?
a really cool acrylic painting of this same picture!
You know what’s a real tragedy? I’m yet to find Soleil art with brand.
I'm just tired of feeling the same way everyday it's really grinding me down, that sucks about your summer school.
My work days are usually similar....but even the "good morning" is hard for me to initiate some mornings. I feel your pain!
@JoeShennan Meanwhile @JoshuaMurrayBM and I are getting a 7.40am train. I hope you really, really enjoy that hotel, Shennan. #fuming #fuming
That crowd reaction for dirk at the end. What a legend
If [NAME] wins, we won't see him until WrestleMania lol.
No lol. It’s a personal preference.
I was really expecting more Adidas when I read the headline
Thank you so much.
They’ll never admit science — once they said asymptomatic people aren’t patients, now even secondary contacts are! Looks like we’ll spend our whole lives under “epidemic control.”
That sounds awesome! Thanks for the reply!
Lol this happened literally 5-10 seconds after the screenshot was taken too
While I have no experience in dating/relationships, I have been through unrequited love. So I learnt that the hard way
They're probably usually too fixated on how they look to even consider their surroundings
You called [NAME] a defensive player of interest. I don't know that logic is in this topic.
Thank you. We're as messed up and fallible as any other set of parents, but we're trying to learn from our mistakes.
It was still very dark and very much night time.
#CNN really needs to get out of the #Propaganda Business.. 30 seconds on USN fallen Soldiers tragedy. Right back at spewing #hatred #POTUS #cnn #propaganda #hatred #potus
Players like this makes me rage quit tbh.
And they probably knew exactly what your dad saw.
Women can pick on a man's height but all hell breaks loose if you tell their make up is garbage and they might have a weight problem.
No thank you 😉
Hey I’m at Ellsworth and Guadalupe! No snow 😕 probably while we sleep tonight 😐 Happy New Years neighbor!!
Everyone knows a Sith would be called [NAME]. What a terrible fan of the franchise that poser is.
The worst is when those moments pop up randomly. Especially when you’re feeling happy and then a mistake you did back in 2005 comes creeping up.
Just love Matthew Parris! Political rage is good!
[NAME] I’m so sorry sweety
[NAME] get him a glass of water and have him lie down...
Not the best horror ever but I like that the uncertainty
Loving this start boys
She's digging herself a nice grave for [NAME] to bury her in.
It looks like those "true facts" memes are coming back, too. SHUT IT DOWN, OTTO.
Nah man I prefer endless cause of the part where he goes WOMWOMWOMWOMWOMWOM WOOOOOO REEEEEEEEE like that's lyrical genius right there
Right? That's news to me. I'll be excited when that happens, I wonder how that works.
@warrensarahh @CjKiid awe, miss y'all too!:)
Australian here. I hereby agree that this does in fact provoke nightmares.
Rule of cool: horses are sweet, and fun, and lancing someone is an awesome animation.
delusion hits hard
love that guy
What band?
Nailed it! I'm sorry you've had to deal with it. This whole mess sounds awful.
Yeah he is a giver not a taker
That could be a quick way to see the next great Orlando big man end up in LA, haha.
And unfortunately there's no legal way for us to withhold our tax dollars to demonstrate the effect.
They both crazy
Llanberis is in one of the most beautiful places in Europe and I am delighted that the local Chinese takeaway speaks Welsh. Cymru am Byth !!!!
Wah Mum other people call me on my bullshit and I can't ban them , Go out side son.
Good luck for everyone pronouncing [NAME] name. If he keeps scoring like this, i'll have fun listening some commentators around NHL.
I'm in Printer's Row, but I do have a car so I might just go check it out. Thanks!
I'm a woman, 50-adjacent, and a descendant of slaves. I like hot sauce but I hate [NAME].
Getting more absurd — the girl in Zhao Lirong’s skit Such Packaging dressed like this too!
Super dumb that people are downvoting you for asking a question in good faith.
Im looking for this, but I predict a 3-1 win to barça. I really hope [NAME] doesnt bore me
I take it they don’t train high risk traffic stops in Arkansas?
[NAME] and [NAME] not being signed yet is getting on my nerves, am i alone in that?
@JoshuaRozenberg Oh dear! #tantrums #tantrums
My kids (and yes, I as well) love [NAME] metal version.
Darn. I'm sorry, I didn't know that. I honestly am out of ideas and I don't know what to do.
[NAME] sweetie i’m so sorry
I don't understand why [NAME] is starting it on the feet..
I was just kind of born into it, although ironically I was raised a cubs fan as well.
Looks like they’re stalling until this Olympics ends! Though we’re not even sure if it’ll be held successfully.
There is clearly something really goddamned wrong with the policy then.
Probably the best OT period I've ever seen. Absolutely exhilarating. #WCH2016 #TeamNA #wch2016 #teamna
@ReadingFC @EFLCup - remind them 'Twenty's Plenty' !
Great. My existential crisis is back.
@SenJohnMcCain @WSJ an 'Honorable Senator' cheering when a cease fire does not hold! PEOPLE DIE AND YOU CHEER! GENOCIDE SUPPORT NOT GOOD!
Rather than talent, it’s more about perception. Talent is like a compass for your effort — in areas where you have it, you’ll persist and believe in your success. Most of us persevere in our roles, but that doesn’t mean we’re talented in them. Every profession is equal, and true talent is rare. Please cherish everyone who works hard.
Yes it does. I kept doing this for 2 mins. But yes it can still be reassigned manually at the command center I'm sure
So [NAME] proved that they are not literally selling their workers into sex slavery. That's a pretty low bar!!
It was a this point I caught something out of the corner of my eye.
As I said, the justification needs to be found outside of a separate measure of support.
Rollover car crash on warren st, traffic is horrid #Boston #boston
Sorry to hear that. Hope you feel better soon!
Yeah. Why throw a wrench into a handy conviction?
Considering how beautiful every single person is, there is far too much ugliness on Earth.
This drew a lot of startled stares and gasps as I calmly threw the shirt down on the floor at my feet and reached into the overnight bag and pulled out a small pair of tweezers.
[NAME] a fucking idiot and needs to be primaried out.
Well what would make us special? He's vouching for his friend.
Wow, thanks! Now i am rich again!
Don't y'all scream communist at everything and burn Nike stuff for no legitimate reason?
#ParentsofAddicts: let #wellness be your #revenge! -Al Anon speaker #parentsofaddicts #wellness #revenge
Two sessions, actually. He apparently found the party boring
Uhhh... unfortunately I can't read the article due to some regulations...but pretty sure that post is just the article
No faith! Shame!
Huh, I was just wondering if something like this existed. I'm working in food manafacturing an this would be epic.
The analogy was in relation to placing the blame for your unrealistic wants and needs on the person who is denying you them.
R&M is still a good show but it's fans have driven it to Fortnite levels of annoyance.
OH NO NO NO NO
> But I still hope natal males will respect natal women's spaces.. They don't. I would hope they would but they don't.
The 5 Love Languages by Dr. [NAME].
I just watched the video that i took at troye's concert last year during happy little pill and now im crying i miss him @troyesivan 😭
I don't know where exactly but these pictures are really good. Keep it up!
Right?! That’s up there with falling and hitting your eye on a doorknob.
Tell her to stop eating shit and start using mouthwash.
For drunks is a paradise!!
No worries! I'll go through these when I have time. Just may take a few days here and there.
We tried, the place I go is just a rundown old town trashy high school filled with kids who have the background to shoot the place up
I think they're good optics. Or do you not think that being openly intolerant toward surveillance encourages others to be openly intolerant toward surveillance in turn?
Stay away from her kids, [NAME]!
I'd love to see something following her younger days. Also something STRQ related would be awesome.
That's one card as opposed to every single attack
Tell him, that just as he has a very shy person and I told her just to get a pretty woman with a strapon.
Lol omg yesssss. Probably the best suggestion anyone ever told me 🙌🏼
I want a DL thats about 800€ for a month is the one who's new here lol.
What?
Dice LA also has Dice Sweden employees on the team but we are wasting our time pointing it out.
One dumbass who hasn’t watched Hereditary complaining about meaningless awards on the Internet means... eh. I lost my point. Go watch Hereditary
This is badass. I'd love to see it placed over war pigs. Amazing work OP
Lots of botox. That face doesn't move. She has to squint her eyes to indicate to others that she is mad.
Oh sorry dude, I was just looking for the WiFi password. [NAME], but I hope you stay safe
That does make sense. I just hate that it led to him dumping me over them.
Treat your wife like gold. Feed her well. Rub her feet. Repeat.
[NAME] fucking [NAME], that man is enormous.
this one's ironic...
How can someone reply without contributing anything meaningful to the conversation.
I couldn't get loose and ended up pulling so hard that i pulled my tooth completely out.
sounds good, take care & stay safe loves💕
So many players from the current crop are going to end up on 300+ games, crazy to think how exclusive it was not too long ago
Yeah, that would be one value combo he would shove that she is beating.
I just saw that they deleted their account. Good.
Hope they will, but I doubt some of the dems in dc.
That’s awesome! Hopefully the sanity keeps up
I could not be happier with my life right now 😊
Wow! That's too real, it touched me! Nice work :D
Ah cool. I thanks for clarifying.
I just killed a spider so big it sprayed spider guts on me like a horror movie.\n #ugh  #ugh
I hope [NAME] likes my Thanos costume though.
Confirms :-)
I remember napping on the top bunk — suddenly the bed crashed down, couldn’t stand straight, terrified. My roommate pulled me downstairs, and I saw dorm staff rushing upstairs. That gave me safety. Now as a teacher, I often wonder — could I go against the crowd to save my students?
Can he fire himself?
Oh ok. Guess the official US statute itself doesn't count?
president [NAME], what should we do? shut. down. everything!
Ahhh a fellow atheist, I used that in the standard social meaning but no intention of meaning "god" would actually bless you lol but thx
Lol I use an apple charger that’s split in half to charge mine so I think ur fine
Wish the teacher has spelled inventors correctly before testing the students.
holy shit that person is a fucking asshole, talk about a huge red flag for your stepbrother.
An imaginary god won't make you feel better, that's right, just the one true Living and Eternal God of Great Mercy who loves you.
@OC_Transpo some weeks there are no problems but this week is unbelievable -- are you guys even running regular 12 buses?  #solate #solate
Is that not common in your area? I see amish people all the time
The sun seems brighter on those mornings, head clearer, mind sharper, expertly spreading happiness with my eyes.
I would love to hang out with him & listen to his stories
So I wished my sis 12 midnight but received no reply from her. My 2nd sis JUST wished her, got a reply. You know who's the fav
Hahaha, that's a good one.
Ironically, everyone else (except a v small%) are thinking the same, try keeping this in mind next time.. enjoy your day
He’s just tired and needs to rest.
Makes me sad at how brain damage effects boxers so much
@RMCunliffe I don't read articles by people who rage about how horrible 'Cybernats' are. Got it?
It seriously is impressive to wake up and see Clemson fans taking full blown hay makers at all of their competition at once.
Looks like you got it bad. How soon till you can get out on your own?
Thou wilt be as valiant as the wrathful dove, or most magnanimous mouse. William Shakesphere
Honestly, fuck [NAME] after the bounty gate shit
I’m thinking yes and this was done on purpose.
I was literally shaking getting the EKG done lol 🙄
[NAME] was horrid for us
Most of the cast of Riverdale save for [NAME], but for some reason my girlfriend and I can't stop watching this trainwreck of a show.
@LoveIsland #loveisand next time there's a dumping get #Olivia out of there! She's #dreadful and not good for Chris #loveisand #olivia #dreadful
Considered going for the 1st time this year, then I see all the ads targeting kids specifically. Feels weird as a 26 year old seeing all this..
Theyre paid with taxes..... Do you think you're arguing against an anarchist? lol
BROOOO I THOUGHT THIS WAS WOOD ALL ALONG ouuuuccccchhhhh
Don't think we should be stomping all over people's bodily autonomy just so public health authorities can declare victory.
Jiang’s mother looks aged and sorrowful, yet Liu Xin’s prettier than ever — where’s her “suffering”?
Welcome to the subreddit!
just waggled my eyebrows up and down at the baby and she burst out laughing i love her haha
Waiting to see angry “pedos” or whatever they call themselves thinking this is fact and melting down over at t_d
It's on sight between them.
Man. I wanna be there to see his face! It’d be great. 🤣
Hello! how’s it going?
I’m Asian...and the first thing bullies go for are the eyes. No one ever cares that I have black hair.
I just hurked a little in my mouth.
Depends on what you want to do, but I'd buy This
Because its creepy and weird
@KitchenAidUSA  I spent over $500 on your mixer, yet the dough hook chips in my dough.  I buy a new one and the same thing happens. #unhappy #unhappy
There is no Ana meta. Pro meta atm is Zen GOATS mirror match
Which doesn't excuse the fact that he wanted to see sexy pictures of a 16 year old. Gross.
Ya done goofed kid. All you had to do was win.
95 percent of polite society is just avoiding doing things that make people uncomfortable. Don’t act like it is unusual.
My eyes were open, but I couldn't see in any colors.
I agree i think it's a problem with inner game even when i get the number she don't answer
I just hope [NAME] isn't pulling the wagon. Would hate for her to throw up.
My home equity rose 120k in the 3 years since i bought it. Just saying
I feel like you should, in commemoration.
I say we get the pitch forks and make him have to sit in a wheel chair for real boyos!! Vigilante justice away!!
Watching Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension. I'm not sure how I feel about it yet.
The ending was so badass as a young kid! He wasnt even in his mech!
How he ups the tone along with his eyes to desperation at the end is just hilariously amazing.
I can't believe Pandora created scat. An icon.
This thread is being brigaded by atheist/agnostics. They are just here to cause trouble. Look at OPs post history.
I’m not really serious I just think it’s kind of funny
Your right. I just didn't want to go into depth out of laziness
You're setting the bar awfully low for yourself.
Back in my day an epic gamer moment was yelling out the n word at women and minorities
Lol for the past 2 weeks I wondered if an unpopular opinions thread should go up and I was hesitant for the same reasons. Lol mind reader sis
I knew the punchline as soon as I read "Tide Pods" and I hated both myself and you for it. Take your upvote.
If that's true, then you can't call what I would have with option 1 "omnipotence".
BRISCOE WITH THE DIME AGAIN
It looks like it's outdoors in the snow, so you'd be wearing gloves anyway.
Oh no.
I don't need any [NAME]. But if At the Gates actually I made a game, I'd be interested.
Ping pong in the park and maybe a cold one with the bros
Oh you mean a documentary he produced? I watched it and it felt kinda bias imo
I love me some Cat but someone clearly never read The mists of Avalon
the excitement when they all first come in always makes me happy
@WellerMonica Hi Monica, I write regularly for @ctysmallholding  - but not on bees - never dared try them #buzz #sting #HONEY #buzz #sting #honey
Yeah, I interact with less adults as a teacher than I did in any other job I've had in the past.
only one hour of sleep, then 9 hours on my feet.
Interesting, I’ll have to try it someday
Someone set off the fire alarm and I'm so angry because I was in the middle of moisturizing my elbows
Pro? Everyone does is and that makes it even more rude.
That is not the reason we do not want to leave the CU. Try again.
Don't let worry get you down.  Remember that Moses started out as a basket case.  #lol \nToday, choose #faith over  #Moses #lol #faith #moses
Local man screams on >!cosplayer!< for absolutely no reason
Ridiculous — later Gao Qiqiang treated lives like nothing. With his talent, he could’ve lived well being good. Forced by villains, isn’t it tragic? Not glorification, just tragedy — that’s true anti-crime.
B day next week, catch the sauce and watch the heaviness!
Do i just need to watch just 'some' or all of them, oh and what about his books? I gotta buy them too right?
stepping on the beach *dodo doot doot doo* > stepping in water > stepping on legos
I was just quoting the president (through his press secretary) to be honest.
That was the first thing we tried and we could not get it to work.
YO MOMMA IS SO CLOSE TO CALCULATING THE ANSWER TO THE {capitalists.class}. I STUDY ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE BECAUSE IT HAS OCCURRED IN YOUR L3 CACHE.
The absolute worst!
Controlling #anger is a sign of those #righteous people promised #Paradise in the #Quran in Surah Al Imran verses 133-134 #reward #goodDeed #anger #righteous #paradise #quran #reward #gooddeed
Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it. ― W. Somerset Maughm
I miss you [NAME] 😢😭
I'd still try to pet it
i actually didnt know that there are people out there using quotation marks for emphasis until that weird [NAME] song
I'm glad this movement has occurred. Thank you for your service
Yup ,Russia is such a fine example for the world ,truly an beacon of hope ./s
I do this too, and it works, but I think it’s largely psychosomatic, right?
Kindness is sometimes an umbrella in the rain, sometimes a light in darkness, often a helping hand when you’re cornered. Being kind to others is being kind to yourself.
I don't think pairing [NAME] and [NAME] again is that bad an idea. Also love the [NAME] idea.
Before the ~~Empire~~ MousePire. ooo ooo Mouse Pyre ! lol
This provocation sets off a curiosity. An entity is feeding fuel to the fire. speaking quatrains. Hmmm America needs to be vigilant now
Weird... maybe he was offended that the store had security in the neighborhood because it was so nice. People baffle me.
love em or hate em I think we can all agree that was blatant PI
These aren’t /u/ These are just their nicknames. They’ll know who they are when they read it and that’s what matters.
Kudos to you my friend. I'm so glad you are still here with us! <3
I'd prefer her as an actual character
At least you’ve got a top-notch pooch standing by.
That actually makes a lot of sense. I stand corrected.
At least I don't have a guy trying to discourage me anymore in what I want to do he will never become anything worth contributing to society
What did he say?
Exactly! How dare we give those people shade!
You're going to be pissed.
...holy crap.
From my experience, doctors are generally understanding and they study psychological issues as part of their education. Be honest if they make a wrong assumption, though.
Love my 90DF Family Reddit too! 💙
Hell yeah! Make sure you get your tickets in advance because we are getting very close to selling out!
"Professionals working OT are compensated for OT". I don't think you understand how salaried professional jobs work. Maybe you should sit this discussion out.
I'm sad, but I just want a new Metroid game, and if this is what it takes to make it great then I understand
What is it that you are posting twice all over the internet again?
I'm poly and jn the Raleigh area too, moved here for my wife's job, surprised to find so many people mention it haha.
Well then outlive your enemy, get pass your old self that is the enemy and you can outlive the enemy
You're right my bad, I am just trying to find out what it is.
B4 I couldnt get out of bed or look in mirror Thankful4all the support I have recieved here ImWakingUpHappyNot dreading theday
>Well, minus the interbreeding part. Eh, I wouldn't be so sure about that
Less is definitely more. That picture is just kind of forgettable old meme material. This post feels like old keyword stuffing.
She has a good voice for a yoga teacher
Damn you actually got that comment tagged. Could've saved yourself the explanation if you found that comment earlier lol.
Sorry pal, it’s actually one of my least favorites :/
All mutations are potentially harmful. Especially if they replicate. But we can't control random mutations, so why not worry about what we can control.
Man, thats ruthless. Lesson learned. Trust me, there will be a time when they actually need money and I really hope you say no.
oh. i didnt know that. ty
Not letting anyone anger me or change who I am.
Totally agree with you. Just saying that [NAME] is not a stupid person. A smart person that will be spending the rest of his life in prison
No... that's literally our first rule.
I cried more here than in Star Wars.
Ya uh that's gen Z sorry
Salt lake, Utah. No joke, Utah has the highest rate of plastic surgery than anywhere else in the US.
Kill it with fire.
he's obviously helping
I love how people complain about too many midfielders yet still want [NAME].
It was so beautiful; I felt tears of joy run down my face... Five years after World War II ended, Washi and I are at Pearl Harbor for a very special day.
That’s just fucked lol talk about cheap.
Hell yeah my dude. And the best part is, if I had the money, I could get either or both of those right now :)
Alligator eats the bigger number
The kid you're replying too is a known [NAME] stan lol, he's gonna argue with any narrative that [NAME] is close to [NAME].
Just you. All my other senses open up, so my vision _changes_ but i'm still eyes open
Follow rules 1 and 2 and you can have lame openers and you'll be fine.
Thank you 🙏
It's just a name that boils down to semantics. Not derogatory, not inherently unrelated. Get over yourself.
> and was getting blocked like crazy down low We talking about [NAME] now?
Conservatives now hate dancing... anybody surprised?
Thank you so much. ♥️ that means a lot.
Need turtle for the 3peat squad It’s crazy they were 1 team and now they are 5 :( I hope all of them can make playoffs
[NAME] forbid I’m actually anti-war and anti-theft and want my vote (or lack thereof) to reflect those philosophies.
Thanks for reply, I'll enjoy reading through the comments... maybe you make a book of it all.
damn, I searched "mocap" and "motion capture", but they didn't use those terms in the title there.
Wazza blocks Carrick's shot and then misses a sitter that Memphis, who was ready beside him, surely wouldve buried. Good start lol #MUFC #mufc
Middle guy doesn't look to fit to me. Looks like me, too many pounds.
Rheged sounds like a racist name for a [NAME]. Don't think it will catch on tbh
With this holy oath I set my foot upon the path, the Druid's Way, and I vow to make my dedication plain.
[NAME] forbid PETA gives vegan alternatives for a holiday many vegans celebrate with their loved ones
[NAME] will never do anything to help you. You must stand up for yourself.
IVE NEVER BEEN MORE PROUD TO CAMPAIGN FOR A CANDIDATE!! I stg im so happy shes my congresswoman! finally dumped comstock!!!!
I am with you. Despite leaving stuff at his place, i am slow but surely done.
Here Hope that helps!
Like women don’t have enough things to be judged on, now everyone is talking about our eyebrows..this is the most ridiculous trend to me.
@Skepta make sure you's Young breadrins sling us a quick vote #murky #skeng #votage #murky #skeng #votage
Do what makes you successful and #happy now and forever #happy
The only excuse for folding there pre is timing out. Ever. (I really hope that's what happened)
She could've liked you before you guys connected on the other app, just left swipe her and never bring it up.
Source???!
I really like him goat and [NAME] on the 4th line. They've been real solid. Absolute beauty of a first goal. Congrats, trevor.
HOLY FUCK THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL!!
I believe that this may be meant for the person above me, for I have moved into the realm of monetized bananas.
Dude got owned by a glass of cider. He spent a full month roiling and gnashing his teeth in an existential nightmare because of sulphites.
Do not diddle kids
Bidets are disgusting. In america, we use toilet paper because our plumbing systems can take it
I read on a different post that he died shortly after of internal injuries.
@ZaidZamanHamid Speech is still not up to the mark. No mention of 'Genocide', Indian terrorism in Pak. It was all planned speech.
This is me being hopeful that there’s not one poor soul out there who’s happy that the Wilpons are our owners
Yes but legal issues and plus its a bit weird tbh. She doesn't look 19.
He probably got hurt making the video
saved... i'll enjoy this video
a celebrity i like had his appendix out and tweeted about how surgery left him with an ugly belly button 🤣
[NAME] everyone hated that map on lans we played.... but i loved it and forced it up their throat
The beetles are under rated millenials dont know what the 60s were if they listened to the beagles they world understand
I actually live in a place called Star City (ironically a really small town) so I thought it was the coolest thing to me.
Wow. Yeah does your place autograt at 8 or more ? So sorry 😐
So you don’t agree with having success, self-worth and self-respect, and a purpose in life?
Another LA teacher here. They get posted around March. Make sure you start building up your portfolio now. Best of luck!
Do kids even know who Papa Smurf is these days?
Just don't stop with the damn good cooking though please lol.
I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up.
**You don't have to buy it.** Just like that probably because it's still true lol.
This is how I know I'll have a good time!
Thanks for the warning 😉
Sorry you are having such trouble.
Ha ha ha. That was a good one
Indignation: [whispers to date during that terrific Lerman/Letts centerpiece scene] That's his overwhelming sense of indignation.
@DunsScottus @FaithNGuns @buggazing @Patriot_Musket Yep, Owen Garriott told me it was ghastly. None of his peeps ever had it :)
Haha that's amazing.
I agree. But shooting him left me feeling bad too.
Definitely not angry. He who smelt it dealt it.
Between this and the headline it makes me wonder how he fits his ego through most doorways.
>US isn't a de facto dictatorship Not sure anyone has told [NAME] that to be honest
> social media addiction is real Except, for her, it's not addiction, just a means to scam the morons who believe her lies.
At least she didn't hot glue it
I forget it all the time too.
I’m not gonna lie guys, if we help a team break their 9-game losing streak I’m gonna be pretty upset.
But we not out performing like she is, we just need a less matte version to keep us through our daily struggle life.
Love the cheese!
I'm scared for her. The Saudi government has proven to be very brazen in its disrespect for international law.
She began to squirm beneath @hcllbent, struggling to get out of his relentless grasp. When she realized that the attempt was useless,++
Nobody has been banned lol
Thanks bro. This is do or die for me. Will value my streak like gold.
Idgaf anymore. I lost all hope in moids. I'll keep looksmaxxing for myself.
Wise words :) she is quite remarkable in so many ways. I guess that I will just see or won't see :D
Go to highschool with the guys I went with. You'll get the hang of it in no time..
Can someone explain to me what's stopping [NAME] from pardoning everything [NAME] even gazes at?
Actually good point, I should have asked for the source their too. It was only a rumor when I first heard. Might be wrong, sorry.
Thank you so much! After the *loooooong* talk we had, I feel a lot better about our marriage.
Hey, come on! You did me twice!
I like you, do you like me? Please circle Yes No
when you think you've got it together for a day then you randomly burst out crying
His whole point is that he doesn't have to give a damn about others or how they feel.
We are not Barcelona or PSG we have structured wages.
I couldn't even get an internship for Human Resources without having 2-3 years 'Real World' experience. Still in customer service, with a ton of debt.
This makes me so happy, having a step parent can be a sensitive thing but you are definitely a good example of what to do, congrats!
No shit. Stupidest idea having a safe place for junkies to get fucked up.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @rosannahill #lively #musically #lively #musically
How does it actually work? Thanks for the response; aspiring entrepreneur with no knowledge of corporate finance
The word happiness would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
This is super old news
Sorry, you're going to claim wanting to destroy Israel is completely fine? And the rabbi in question seems to be in bed with Holocaust deniers?
I think you're pretty neat, but I respect your distance
I’m sorry he’s treating people this way. You will find even greater and less costly bliss!
Also there's plenty of pedestrians who wouldn't stop and wait. I'd rather error on the side of not hitting a pedestrian.
It’s a highly catchy and enjoyable song, I really like it. Not everything should be lyrical miracle spiritual individual music
This was ten years ago...but I have faith in people to be nice. Knoxville was amazing when I lived there.
Of course! You deserve the recognition and exposure. Your work is extremely comforting !
Yo, we doink'n in here?
Thanks kindly!
It doesn't have to only effect one for it to affect women.
I feel like the cameraman is having a seizure or something
Rice grad here, can confirm, am owl.
Where is his father? He can take his kid to the nearest vaccination center
Peace and love, my brother!
I don't know how you get over the survivor's guilt after something like that.
Good luck remembering that where you left it and then tearing your house apart for 1.5 hours trying to find it.
Or take it further: Try showering with just hot water. You might be surprised at how clean you get.
No amnesiac was my friend.
People always tell me that they don't expect me to have anxiety because I'm generally cheerful and don't act the way they expect me to.
I'd love to hear the theme in the style of [NAME] or the Rolling Stones
Troll, bro. They know they're saying stupid shit. The motherfucker does nothing but stink up libertarian subs talking shit
Love it when the wife goes lets it go retro. Also love it when she gets that puppy waxed.
He appeals to the conversation. Basically doesn’t have a firm stance on anything of much importance and will flip flop based on his guest.
I still don't get what the joke was supposed to be
Well if you're in the plane I assume a boot in your ass to get you
My husband and I have been circling the drain for years. :(
The left solution is to make them all citizens and to buy their votes with welfare and to never lose an election again as they destroy America.
Idk my brain doesn’t process what I’m watching if I can’t read along at the same time
oh shit u meant the actual post... yeh i live in china this all we got😂😂
I love how this boxy things is made to scare (common every show use that joke) but the queens is not scare at all.
@CScheiwiller can't stop smiling 😆😆😆
That's really sad to hear, I can't imagine. I'm wishing the best for you
Aw thank you! Glad you enjoyed it :)
Isn't she like a worse version of [NAME]? I always hear from everyone that she is pretty trash.
Both look great, but I like the second one better. I'm a dude though and I have no sense of what works for other guys.
That family’s really the “edge-playing expert.” If it weren’t their livestream, I wouldn’t think so — but they’ve done this many times.
I sure hope so...
P3 hit me so hard in the feels that every time I hear a song from it or watch anything P3 related, I just burst into tears.
😂😂😂 YES and she fired all her bridesmaids because they didn't text her to ask if she was excited that her wedding was a week away
Why does the feminization of a title belittle the role? I truly don't get it.
@ardit_haliti I'm so gutted. I loved her cheery disposition.
This looks more like 1954.
I think they think that they have created the best cod ever and everyone who doesn't think that is wrong
Jeff got in the tub with me at some point and was also rubbing my back and such, as most of my labor was in my lower back.
Soon the trailer will have more likes than views 😆
I love this show but I feel personally attacked when they say you can't live with 6 cups of tea a day and no food 😢
Virtually every statement by other countries at UN has referred to #terror as main threat to peace, #Pak still in denial: MEA. #terror #pak
Too many people using it to justify bigotry. Mostly homophobia, transphobia, sexism, etc etc.
2weeks ago?
That is always a black box to fans too - let’s say they pull the trigger, we have no idea if any of these reports are real
Only when they have dirt underneath them, now that’s disgusting.
Not surprised, damn that sucks. Concussions are awful.
I'll be rather upset if he scores against us
Our soil needs the help! That would be a really unpleasant job.
If someone calls I will text them and say I can't talk right now. No matter what I'm doing.
dear [NAME] if i hear her say "MAH FEE-YAWNN-SAYYYY" one more time.. she's a wreck poor girl.
The weather sure matches the mood in this state today.. #gloomy #gloomy
I showed the bouncer my face, the preferred method to keeping my exclusiveness intact since the tiny club's capacity was at its limit of 87: Once you were inside, you were given in-and-out privilege.
Sorry I should have said army.
I isst thought y’all woooshed me but then I realized what subreddit I’m on
Good suggestion, he does a great job guarding [NAME] in their matchups
I have this problem but without caffeine
Hit it off really well.
If you are as ugly as you say you are, you're already a statistical outlier.
>Also, you realize that both parties largely dabble in identity politics. Oh absolutely! It's a major reason I hate [NAME].
That would be the greatest night ever!
Are you saying he put in the wrong oil?
Well good luck if you yourself help with that, i'm out of here, i can't be bothered fighting with USSR stans.
An update: the neighbor who was taken away was told later their retest in the afternoon was negative — but they couldn’t leave anymore. The retest was done by Haizhu CDC.
Flames redden skies; heroes rush from all sides. Iron wills charge the inferno, deeds resound in heaven. In the south, crowds bid heroes farewell. Crimson blood, loyal hearts—glory eternal. 🙏
Haha I’m two edibles in and have shoveled twice...
I've never been this sad in my life!
#resentment best Beyoncé song #dontdebateme #resentment #dontdebateme
as a very depressed and suicidal person seeing someone sing about their own depressing life yet having fun is very relatable and encouraging
We have ungendered/mix sex bathrooms and I'm pretty sure people void and defecate in them too.
let me emphasize that word *storing* not eating out of
I've wondered this too!
My favourite is when [NAME] was getting ready to be taken out of her house, but she had to have a bowl of Froot Loops first.
[NAME], someone get her a green card so she can clean rooms at the Super 8 and stop obsessing on social media.
#happiness #recipe: an open mind, #laughter, a kind #heart &amp;  #happiness #recipe #laughter #heart
I am embarrassed to admit that I was shocked to find out that his books all had the same exact weight and that you knew what that weight was...
Wow, so he was pulling his own little mini [NAME] scam. Explains why he couldn't use your reporting tool.
Hey it's really green here right now thanks to the last few rainy months!
Goodbye trust.
NOPE. Comox Valley and loving it!!
you have zero evidence that anything in this story is fabricated. your blind cop hatred just really, really wants you to believe that.
Looks like you took a bath in manure.
Fuck those people, there's no point thinking about them
@oscar_perria a multimillionaire spoiled brat who gets In a self righteous huff bc his friend is Muslim is a non starter bye!
This is super duper nasty
GSW vs TOR NBA FINALS WOULD BE DOPE BUT I WANT LAKERS VS RAPTORS TOO
Where is this video on Doesn't seem to be on any of the pages I loaded.
The guy filming creeped me out with his internet obsession. “6million views, junior, think about that! Wooo-oo-weeee :D!!!”
@The40Bar See you all October 8th. @WreckinSO is ready to tear it up #keeptalkin #wreckinso #the40 #brandonmanitoba #country #rock #blues #keeptalkin #wreckinso #the40 #brandonmanitoba #country #rock #blues
Second this. I have an anxiety disorder that has resulted in me never working a job, but my career is making YouTube videos self employed atm.
I have crowns and I thought I needed a mouth guard but it seems like I don’t anymore.
>Cars kill more people than guns Way, way more people. Alcohol too.
Man.. all I know is if I’m with a girl and she whips out a condom from her FUCKING SHOE it’s a no from me dog
Please explain how I’m genuinely curious
I like your style.
Holy shit that’s nothing
Yeah I’ve also experienced that with work friends I know what you mean. Thanks! Hope it gets better for you too :)
You know, ive always wondered how a car could get in a position like that
Thank you for charging your fucking phone!
Yep. No more lead on the roofs.
Is...Is this a Hitman themed FE Shitpost?...I dunno whether to be happy or impressed by this.
This movie, though simple but effective, shows how it is being jammed in your face is because it was just one police officer, chill.
@cardiff_blues @CardiffBluesSC Italy another round lets not drop our play and take it to them with a big result out there guys #blues #blues
Whaaat. I liked Season 8 [NAME]. I wish the whole love arc between him and [NAME] had never been a thing, but I liked [NAME].
You look better when people can’t see you <3
Everything is cool when no one gets hurt.. But as soon as something bad happens, we all scream idiots... Why...?
No, stop! He'll stop cranking the job machine if you insult him again!
I apologize for doubting you.
@JasonBHampton it's Bowers. I went and drove it for a while this evening #horrible #horrible
Bears Beets Baseball
HATE that there's ads for #depression &amp; #mentalhealth #meds. That's ONLY something your doctor can determine. Everyone is different. #ssri #depression #mentalhealth #meds #ssri
Time's up! Time's up! Time's up! Time's up!
I love how at one point you're following behind her hair watching her dodge a spear
We've actually got scientists working on that. If you're 23 right now and healthy, you've got a fairly good chance of not dying.
I'm a nervous wreck omg
That will catch up to him eventually, but right now he is dangerous
Omg I thought he was actually fired lol. Got excited ! I still approve tho
I know this is going to be one of those nights where it takes an Act of God to fall asleep.
Quit being a crybaby. If this how you handle any criticism then it's no wonder you're alone and will be for quite some time
Mine is Woman by [NAME] 😂 I get the chills when I hear that song. Maybe it is a hymn?
Be the difference you want to see in the world.
Winnipeg Jets regularly have whiteouts, though I don't believe anyone paints themselves.
Probably has to do with that fact that she is, predictably, a [NAME].
She looks like an onion
My first day with them off was quite anxious, but it got better!
@EASPORTS_MUT fix this home/away deptch chart invalid glitch. I have to close madden and re-open it everytime this happens
I'm curious, what you mean?
Wow, 5 downvotes in 3 minutes. Go you!
Lets just say its probably cheaper to just hope a more positive outlook reflects on your out-look.
[NAME] dumb friends wanted him with the little baddie. and now he's gonna end up back in jail. Oh [NAME] I love [NAME].
[NAME] has been doing everything great except for shooting. It will start falling eventually
In my high school, the top science student was a girl… Even in junior high, most top 50 were girls.
@ibishotelsuk @ibisHotels_FR @ibishotelbr @ibishotel @ibishotelBDG @ibishotel1 to give me my keys back. They aren't for my house!
If the cops don't let you win 30% of the time, stop asking them to play.
the original concern was about one particular type of vaccine, not all vaccinations.
Oh I didn't know. Please give me his P.O. Box address so I can submit them immediately. Cause I am definitely uninterested in blowing out my intestines.
@stevierayrob Can Elliot Friedman please stop talking, you are clueless. You haven't seen the ball since the kickoff. #mope #mope
So good.
Hope + Sabres = Mistake Just remember that you love hockey and do your best to enjoy the ride.
So unsurprised by this, one of the most hated people in the music world.
Holy shit I didn’t realize he didn’t fumble all season that’s wild
Your attempts to belittle me show only more insecurities on your part.
First thought: OHHH FUCK FUCK FUCK!!! Okay, time for me to submerge and introduce this MOTHAFUCKAS EYE BALLS to these hands
I think 'Sleep' is my favorite from How did we get so dark?, maybe because I'm insomniac
I am also interested in this link!
thanks, i didn”t think of it that way but i guess it”s true
I've had a crown and bracelets made for me with old ad. Glad I'm not alone
I’m stuck at work tonight so I missed it 😢😢
Your username sort of checks out? Lol
@schokokitsune As much as I always eat....so no. -w- \n\nBut I shake all the time, so eeeeh. Maybe I should go see a doctor 'cause of it .w.
Live about 2 mins from there. Love the view of Waramaug from Tanner Hill.
Thank you for doing these, i wanna learn our prospects more and this helps
Our classmate Mark had passed away late last night in his sleep.
Look at those replies defending murderer Chen Shifeng — always blaming the victim. What a messed-up world, full of crap people.
As we shouldn't. We are trying to win a SB here not showcase another star player.
Hahah wow I've thought the same thing a million times.. Glad I'm recognizing what I've been doing for so long and trying to change now
I'm allowed to sulk
Justified or not he'll probably go before [NAME]
Thank you for sharing your perspective, and talent.
I don’t get why he hasn’t brought his insta account back, he did used to use it from time to time
>Dumb, but wonderful. That's my kind of a pet. Silly,soft and adorable.
Have you actually found the last honest orthodontist out there?
I loved [NAME] back in the day. He always seemed to pancake [NAME].
you would love the episode of the boondocks called the return of the king.
Feels unfinished — many loose ends. How did the inspectors know Tan Siyin was buried under the highway? How’s it tied to Qiangsheng Group? Plot holes everywhere.
Who would have thought people were going to be using the Padres for their fake news to generate clicks. This is nuts.
@ToddDoug @Ziggomattic Yeah, this actually supports why I tweeted in this thread initially. Because of the article's righteous indignation.
The 'banter' from Craigen and Sutton on BT is fucking horrid
Does she D U A L W I E L D
So he is half decent. Glad to see your finally making some sense.
[NAME] just keeps hopping backwards and forwards in time with no repercussions?
I’m now getting the last of the tea out of my nose
This is so damn cute, I love it!
Kind of wierd to wield something you agree with someone on as a weapon against them
As someone from Louisiana I am always thankful for Mississippi and West Virginia for holding down the absolute bottom
What's worse than feeling discouraged? Not finding an emoji for feeling discouraged
I’m gonna research more I bet they’re expensive
I was expecting her to come in to work looking like [NAME] from the [NAME] show...
Yeah, I have made it clear to most or all of my friends that I am not available instantly, lol
I came back to work and I found the charlkboard like this. No idea how it got that way. Weird.
There's a lot big talk here that will look kinda dumb if we're third/fourth midseason. I hope we aren't being clowned halfway through the season...
What would you consider to be oppression of women?
Yesterday my back stared killing me, by 4:30 the pain was unbearable.
They were literally traitors to America
My roommate: it's okay that we can't spell because we have autocorrect.  #firstworldprobs #firstworldprobs
I actually have the complete collection so I can play any of them when I want to!
I'm flattered but I'm a good [RELIGION] scarf
Such pointless sophistry — the two complement each other! Sleep all day, game all night, do nothing — and expect success?
He said some facts and you accused him for being 50c. From his tone you can't even tell he's a supporter of CPC.
This is my favorite reddit conversation I’ve seen in a while
yep. I feel guilty for throwing them out but they're basically useless.
Thank you, next
I wish [NAME] played like [NAME]
Totally. I loved when she used air quotes for the word “fiancé.”
I highly doubt they would do that in CA. That would put prices at 36$/pack and no one is going to pay 9$/pod.
You have to spit into a plastic vial. It would take some decent effort to pull that off.
I love happy endings.
Btw how do you use conditioner is it something before or after the soap
Y’all out here really believing this and I think that’s the funniest part
Great pick! Especially when I realized she was meant to lose yesterday...good luck!
Bring it on, I’ve played enough PUBG for a good pan battle!
I'd be extremely shocked if we don't get [NAME]. As for [NAME], I don't know much about him
@mcauley_ross rojo is awful
How was the problem resolved??? Having the same issue????
I'll take the Akot 3 but man that shot is ugly
The exact same guy.
There will always be an audience for this sort of stuff, look at [NAME]
It happens to me in relatively short streaks last one 13 days and I noticed it was a bit yellow
Genuinely fascinating.
Have you been to one before? If so what is your experience with it? I’m nervous as hell
YOU LIKE TURTLES? Gimme a second.
It's because you play against 1000 ms ping EU players that have no idea what's going on. Happy hunting!
Ha! Yup same-same! He was my first intimate relationship. I have had other drunk encounters but I don’t count them lol
He’s had big games for us before, it’s just his lack of consistency and effort
What’s surprising? Overseas Chinese even earned sharp criticism on CCTV: “Absent in nation-building, fastest in spreading poison from afar.”
Ignoring the overall anti-epidemic effort and its hard-won results, promoting family affection and returning home—this is bourgeois humanism gone wild!
You are right. Totally my bad.
Haha. This is awesome. And I can't unsee it.
1, you,, you,, actually shat on a hamster? 2. Washing your hamster can kill it 3. You fucking shat on your hamster
Wait, so you really can't carry bags to school in US?
Ooof, I’m so sorry, that is rough.
BONE-SHAKINGLY MEDIOCRE BROTHER
Sadly I know lots of peeps that would find this dude hot. He has that LA 90’s Persian chic thing going for him
This is what I come to this sub for
Happy New Year Everybody!
No, this was pretty expected
Did you have to make this picture yourself because it’s just wonderful
proper fucking order
How long?? @connor9mcintyre 😢😢😢 #Phelan #brilliance #phelan #brilliance
We did it chief
Let me know how that spicy coco turns out please!!!
Who is telling you looks don't matter at all? Your grandmothers?
if the game would stop crashing on my ps4 that would be great :c
Don't get #weary in well doing.\n#Faith #God #prayer #weary #god #prayer
Regulars on this sub are generally a bunch of brainwashed dummies [NAME] cabinet probably exhibits more independence of thought
My favorite is when he puts his name at the end of the sentence like this. It makes his comment seem so Eloquent! Best, [NAME]
I can’t stand [NAME] but that was heartbreaking
He wasn’t drafted and is properly rated imo. Had a crazy career for sure. Beat the odds many times
i have this comic and I love this bit!
Nothing more Jersey than the sound of car horns over [NAME] rambling out an annoyed answer to a caller.
She wants this “family thing “ more than she wants her daughter to feel safe.
I recognise raz0r from a different discord
Always remember that when problems get hardcore, Pornshit will be there to Worst them.
Twitter is a font of endless hilarity.
I'm scared that my coworkers are going to submit me to one of those 'wardrobe makeover' shows.  #fashion #fashion
The older I get the more I just want to sit and be still on psychs
I'll never forget how great [NAME] was that day.
I hope she lives to be 200, just to piss them off.
I’m from Ohio and I live in Wyoming now so I don’t find it weird at all.
The more I look the worse it gets
I'm ashamed it took me a while to get it
@mackenzian yes! That was my one qualm. These are deeply theological issues we're engaging theologically.
This makes me want to die
What? That is the most recent big meme, it's not cringy
:) this made me smile. I laughed so hard at the blinker fluid part. You and [NAME] are proof that not all heroes wear capes.
He was not my boyfriend then, duh.
It would be hilarious if it was a pasta place too
Yeah, he knows about my mental health and how bad it cam get, we've tried all the things that have worked in the past
I'm know Ashtabula. I'm from Lorain. That's cool that the company got bigger though.
Then go in loud. I did that my first playthrough
Yeah, sometimes you just remember stuff! It's a little weird to thank yourself publicly, but why not?
Great to hear that. Scary few hours for y’all.
My disbelief was outstanding.
Was he good back then?
Also upvoted. Karma always helps. Edit: thanks for all the upvotes guys. I appreciate your support
This is trying way too hard. Ease up on the carefully sculpted one-liners and I might start to believe this was even partially real.
Please ask questions about moving to Denver in the Q&A sticky, thanks! Short answer: no
I will take it a as serious question. Sorry. I am in Europe
I made a severe and continuous lapse of judgement....
Not rare, considering how large the metro area is now. For an individual being impacted by one it is very rare though.
Just seems a little much for -40 downvotes. Seems like people are offended. I just don't get it
No....no its not. Anyways thanks for being honest. I needed to hear it from someone else.
That’s always what I thought as well, but isn’t that essentially being transphobic, etc?
A jerk to *us* because we didn't get to see either of them get face-pied. XD
I would love to see your evidence for any of this above and below stuff. Go ahead, I'll just wait right here....
And here is my personal favorite, “To weigh one couple’s pathetic-ness against the others is to split the hairs that [NAME] collected.” Truth 💆🏽‍♀️
> Love is more important than some job. You can't be serious? Please tell me you're just joking.
Oh yes the dreaded Sabres second period:(. I hope they win tonight.
[NAME] is creepy about nearly everything, but the way she is so possessive over [NAME] is super uncomfortable.
They aren’t really being choosy.
I set off down the street, walking with my head tilted slightly downwards, hiding my face from view.
Tell us more about this magical potion. How do we craft it
What a nice person helping the mentally disabled.
i cant live anymore my roblox got termianted :((((((((((((((((((((((((  #killme #lol #robloxgamer #killme #lol #robloxgamer
I'm keeping my mouth shut. I don't want you yokels crowding up the wine store I go to.
Thank you for the level headed advice
Trying to loveee somebody, just wanna love somebody right now, guess there's just no pleasing me
Dudes never show any interest in me irl so I was just thinking about getting a Tinder. Seems like people have much lower standards on there so fuck it
Might be an overestimate at this point.
Just think of the awesome stories though!
snap: hiAleshia 😃
Is that max?
It's the feeling of injecting crap into my veins and feeling my soul being sucked slowly through the needle drinking from my arm like a giant mosquito that I loathe.
NOBODY TELL HIM
But it seems like im only meeting pros but im silver 6
Don't play dumb we all know what you were implying, you racist nazi.
I was staying at a supposedly haunted hotel with some friends.
Mmm ... Chicken milk.
they could be extinct. plenty of creatures no longer exist anymore.
im shaking and crying right now this is so powerful
American conservatism has been stolen by the neo Nazi, bigoted crowd. [NAME], [NAME], et al would vilify these hacks.
And to think all along I was wondering if it was left hand turn day or just me!
If we hurry, we can still catch the heroin craze!
I did love seeing [NAME] and [NAME] guest on the last episode of the Orville.
They're wrong I don't like math and I'm still ugly
Okay, you accidentally injured someone. Good luck in court buddy
that's like a kel'thuzad/kael'thas wet dream right there. Line them up for disgusting aoe XD
if they did I'd expect it'd be 50% more than a local store. The prices in their duty free are generally bad
I want to downvote. But this sub is for stuff like this so I want to upvote. Man being part of interent hazmat is tough
Honestly, it’s probably for the best if he didn’t know his father too well.
No #gbbo from us tonight sadly, we've got a date with some nachos @ODEONCinemas #BridgetJonesBaby #gbbo #bridgetjonesbaby
Manchester derby at home
" I figure she probably spent all night hiding in a corner.
Fun fact: you can stop this by removing the prostate that would be epic
@jamieyates That's what we strive for, Jamie! Please don't hesitate to reach out if you have any questions along the way. 🙂
He's been holding back for the last 2.5 years. Seems to find it easy for some reason...
I used this one just last night. Worked like a charm
I really want [NAME] out of these two, but I’m curious who he would tap as OC.
If push comes to shove the easy alternative is you show up for work and take up space but don't actually perform your job.
Honestly, it would be even better if she handed the reigns to a brick. Then no deal definitely happens and everyone's happy ever after :D
I wish that laugh would jump off
I fully agree. What works for one doesn't worth for another. Good luck.
YEAH! How dare he ask if you were feeling ok!!!
You know this is really messed up and unacceptable, but it mainly forced the realization that I’ve never played with Omniknight.
Haha wait why does this sounds so familiar
Well gen 3 was my first so it’s great!
these confident bitches should scare you the most
Wow, i never really understood how bad the star wars perecuelse really are till this moment.
If you did, then it wouldn't be an assumption. I'm entirely unconvinced that you did.
The part that shocks me is that they allowed him to wear shorts in regular class.
Depends. Are your "toys" dildos and butt plugs? Or needles and strangers?
I moved from Chicago to Indianapolis a couple years ago. Nobody shovels their sidewalks here. Nobody. It's pure horror.
That's a fantastic reply! Thanks.
Yeah, my mom would tell at and hit our family dog. She was a tiny little dog too. :(
I've debated shaving my head just to avoid this. My haircuts often get stretched several extra weeks because i'm dreading it.
“Competition is suppose to motivate you to do better everytime not to be bitter all the time” -De philosopher DJ Kyos \n#quote #success #CSGO #success #csgo
[NAME] died for our shins
6lbs is a lap dog, if someone shoots that cause they're scared it's aggressive...
Those are some pissed off lookin Nucks
You're welcome. I'm always up for providing ammo for fighting the narrow minded and religiously intolerant.
There are racist morons everywhere.
Yes honey, now go get the mop.
FUCK, THANKS!
I like how bro is just underlined for no reason
The other cop left a fucking animal ordinance notice on his patio chair
He’s creepy
What’s she interested in? Has she taken any interest in games that you play?
This is true healthy beauty! A woman’s full, energetic figure — when did that become “unrefined”?
And thus begins my 2 week holiday! 😏😏\n #holiday  #ghastinoir #rest #holiday #ghastinoir #rest
This is amazing. WTF.
"*You can sifu stance your bitchass on outta here!"*
Could not agree more!!
It’s amazing how the r/synthwave sub is just endless remixes of this poster. And the LEGO Movie 2 poster is too.
I'm sure there's a trash bag full of 'em around there somewhere. Probably next to the insulin. You want some?
That would be perfect! Wish I had that.
Maybe that's what the jerseys looked like 7 years ago when that photo of [NAME] was taken.
Just because they think it’s attractive doesn’t mean it’s sexist
[NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] just yelling over each other and [NAME] looking around like what the...?
They were my favorites. Players apparently hated them though.
Native Guangzhounese here. Haven’t posted in 3+ years, but your rational take deserves a like. Yes, I’m a “Guangzhou traitor” who sympathizes with Hubei folks.
She won't be happy single. One of her biggest wishes is that she wants someone to love her for her, not her claim.
i didn't figure 3 or 5 hours would break us up
yeah but [NAME] as well? unless she's significantly younger than him.
He lost his shoes. He’s legally dead.
This will not happen bru
I realised hatred does only more of self damage. Over time even the hatred fades.
> modern art Modern art lasted from 1860 at the earliest to 1970 at the latest. Thanks for your art critique though, it was very informative.
Mother of [NAME]... Im not grossed out very easily. I can stomach just about anything. But this made my fucking skin crawl....
The incorrect number of O's has depressed me
Why's it called going into 86'ed mode though? I've never heard that before, it's interesting
You sound angry.
Everytime I wore white pants! Finally got an ablation after kids, best procedure I've ever had besides lasik.
Clamato? I see you Canada. And I like it. By the way, we need Wonderbars here in the US. Thanks
Sorry !! You’re real good at that!!
Fackin foreigners trying to steal ar players! #WeAreAllTommyWright #wearealltommywright
Thanks - I had not heard of shootings in chapels.
Seemingly because the bartenders were very heavy handed.
Then he should have had his head up. This is hockey, not figure skating. Great hit! I miss that kind of contact in the game.
What’s there to predict? The dubbed lines clearly changed the plot. Is there a director’s cut version we can watch?
@outmagazine jesus heck you're awful
The fuck is “mog?!”
i know there were talks about it, but its doubtful :(
Thanks! Going to try this the next time I'm at work
Wow, automated can collection is news in 2019? Literally have done this for a decade minimum...
But if you go to fredmeyer, which is also Kroger, It's like 50% cheaper on most things. lol.
Do it successfully and coal country will still say it’s a stupid idea.
Hope Lao Hu gets infected once then writes about it — his writing helps people grasp things better.
3 weeks or so' away from her kid for some 'alone time'? I feel sorry for that kid.
omg so quirky
Spoiler alert, it's terrifying and depressiong
I'm not gonna lie, I'm guilty of being triggered by people buying NASA shit but don't really care about it.
This too. It’s about how much excess the wealthy have, not how they acquired it.
Again nothing, you are the one obsessing over that term, he literally says he puts girls on a pedestal.
That's... why I'm here.
In between extremely difficult contractions as I was bent over to let the epiduralist do his work with a minimum of motion from me, I asked veikko to repeat `` you are not dying '' to me, because it really felt like my brain believed that despite all logic.
My only issue with private schooling is it discourages those with children in private schools from wanting money to go towards public education.
You sure are outraged about some people making fun of [NAME]. Gee, that's easy!
Yay! Congrats!
@BaileyDemented @hsmitty3 ill kill u if u bully her 😤😤😤
Actually, I don't look a lot in the mirror so I can forget how ugly I am .
Just 58 seconds more boys. Hang in there!!
I want to give my peers money, so they can fight for my rights and privilges- see the bus pass discussion in this thread.
Where is the problem? **Just do it again!**
I'm sure they love plenty of other snacks just as much!
Thank you guys so much! IM FINALLY IN THE KNOW!
What a great read, its interesting to look at things from that perspective.
Timestamp it for me then, apparently I didn't listen when Mom said that would make me go blind.
I didn’t hear his voice, only saw his mouth moving and his facial expression. I could just feel it was him—radiating bad intentions.
Nope.cool !🅱️RO
Sorry mate, you’ve got the wrong sub. This is for **bad** UK.
Exhibit A, lol
Why is anyone surprised. It has never worked.
Why ask other than to be rude?
Never seen somebody project so hard in my LIFE Also [NAME] @ them directly quoting lines from the article in the comments Gives me r/iamverysmart vibes
There's part of me that hates this, And part of me that thinks it's good
Ace ventura is a fantastic film outside the extreme transphobia
😭I don’t doubt it. He deserves all the love too.
Just got done reading that part. Even [NAME] saw it in her dream and she never knows shit.
You should find that for us. Also normally higher profile guys like [NAME] don't actually participate in the senior bowl
My tongue is still a little scorched lol. But totally worth it
Thank you for saying this. It is disrespectful to me. And it hurts.
Great thanks for the advice!
Maybe stop being a safe place for terrorists and [NAME] and you won't get banned lololol You alt-right snowflakes sure don't understand Irony, huh?
This has worked for me so many times, whenever I try to make a new habit I try to maintain it for 2 weeks and then it becomes routine
Right?!
There are no helpful ideas like the one you're looking for. There is only one idea... Tell your parents and get authorities involved.
Happiness is always there. You just have to choose to see it. There's no point dwelling in the dark and ignoring the light of the stars.
I'm elated to hear that 🤗
Well that isn't fucking creepy.
Thank you!! Makes sense, I was deciding between laxes and stool softeners so I think I'll just go with the lax teas
Bahaha I wish! I copied and pasted it off the internet but yeah that’s some serious research
Good job Mr [NAME]. That is all
Wow. Have that much debit in your bovada account is something crazy. Props to you
Orange fan sad. :(
My favorite joke of all time - whenever someone says 'My head hurts' you say 'it'll get better with practice'.
I’m offended that your offended
I'm afraid she's the goat you libeling people? #afraid #goat #libeling #afraid #goat #libeling
He has been training for this 5k for about 20 years
And yes I also thought [NAME] was someone else too!
“Live up to the future, give it your all.” His path is unfolding; may the youth walk bravely under the sun, fearless forever.
It's so difficult keeping track on who is friendly with who in the Middle East. How are Iraq:s relations with Turkey and their own Kurdistan nowadays?
Idk what dumbass downvoted you, somatotypes are bullshit lol
Most valuable comment
Lol that reaction was golden
I agree. There's no denying he's handled it pretty badly, though.
Where can I get some? These are awesome!
I would spend money on hots again for this skin !
I think compiling all this into a book is worthwhile. I shared your work in our group—everyone reacted strongly.
yikes i thought it was just a joke transformer [NAME]
You are retarded
Death approaches! -[NAME] 2013 (I think)
dont get how it was a bad episode. this sub really likes to nitpick i guess.
y meme when the news memes for u?
I’m sure you’ve been accosted many times by the cops, or as I call them “[NAME] fash squad” !!!
yes, i fucking hate that.
“I don’t need no more sisters, I got enough last year” *cut to shocked mid drag faces in the werk room*
The rich are horrible, horrible people..... and yet we keep voting GOP to give them more tax breaks, the hell is wrong with us?
One of the most reasonable comments I've ever read on the site (sad, right?). Salute to you
Welp. That sucks. I always check left and right when crossing an intersection, getting T-boned is one of my biggest fears.
> It’s generally viewed upon as being one of the worst [NAME] games ever made. No it isn't. Source that claim.
I mean I don't think he's gonna come out and call [NAME] a bitch even if he feels that way
Why does everyone insist on trying to do this? Just open the [NAME] damn bottle with your thumb like a decent human being.
A 28 yr old man threw a saucepan of boiling water at a garda, &amp; then hit the garda with the shaft of a brush...Letterkenny District Court.
just asking a question... like I said I haven't been watching other teams much this year so Idk what players values are like right now...
I was in the dark room for 58 minutes and failed every time I tried developing a photo I'm so frustrated with myself :')
Teeth. I really want good teeth and my hair is nice and easily maintainable atm
[NAME] is [NAME].
I really don't like the way she says zombie. It sounds like she tryed to fill up space.
WE'LL CALL IT A DRAW
if the pain doesn't go away after 4 hours or so, it's broke.
@kerrybowen_ you have anger issues!
No. Can’t get off to my own sex.
Man I know youre joking but they swept us and still got the better pick. Pretty lame.
Yeah, if companies really wanted to ameliorate the lack of programmers they could hire and train more juniors, but that doesn't benefit them much.
OK, I better understand the distinction you're making. Thanks.
I mean, is she supposed to seem joyous when she's talking Rodrigo Duterte, ISIS, the American economy, etc.? Think about what you're saying.
The sin was refusing to impregnate his brother's widow when [NAME] directly told him to. It's not just about wasting semen.
Sounds like a really bad time. Just wait till you have a nice time and place to trip.
I'm curious to see the difference, but sadly that's not really something you can just ask someone.
You mean the Chelsea?
It takes them 6 guys, all firefighters mind, and one old schoolteacher, to lift this oak dresser off Meridian.
What about hot water?
you deserve love too
damn thats good
Like thanks for your valuable input?
This is awesome. I have so much junk in my head that I need to address the way you describe. Thanks for sharing.
If they could just let us customize the lines it’d be fine
Of cheerfulness, or a good temper - the more it is spent, the more of it remains.
@The_East_End And the air raid alarm was actually false.  There was no attack inbound at the time.
So what? The LW doesn't. want. more. children.
Looks like he deleted it. Can’t find it on his profile history
On the bright side, my music theory teacher just pocket dabbed and said, 'I know what's hip.' And walked away 😂😭
@KermodeMovie I shall be mooning him cheerfully when he arrives. Although he probably won't be president by then...
I'm doing a lot better. It means a lot that you checked in on me. Thank you!
[NAME] Instagram story last night had a Mexican dinner for two cooking at his home. I bet they're already together.
Wait for real? That's how they met? lol that's both terrifying and completely fitting considering how nuts they both are
She's a weekend mother at best.
Nah, just gotta aim better.
Wow, the Wizards are horrible
I can hear [NAME] now: "Why don't I have a mic why don't I have a mic FUCK I need a mic"
The impact of his head hitting the court looked so bad. I hope he'll recover from this.
They want to play the best team to learn the most.
Your idea of what a nice entre or nice wine cost at a restaurant are... Interesting....
“#Woe unto #you that are #full! for ye shall #hunger. #Woe unto you that #laugh now! for ye shall #mourn and #weep.”\nLuke 6:25 #woe #you #full #hunger #woe #laugh #mourn #weep
CURRRRRRRRY!
The vast mountains and earthly lights—none are you, yet all are you.
Her hair has looked it’s best since around 2015ish. I love the dark hair on her with the subtle pops of color.
Our draft choices are horrible anyway, it doesn't matter where we pick.
Me too, [NAME]. Me too.
You are right
I haven't been much on this sub recently. Is this a common theme?? If so that's just freaky.
What does scalp mean?
When I was in Uni I worked in a call centre. Pay was better than retail but it was worse on the soul.
Haha the death and suffering here! Haha he had kids! Haha he was a philanthropist! Haha you might be a sociopath.
and now i went there...and got ragey and stabby LOL wtaf is wrong with people?! obviously, rhetorical question...but wtaf
[NAME] fast asleep is adorable. I love how the two blonde girls are asleep and with drool.
Back on my #bully #bully
I get scared just reading your flair
You’re allllll alone [NAME], lmfao.
I kinda figured it out after I edited that and reread it all. It then sunk in that I got baited harder than a fish.
Levi and I arrived in an eye-capturing city that really blew me off my feet.
>the silent majority This is the most ignorant thing I've read so far today
Also because someone could then be either "An Asexual" or "A Sexual", and that would be confusing out loud.
Ty for introducing me to The Barberettes, friend! The taste is *superb*
Good question... maybe it has something to do with expanding their international flights? Although if I remember correctly they unload you somewhere else to go through customs.
Wow that's so lit🔥🔥🔥😂😂💦💦💦 im so proud of your autistic son for making it LOL OUT LOUD 👏👏👏💦💦💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏😘😘
Why is it always me picking up the pieces :/
One day, we lost all contact.
Well of course there was an accident they were all driving on the wrong side of the road.
@CBCNews Canada should be a driving force of democracy freedom rights - instead we help #dictator #misogyny #Sharia #Islam #terror #polygamy #dictator #misogyny #sharia #islam #terror #polygamy
I try and test my beliefs all the time, makes them stronger!
Can't relate because the sadness and loneliness is constant 😎
Wow, I stand corrected, it's *even worse* than I thought!
It’s called concern trolling. Don’t be so gullible and quick to politicize everything.
I'm loving the possibility of fighting a Chimera in the DLC.
Is this something from [NAME]?
Im always worrying about the same thing, thats why Im always posting and within hours freaking out and deleting my posts
Bannner and flask are both viable for both sides, just mess around and get a feel for them.
Same with Janus Portal. Countless times have people gotten away because the portal protects them from big damage.
Last three times have been lost Final, won Final, lost ECF, which is insane. Just a shame that's over the course of 17 years
I remember one of my friends was ~~super~~ into this in High School. It was super weird.
That depends, some are only on low t doses with shit genetics while others are blasting tren with their break fast
Too easy. I’m selling at $18k on Jan 12, 2021 so I can be pissed at myself for not selling the top
Wow! I just played my self
Ok, if that's what you think. I'm just a bystander at this point and laughing at how angry people are getting.
It happened so fast I didn't even have time to be scared.
Sitting around a few years ago with about 5 friends at my best friends house, i'm watching someone play ps2 and i notice a hand reach out from between the t.v.
Is that bottom trey filled with beer? If so, how did he acquire them?
Yeah my guess at this point is either a 2 year bridge or 8x8.
Where your steps cannot reach, your vision can; where your vision cannot reach, your spirit can soar.
Love your username!
That k9 cop is such a bad ass Look at him carry this guy
EGG ROLLS. That's why your progress isn't good.
It’s always about sentience. We already generally restrict abortions about the time fetuses are believed to start feeling pain.
Yeah I regret ever moving to Leduc. It's one of the most backwoods, proud-to-be-ignorant communities I've ever seen.
Can you believe that? I mean that, THAT is what I call posing. Missed a that
tyvm for this advice actually, i was totally bamboozled on this topic
Nervously laughs in anxiety
Life is short, and everything passes in a blur. Live freely, live happily. Do what you love and be your true self. Don’t chase fame or fortune—act out of interest, live by conscience. Don’t seek perfection, only a clear heart; don’t seek everyone’s approval, only understanding; don’t seek merit, only a life without regret.
something about opening mail is just...very pleasing
Let's wait for January patch, and hope that your problems will be resolved soon. I have too much fun in this game right now :)
[NAME] is Asian. She is also white. She has talked before about how she does not like people to erase either half of her.
Agreed. I don't know what the middle ground is, but it's somewhere between neglect through inaction and traumatic physical overreaction.
why do they look like their all wearing gas masks
That happened at my college, ofc TFM had to come in and brand it as their own. What a joke.
This looks amazing omg!!
[NAME] is retiring but I still agree with your point
If I'm working and I know you're working., keep in touch with other woman cuz you make me nervous... #OffTop #offtop
Once I saw who posted the video, I was certain I knew who it was, and I was right. Glad to see him back in action!
Why are the campaign finance violations “innocuous”? Because you think the charges are fraudulent or because your chosen team is charged with them?
Multitasking .... I may have to induce these seeds of mine to sleep.
Like any relationship... Communication is key 🔑 Oh yeah Please just be yourself
Dude that was in like October abandon all hope
The whole post reeks of troll.
It's full of what?!
Ah there it is
if it's "unavailable" it's deffo not from the cold lol :D
They might be giants. Anything, but albums John Henry and Apollo 18 are good value.
And according to [NAME] even Green Arrow couldn't defeat Cicada. Though wasn't that the non-butterflied-by-Nora-punching-the-satellite version of Cicada?
Difference between city and rural. In Toronto, if you indicate there's no way anyone's going to let you in. Signals show weakness.
Please try again; even [NAME] would make for a better ending.
I blame [NAME] for this series of unfortunate events
Rooney is 5 yards off the pace in a League Cup game against Northampton Town. Let that sink in for a moment. #MUFC #mufc
Thanks for the laugh 😂😂
I really hope more queer couples have kids. It needs to become more normalized. I definitely want at least 2, probably through surrogacy.
Worried about it escaping....now that's fresh food.
>You do realize that video is from a movie right? >Mentions [NAME]
Quick! Go get volvo involved!
Same notice in Zhumadian — basically all Henan cities are like this now! What’s the point of “low-risk areas” then? Sigh!
@Ginger_Naylor *Connie came back in* Hey you seem a bit more lively
Well you wrote out this big comment, and it reads well but when you actually think about what you’ve said, IMO it really means nothing.
Well in that case you should just tell other people I guess. And welcome to Reddit.
Am I *wooshing*? I don’t believe there’s a patriarchy in the US
It'd probably be useful to more than women, but I'm dealing with re-reading an article about a woman being harassed on the subway. #concern #concern
I love this sub. You are my people. ;)
Would love to donate as well!
@NFYFC @Wilkster_ hmm, don't know many yf  who are short on confidence! Wish I'd been one, #shy #shy
I've had 8+ minute frozen dinners
Even [NAME] has said "I'm happy *for you*" to pregnant women he's known.
I gave up on the show over and over before I adopted 'just skip around'. Ended up finishing all of 3-6.
You could visit my family palace in croatia...
"These people didn't go to my church therefore they are demonic"
Let's hope the ct scan gives us some answers on this lump today #nervous #nervous
Thanks I hate it.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @mrgummyking  #musically #musically
What no one in the history of time has ever recovered from a bad first date? Hard pass on this anecdotal evidence.
The worst part is the character in the image behind it is great and this just hurts to read in his voice.
You have plenty of time. Forget about women for now. Focus on improving your status by getting a good education.
One of my worst nightmares. Ugh.
Made me cry and my one year old golden who was laying near my feet ended up coming up and snuggling me.
Truly wretched.
Prove me wrong then. Find another poll that supports your narrative. Until that point my source is what we have to go by.
oh yeah? what if i can't read at all?
Hahaha well good! Let me know if you have any questions or anything
I'm curious as to how to explain this to a young child? I will like I flounder at this.
Braves clubhouse report podcast says don't write off [NAME] to the Braves. Podcast removed from my subscription list. Lol
I’ll see you there. I laughed out loud at this one too. RIP.
Well, it is generating them. It has a vector space (latent space) from which you can pick out a face.
Eventually sure. But the question really lacked the maybe later option lol
It's a good day at work when you get to shake Jim Lehrer's hand. Thanks, @keratx! Still kicking myself for being to shy to hug @mcuban.
They look down on her so much they put her on the House Financial Services Committee...
The whole country is an incompetent scam.
[NAME] please. Everyone has already figured that out.
Seems hard to overturn — they asked in the first trial: “You did this test hundreds of times — why resist only this once?” Could even mess up with contradictions in court.
If your greed kills 2 people, it's worse than your murder killing 1. I don't know how this is hard for you to understand.
GOOD [NAME] ALIGHTY, HE'S BROKEN IN HALF
You dirty scavenger
Meant to post in r/Photoshop . There are more people online on r/Advice , though. Thanks for reminding me. Can you help me with my problem?
I wish it were. It would be funny to imply that [NAME] won [NAME] shirt!
No, don’t wait it out. Do everything you possibly can to lose it earlier in the meantime.
World has Turned and Left Me Here.
I keep forgetting she won! Just goes Bob Alaska Aquaria for me until I’m reminded!
THIS IS THE JOKE
@bismahmalik .....Seems like a fight ready to rage on.....
Stop thinking about yourself. Go help someone and work hard at being useful. There's no satisfaction or fulfillment in self-obsession. Get over yourself.
Yo u r awesome op. Gold me :D
Bless u x
I was thinking the same and was relieved when I read peed on kitchen floor!
She grinned toothlessly and with a cackle, spoke: Now your *third* wish.
MEEEEEEEEE. Most people don't get my humour, but every now and then somebody does and we non-stop laugh together.
My cat stole my KFC once. I stole his ability to be inside for the day.
I was looking for this comment, was not disappointed.
I take it you haven't checked your balances lately...
If anybody needs me I'll be drowning my blues in a sea of whiskey 🍻
Nice dude, aimheros just what I've used.never heard of kovaaks. Thanks for the tip, I'll give it a try tonight.
[NAME] being discussed as top 15-20 pick, [NAME] top 5 and [NAME] early round 2. This would be the most amazing draft ever though lol
@alicereidy more of a hearty Italian man myself
Oy vey! Shut it down!
It's fucking incredible how many people would like you if you would just make eye contact and smile at them. Fucking incredible
Any broncos fans out there that care to weigh in on this? Interested to hear your thoughts
Wow, essential oils can now replace oxygen
That IS crazy!
this is killing me LMAO
Tell us your story, too, [NAME] :) Sooooo many more details to mine, ooooofffff... i tried to be brief
Jon and I decided to see how long it took for someone to notice the ring on my finger.
What the actual fuck?
I’m at a loss for words
Then let's point it out even harder! Oh, and by the way, Happy Cake Day!
What? I though unicorns farted candy floss?!
You can't just make bold claims like that and provide no evidence.
What lobotomy by public schooling looks like...
5 goals in 87 appearances last season between McKay, Holt and Windass! Simply is horrific! Get midfield balance sorted and team will fire!
the teams that face Barca and Bayern after a defeat are the ones who face the wrath
this is a fun and cute presentation etc WAAAAAAAH
My face imitated the Pikachu meme for a long time...
I've read the series through 4 times. There is literally zero reason to believe that.
Compelling argument, in line with expectation
It’s one of my worst nightmares to have skin like that...I hope that person gets actual help
Hopefully with in this day and age where there ar rapid technology improvements, this child will be able to live at least a semi normal life
Just googled him. Only thing is how do I get in contact with him.
No deal then? Sick of reading about this shite.
People only treat you the way you allow them to.
The light socket doesn’t provide any light, so it’s useless.
Women should be able to make their own decisions about their bodies. They are conscious when their fetuses are not. Their priorities matter more in these situations.
if you see someone has the am logo as their only profile pic its pretty obvious they would be looking for an affair, at least to me.
At this point I am questioning your sanity, you compare a guy with 40/34 goal seasons to a kid who literally can't hit the net
How does it feel to beat [NAME] toothless and only get a crappy draw?
Real fact, Elephants see us as cute in the same way we see dogs and cats as cute.
That’s so drastic. Just hide it by parting your hair on the other side for 2 weeks till the gap’s not so visible.
hmmmmm I still love [NAME] and a lot of OR candidates but thank you
Thankyou for correcting me.
Scratch that, tickets go on sale February 7th.
Ok you cant expecteveryone to be a meme lord and get the name correct😂😂😂
That fellow sure is one hell of a sweet talker!
Think the word you’re looking for is ‘Maori’
It would bother me so much to be so dependet from a Person. I am sure there is a way you can go without a person sponsoring You.
@rheafraserx took them an awfy long time to spot their goal was disallowed ☺️ #pleasing #pleasing
I mean it's not wrong
Just be there for him in the best way you can. Look out for him but also keep yourself in mind. It's all you can do
Look, [NAME]! I'm a cat. "Ffs, [NAME]. Get off the ground. You're embarrassing me."
Thank you. I’ll look into those books.
Soft boiled huh?
There’s no standard for quarantine fees in Henan, nor any public announcement. Shouldn’t the fees and standards for quarantining returnees be made public? Feel free to comment with local quarantine fee standards!
Fucking coward.
Imagine buying a product, then burning it in protest
> A kid can be trans in the same way a kid can be cisgendered. Commenters on reddit can be irresponsible.
That was more of a dumb [NAME] decision to play the corners to far back
Next headline April comes around: sorry there is hold up and we won't be ready until early July.
Same here. There's so much good to discover in any decade really.
Naw, I'm good, you're already getting your ass handed to you in this thread.
@wrexham I've joined holidog, paw shake and tailster and have one regular customer I just love it 🙈🙈haha @EmilyHD26 @ellshd
Really? Edit: Ah yea, I saw the original one. It still reminds me of Wind Maker.
Well, don't kill spiders. That's what you get. Be nice and take them outside. It's not that hard.
Ha, that would be a novel experience. He'd better let me deal with it.
Well, you *are* "Doing something else"
I will thanks :)
At my funeral, when they close the casket, I want them to play, 'Call recording has completed.'' -@GlenEwing #lost #podcasting #talkshoe #lost #podcasting #talkshoe
There are two other choices as well, each of them slightly better than the two terrible choices.
I hate not having the answers I need. #tomourssuck #prayinsnotcancer #angry #tomourssuck #prayinsnotcancer #angry
his talk show is pretty great
Hey, thank you. :) I appreciate it.
Playing with my friends
Such a young child — if he doesn’t like it, don’t force him. It’s supposed to be fun, not traumatic. Make him hate it now, he’ll hate studying later.
Someone needs to manage these community directors. Even low-risk returnees are told no, calls and texts ignored. We report three days in advance, but still can’t go back—what’s the point?
Congratulations on securing your CF Future!!!
Downtown is inconvenient, look like you've gone full county, enjoy your strip mall
Nothing like the city to remind you that you are among humans and animals.ProActive Acne Shit Review: So, after only a week of using ProActive, I started to notice the difference in my skin.
[NAME] likes making us excited, but not *too* excited
Yea I spotted it a bit later and decided to just leave it,
It's so beautiful out. If only the sun wasn't so consistently low.
Pulled from IG. IDK where it originated so no credit given. It's just making the rounds.
I see you with Zangetsu, and I like it
Not with me, no. I’m a true social butterfly
Wow thank you! I’m gonna do that!
Well I did have one balanced meal...before a few alcoholic beverages.
The Denver Broncos!!!! Owhhhhhhh!!!!
I'm convinced that libfems all hate themselves and other women. And in my actual experience with them that might not be wrong.
I sure hope so. I wanna cry tears of joy knowing [NAME] and [NAME] rode off into the sunset with one last ring.
Saw thundamentals live. happy that this song got in top 30
Hahah. I wish I could say that’ll get less painful with time but it won’t. Sorry my dude. F
Considering you could do it and be out over a highschool summer vacation, why not?
Very tired us can attendant: "here are your vagina slimes." ... thankfully the customer just laughed kt off.
Yeah, this guy actually seems quite smart. (But a horrible and manipulative person)
@RaveenElexiis I fought a racist girl and she stayed in GAVC so if you get kicked out I call BS
Not incel related
The lack of stick skills [NAME] lacks is actually astounding.
In draft I see a lot of enchantress. Even without Enchantress if Lodestone Demolition gets 6 dmg(same as Lightning Strike) I am happy.
Just called my mom and told her I love her, thank you reddit mom!
This exact scene, as a matter of fact, haha.
Wow, time to talk to the [NAME] about a FPTP alternative.
Hey beautiful! Glad you had a great time!
gorgeous pic!
I still rock my Casey Hampton pro bowl jersey!!
so lost i'm faded
okay false alarm it's working again
@leighsteinberg April 25th, 2010 for me. Keep up the good work!! #sober #prouder #sober #prouder
Then who is it? I've mixed results with all fighters, but I definitely lose to [NAME] the most.
Aaaand I'm still here. I don't have a alt account but whoever you reported I"m sure is alive and well. You're terrible.
I'd really like to see them together in something else. They have a weird chemistry that works.
I think you have to predict and dodge almost before the throw, same as [NAME] teleport kick.
Thanks man I’ll try, you stay strong too!
Hm, I haven’t heard that opinion before but it sounds good. Thanks for the advice!
no its amazing.
I appreciate your post, I’m just nervous is all, thank you
The feeling has started to come back to my eye, but I still cant raise my lip and actually inspect the damage.
The simple ones feel elegant.
lmao it was probably a good crowd for the people constantly asking where to get drugs on /r/sydney to mingle with
I carry on an empty. But I also carry a single action. So don't make my mistakes.
When everything is amazing all the time then nothing is amazing.
im pickle rick!!!!!!!!!!
Yeah. You probably dint [NAME] the cut. Sorry :-(
Just hanging out at UQ St Lucia is pretty cool.
Maybe that is where the confusion lies: Vaccines don’t make a child AUtistic, they make them AUstralian.
there's so much going through my head now, but somethings just can't be said.
I just enjoy using intelligent words...? I left him
Love this. I thought I replied this morning, but I’m definitely taking your ideas and going to try them! Best of luck
So you are in Finland or Israel? Edit: that is kind of funny, I said that, THEN clicked on your profile, and sure enough
Sharpened a pencil today, haven't sharpened once since 1999. ✏️ #exhilarating #exhilarating
[NAME] is both pretty and strong, I think it's a great name!
Yes! These people are allowed to vote and drive and do other things that affect our lives!
Was she immunosuppressed in any way?
Yes, it's Harbinger, and you can get it in the Cosmic Chest.
One of the best single-hour segments of the show I've ever seen! I hope the next two are just as good! Let's go!
I am sorry for offending you " WoW yOu WoNt EvEn LeT mY cHiLd Go ThErE aGaIn" how tf. Whoops didnt mean to reply lol
Huh... interesting. Man, russia sure is pressing its borders out. Almost like it's looking for operating bases.
wow, we really live in future
Insurance covers stupid.
Damn it. Don't mention [NAME]. Just makes me sad thinking what could have been.
@Toucherandrich there was a US diver named steele johnson. i'd like him barred from the olympics. #offended #offended
Wish I was this happy
So she knows of 3 languages, Wonder what they are?
Yikes that's cringe
Seeing this kind of vulnerability makes me appreciate her music.
My nerdy ass miss read that as [NAME]
If you enjoyed it, go for it.
Well they do say they love kids just helping create more
Calm down snowflake. Comment stalking from a week ago is really sad, especially when you're whining about something that I'm 100% right on.
It's over! Move on and find a better partner.
i love it but i hate everything around it. I want to theorycraft a deck with all the cards i want without having to spend money.
I grew up SDA as well. That probably explains my disdain for religion in general.
I don’t think there’s anything sad about how many people are attending from their country, but I am doubtful of their prospects!
Proven defense and offense at 26 years old on a contract that would cover THE ENTIRETY OF HIS PRIME isn't an upgrade over Andújar?
I love assault
Saying “the innocent remain innocent” is useless — abroad, there are those out to destroy you, and in Australia, once you’re gone, they’re #1 again. Meanwhile, locals follow the foreign lead. I just hope the Sports Bureau and Swim Center step up to protect their own athletes! #1
If she was in that mode, why would this guy even be in consideration for a Super Bowl date?
That has no bearing whatsoever on [NAME] fitness for office.
I'm no [NAME] but I do use their saying, "Hate the sin and not the sinner." Do your very best and keep going. 🍍✌
What a #lively #lovely #shower 😇 .. #lively #lovely #shower
This dad is really gentle. If it were me, seeing the windshield shattered, my first reaction might’ve been to lose my temper.
Do hope you're going to let that poor, traumatised boyfriend know. Sounds like he's had more than enough abuse already
@EE your a joke I pay for data when I'm in Spain and you then text and say I've used up all my data #terrible service #terrible
He probably does, but people don’t speak Godlish very well.
This is probably the most realistic if we throw in a 1st,
It may have been funny in 2010, but now it's completely unorginal and boring.
Ignoring facts in favor of your own opinion (which is contradicted by those facts) = [NAME] logic
3 % talent + 70 % effort + 127 % EQ — if you’re not rising, you haven’t given enough. With equal talent, those savvier will climb first.
... that's simply wrong.
Interesting how [NAME] leads his team in BPM and RPM every year while not being the most important player. Defense and efficiency matters.
What age would that be?(I am not from the USA)
Damage values would be fantastic. I also really appreciate having detailed kit information. We no longer use attachments so listing specializations would be nice.
Been at work for not even 4 hours and I've thrown boiling tea everywhere, smashed a mug, smashed a milk jug and sliced my finger open😐
He looks so young without a beard/moustache though.
I only watch bad animes sorry
You conveniently forgot nearly killing a toddler by throwing furniture out of a 14 story window.
But still incorrect usage of that subreddit. Shame! Shame!
Democracy doesn't work\n #mob #mentality #mass #hysteria  #mongering #oligarchy #mob #mentality #mass #hysteria #mongering #oligarchy
They didn't actually run any tests to confirm it was even bone, let alone human.
Add to that the balance mess.
For me it is unwatchable after the greatness of the LD seasons.
Yeah I can understand there their confusion more but yeah. Reminds me of [NAME] haha.
Get a line haul local job. I work 9 hours a day.
If she is an INFJ they can be quite caustic and verbally abusive at times.
Wow, I drive full time Uber and I thought there was something wrong with my eyes in the rain. Do other people struggle to see the Lines?
Sad but true
Thanks for sharing. They also have an Amazon wishlist (linked from the comfortcases page) as another way to donate!
It's seriously terrifying!
Please, stop
Second time, been together 6 mo.
Sometimes I want these guys to make it. Sometimes I want these dumbasses to fail.
Bdo is love
I love the small hole in the clouds with the moon (sun?) peeking through
LIFE TIP 101. I know unresolved #anger is likely to cause problems in several areas of my life. I must recognize it &amp; properly deal with it. #anger
This makes me wanna die
Prices there appear lower than Banff and it would only be a short drive, thanks! I'll continue my research into Canmore.
There is nothing gross about being gay. Just means we're different, but we still experience love. Love is not gross.
That's too many pills
My #Fibromyalgia has been really bad lately which is not good for my mental state. I feel very overwhelmed #anxiety #bipolar #depression #fibromyalgia #anxiety #bipolar #depression
I miss seeing us capitalize on our rivals’ slip ups
Pretty much everyone objected to my wedding.
Using multiple combs simultaneously is what I like to call impressive work!!    ;-O  #ohsnap #daaamn #ohsnap #daaamn
[NAME] is POG indeed. I was kinda hoping to see him join Paris Academy team though.
I close my eyes.
Fuck with these giveaways.
Eh for the right money you cant go wrong letting the kid earn it
He is way overrated.
That's weird to hear since in Hebrew "Son of man"- Ben Adam, simply refers to humans in general.
"stupid millennials ruining ruining our cursive writing industries for us millennials"
I’m 40 and I’ve never lied about my age or weight. People take themselves so seriously!
What shop do you recommend?
Lol 100% science and you are defending her honor
I freaking hate working with #word on my phone #rage #write #writing #writerslife #writerproblems #writer #word #rage #write #writing #writerslife #writerproblems #writer
Can we start a 'get Chris Sutton off our tv campaign? Spread the work #terrible #pundit #noclue #terrible #pundit #noclue
Damn! You were so close! Scary. Damn damn!
like a [NAME] of them
Aw, she came home early to surprise you! She must have missed you a lot.
you fucking moron
@BlurtAlerts 'the darkest of nights can be bright, the solemn of faces lights up with a smile'. -@Totemprince believe in me, as I do in you
You seem like a well adjusted individual
Thank you for sharing this. I found my house in 1938. Very fascinating stuff :)
but the dayman doesn't have the nightman's sexy hands.
Ah the ol' cucked boyo. Whatever after what I've seen you won't change my mind buddy, that's for sure.
"[NAME] could drown in a glass of water." LOL. i actually love [NAME], though. i know i'm in the minority.
At least we’re in this together? 😓
I never wanted to punch osap harder after seeing that However not too hardly I cant afford them taking everything away
I'm throwing myself straight into American Horror Story so I don't have time to grieve
All I meant was that domics is actually waaayyy taller than me 😂
you are delucional.
@SizweM01 and it's kinda depressing hey!!! 😑
Their album is awesome, too.
That when you work for someone to live, friend. and congrats, it sounds like you are discovering reality with your second paragraph.
HHDGFMDHNDFG my ENTIRE new years party looked at me and started asking me questions 😶🙅‍♂️
Bullying impacts brain
I'd worry about traffic more than the TSA.
My [NAME] says he hates everything right now, too. He's caught himself a few times from saying he hates me.
He did. Dems would have filibustered and you need 60 votes to force one to end.
Don’t tell me you don’t know — the National Day release wasn’t approved! The director deleted his posts and shut down — didn’t he want an early release?
5'11" [NAME]. He's basically 6 foot, so I must be missing something here.
What a comeback! I was jumping around the living room the last few minutes
Wow. I have to say, I am relieved. Pretty incredible idea.
Pick them up and put them outside.
And he’s also a military veteran with a troubled past who’s now part of a religious cult 🤔
Fuck small talk tell me about at what age did you start disappointing your parents
She gave a playful wink, taking the goggles off her head, swinging them around her finger. 'I would never~' @VerminEngineer
Lol, right? Who says that before banging? “Is you ovulatin?” SOOOO repulsive. 🤮🤮
This is the cutest shit I've seen all day.
streets of rage 2 was hard to find for a while and then Itunes stepped in and the guys doing the vinyl \nmade it so simple
While lifting, loving yourself, and just being confident bro.
Yeah its too bad that there was someone at a university who wanted to research this and he got shut down.
#picoftheday : How...why... Really... !!\n #funny #picoftheday #lol #random #laugh #chair #of  #funnypics #virgin #cafe #i... #picoftheday #funny #picoftheday #lol #random #laugh #chair #of #funnypics #virgin #cafe #i
> [NAME] mother allegedly vandalized [NAME] grave, stating that she had ruined her son's life. No....
Omg, your screen name made me lol!!
That sentence should be illegal.
I took a picture of the sunrise this morning too. Just north of Austin. It was very pretty today.
she seem immature, playing mind games. I would be direct and if she still keeps playing games let her go. seems like an attention seeker.
THIS is a good reply, and I have kids.
My face is cold, and my hands are guilty.
Literally what happened.
I still cannot explain this.
Every time one of our players enter top form they get injured.
Ooof. I have a hard time trusting asexuals who declare this information mid elationship.
"qt 3.14" made me retreat into my own face, so much second hand cringe
im driving and i cant stop screaming i need to talk to someone in sorry
Nah eats the heads when he’s finished with them. I punt them so I can buy fresh meat.
I stuck a bit of glass up there. It was a pane in the ass.
Ok. Well it's just an opinion. Maybe TCU will get it done.
Ok 🤷‍♀️ I believe in you, you can do it.
oml I’m so sorry OP for all that
Then proceeded to duck and run past him into the female restroom.
😡this was a scam
I'm so excited for this game!! 😄
“Touch me again and I’ll kill you.” I’m low key blown away that The Last Boy Scout even *made* it to Australia.
I thought it was all of Yorkshire... could be wrong though and it is just City if York!
Ah I see, thanks. I struggle with the order of the sentences in English from time to time, so I'm glad for any help :)
At least I dont care about any of them.
hey, everything's okay right now?
What does the guy she's cheating with look like compared to you? Be honest and objective.
Wolf spiders are crazy too. Plus they carry all their babies on them!
He notes that he is disgruntled about the lack of pirate music.
I almost felt sorry for him. Almost.
Great place and they're super sweet. Happy to support them.
Women aren't smart enough to see an intellectual kino du art like [NAME] multiple times
Yeah, fat does that.
Love to see pics like this.
I think this is the clearest that it has ever been described. Thank you for this. It nailed it, for me anyway....
He changed our last name ever-so-slightly and was never caught.
I'm here with a devil axe and 34 Krit chance. And my killer axe just broke.
@TheBarmyArmy all the optimism...
I was never a fan of it. It should be a regular foul.
I love you guys but....."existence"
That’s awesome, what do you do if you don’t mind me asking?
I need to study up on celebrities' birthdays bc my heart almost stopped when I saw Harrison Ford trending... 😯 #relieved #relieved
I *demand* satisfaction
Wanted to get him a cake with sparkling candles but he doesn't like cake😒😒. Ruins everything
he looks pretty average to me. like many guys i've seen on the train.
If I can be a racist against whiteys, I'd be one. TERFcide and Mayocide.
Oh that cheery fucking note, good night shit heads X
Believe that dreams are the source of value, believe that vision determines everything in the future, believe that the belief in success is more important than success itself, believe that there are setbacks but no failures in life, and believe that the quality of life comes from the belief of never compromising.
Also pretty fantastic in Good Girls Revolt
A girl lies in a pool of blood; her stained hand trembles as she lifts it. Under dim light, in agony, she strains out her final words: “Starfield… Reboot…”
Learned something today :)
Well call it aesthetics or whatever but the game hasn't made a jump graphical wise and animation wise in a long time.
I discovered this channel last night! She has a video on Harry Potter and the end of history that’s really good.
All this, for *one* kid? How fucking selfish.
You d be surprised how “ 3rd”world slum people treat differently abled people
Hey guys, thanks for tuning in to another video on
just fed up of reading subjective opinions be paraded as fact that he was the worse ever.
No one gives a fuck about your internet points guy
I started another deep and serious post yesterday when the cold wind was blowing the heck out of the freezer-burnt landscape outside and the happy post-Christmas thoughts from my brain, but was unable to complete it due to two meetings I had to attend and a large pot of chicken soup that needed making.
Not literally sell, but trying to "sell the experience." All you'd do is just walk around a cemetery lol.
As I turned to walk out of the alley, a pair of brass knuckles crushed into the side of my face.
Reverse racism is just racism
Thank you SO much! This is so genuine and so helpful. Thank you so much for your time and your thoughts.
Wow! Today, totally seeing alot of #mean #people out in this #world! Turn it around and #start cultivating #kindness! #SuccessTRAIN #warrior #mean #people #world #start #kindness #successtrain #warrior
Hoping to make it to Seattle soon. I’ll make sure to reach out.
Oh, I mean I guess he’ll run if he loses. But do you think he will run if he wins?
@LeePorter94 @DomMcGovern_ hi Dom I saw u at Notts county away, looking for 1 mufc away ticket will pay
There is always the risk of a team throwing him a stupid offer sheet. I still wish we would've thrown a max at [NAME].
Removal regardless of cost a lamentable answer: ajvKSK
Can anyone here show where in the Quran it states "not to delay your salah for anything" ?
When you wake up, scroll through social media, and another father was taken from his child #nightmare #everyday #KeithLamontScott #nightmare #everyday #keithlamontscott
When Sub-Zero is revealed to have red accents, we will officially have a problem.
Whew lad they're bleeding employees, reminds me of [NAME] before they bit the dust
@KatherineArabis It’s taken for granted, while the misogyny in the air is treated as normal — and any angry response to it as pathological.
@JOjojosiejay or in my case a raging moody cow lol why i buy moody cow socks lol
let's hope it gets better.
I don't want perfect. It's too boring and dull.
Jeez I just did those for fun but good luck
Why people remember what they remember, why they forget what they forget For now just introduce her to familiar situations Gently. Shankar said in a hard, warning tone, before adding in sympathy, And hope for the best. Logan sighed, rubbing his temples in sudden exhaustion, despite the fact it was only just now creeping up on midnight.
It's great.
Thank you for your sacrifice for humanity, and for your tolerance and love toward us.
I dont think self-sources work for TIL.
[NAME]? As in thay Saint Jimmy's shit that seems to be showing up in every convenience store these days?
Same reaction I had last week when I learned that [NAME] was once engaged to [NAME].
I lived for your comment. I'm a goofy goober, yeah.
Early education is mostly play, in a safer environment. Many “gym” centers are just activity gyms, not places forcing half-year-olds to study. If a child resists, maybe they had a bad experience—parents should listen, not force.
"I don't socialize because i'm unhappy and i'm unhappy because I don't socialize". -Socially anxious bastard
Tics can have a variety of causes, Tourettes' are caused by certain neurotransmitters in the brain not working properly.
58 and I still live at home.
[NAME] speed!
Day one of new job official duties on the books. I survived! One day down, 35 years to go... :]
oh that's cool, I didn't know they already got sick time. It'll help a lot with retail workers who get dicked by shit scheduling
Try painting a penis around the pothole. Seems to have worked in Manchester
Have a good night, mate!
He remains the only serve bot I enjoy watching.
Hey, don't steal lmao
Monument to stupidity more like.
Oh boy....
Everything becomes dull in excess — except you. Even the unchanging him finds you fresh every day.
[NAME], give us the opera album we deserve
I want to change though. If I'm around those people I will remain the same way. Right?
And here's quick exercise. Can you list five little things you're grateful for? Not big things...little things.
Thank you, very good advice - I have been thinking that I need to help and lead more in this area. Good reminder, thank you!
Lol same here😖
That is so sad, just goes to show we have a lot more to learn about the other beings we share this rock with : /
The only difference between [RELIGION] and [RELIGION] in this regard is that on average [RELIGION] are poorer and browner
Good thing you did not live near a Guatemalan insane asylum.
[NAME] country is this entire world. I hate that saying.
>seek truth no matter how painful it is maybe you should take your own advice
Couldn't happen to a nicer piece of shit.
My baby niece does this. She fell down a couple stairs in her time and now is real careful with them
You know what's coming, right?
Don't get #bitter get #BETTER #bitter #better
Thousands of people born every single day! But mine? Mine's a god damned miracle!
I think she's funny lol. She'd have a better chance at a comedy career than modeling.
@aidanparr haha!! No, sorry was it too grim even for you?! It disturbed me &amp; im starting to lose all trust in Twitter generally!!
Woah that’s comforting.
Making my bold prediction now. [NAME] finishes #1 RB in 1/2 PPR for 2019. #1
He's most likely been misinformed
What was that behind the back nonsense, criminy. TO THE BENCH
You did nothing wrong. I really encourage you to look into emotional abuse and manipulation, as it sounds like you're on the receiving end.
339:709 A local habitation and a name.\nSuch tricks hath strong imagination,\nThat, if it would but apprehend some joy,\n#AMNDBots
@LeahSKahn honestly. All I care about is Selasi not messing this up. His lackadaisical attitude isn't good for danishes.
Flip him for another 3rd rounder hah
Imma let you finish, but Cutthroat Kitchen is one of the best cooking shows of all time.
I get so nervous even thinking about talking to ****** I wanna die
Sweet. I can get by on beer. Cant sit through a comedy show without an adult beverage of some kind.
You're delusional
This is a slippery slippery slope that ends with the backstory to the Wrath of Khan dude.
#SHOCKEEEEEEEEEEEER! #shockeeeeeeeeeeeer
They love me!
@AliceGoodman17 i dunno, I'm getting less of the spacious lovely autumnal melancholy from our present apocalypse
Sometimes it can be very expensive and can have a toll on mental health
Ok thank you
Oh it’s hilarious, but not because of the act, but because of the overreaction of everyone in these threads.
Whataboutism then. Some of the worst I've seen at that too.
"Nice to see it doesn't get any better."
Like have an anti interventionist foreign policy.
I felt the same guilt when I stopped believing in [NAME]
Shame he’s an UFA instead of an RFA
love u too
i disagree with that, you cant say everyone in the country does that, you dont know every [NAME] and their entire life stories stories
cake fails are the best thing to ever happen to the internet, so with that said - this is turble. 🤣🤣🤣
yes the one place i can reinvent myself over and over without killing the bank account. i think the things there carry a certain personality with them too
Any time. I’m sorry you’re going through this. Just don’t drink your emotions like I did.
and after i got home in such a horrible mood my mom pissed me off the moment i stepped my feet in the house so i really almost go off on her
The best one ever, a four year old girl: “You smell old.”😦 You’re not wrong, kiddo...
Good manager had your back. That lady just wanted free gift wrapping
Huh. As a man, I have support from friends and family all the time. Hope you can find that some day.
I'm glad that you are still harboring feelings from a game that ended in 2016.
Had to ask a co-worker from Beijing, she confirmed.
I agree. You can support a cop getting some pushback from a prole without supporting the one doing said "pushback".
r/uk hates nationalism but likes the SNP. Not sure if hypocrisy or it’s different people
It's like [NAME] said. They get motivated by a bad loss, they win a game, get unmotivated, and lose badly again
This is really cute
Shame..
this is so niche but i still felt that shit in my bones
Glad I'm not the only one
Time for some despair #SDR3 #despair #fuckthisanime #sdr3 #despair #fuckthisanime
Saw a guy a few months ago in Paris wearing a PSG shirt with [NAME] name on the back. Legend.
What's good kid? Sorry for the racism.
Not all idiots with guns put others in danger. Many just have bad sense with guns. An even smaller percent actually causes damage to people.
I threw my only book away so I could go catch Pokemon creatures
Thanks! But I was only offered one batch today, it was reallly slow.
I couldn’t believe that. I’ve been mad but never enough to throw my PHONE! GIRL, what is you DOIN’?
ITS TO THE POINT WHERE I LOVE AND I HATE YOU
I won’t but if I tell him to have a threesome didn’t I open the door for him to cheat
After 8? I'm afraid after 5. It gets dark here early. :(
I hope you two can figure this out. I feel for you and for him.
This is terrible
You would LOVE this big mutt. He's a doll.
It's actually pretty condescending to tell people what words they're allowed to use to describe themselves.
Omg this is great.
They wont investigate cause the damage isn't worth $1000+
I'm so happy to hear you've recovered. Can I ask: are you able to maintain a healthy, stable romantic relationship?
As I lay in grief, my stomach, a deep bottomless pit, wrestles for food.
That was a terrible pass regardless. Wasn’t close
Best quote from a 7 in German - Almost #happy #happy
“And that’s it, that’s all I’m missing”
wait they actually lost lmao. i stopped watching halfway cuz i thought SPY had it in the bag ^^^^andigotmywatchrewards
The only [NAME] reference that never gets old to me os 'i just saw Manila girl'
At least it’s not anything worse, and that you are still close to that person :)
Butterfly is cute... it’s the dreds that are gross
Love the almost sharingan look he gets in his eyes right before the attempt. O-O I CAN SEE!
I thought you were making a joke about AI not taking over while asking a bot to remind you ;)
Your comment has been removed for containing a slur. Avoid using t- in the future.
I like vanilla, it's the finest of the flavors.
I can say the same for yours
1. Liu Xin didn’t start a public fundraiser. 2. A certain aunt said tips aren’t donations. 3. So why can someone beg openly on Weibo, but Liu Xin can’t accept tips?
wait. So most of south asia doesn't eat rice?
shouldve been a blow out if we made all our FT's goddamit. ill take the win tho.
This team isn’t winning the 2019 cup. I’m focused on 2022 and beyond
Skynet has really lost its edge
Thanks, that makes a lot of sense. I feel better already :)
I'm glad I'm not the only one that allocates points for road kills.
Then you get home and realise they managed to bill you for the booze. That's half your winnings gone.
This happened to me in the same hour of the discard! Went from shouting to supportive friend within 45 mins.
Cheers to that, girl. 🥂
There's no excuse for making the same mistakes twice. Live &amp; Learn or deal with the consequences of being unhappy #truthbomb #truthbomb
gamers rise up. Let's get this bread for our brownies, bois.
I don't really want to do anything.
Waiting for both of these things is torture
Don't endorse violence against people.
Is this [NAME] comics? His Simpsons stuff is great
I guess I am totally alone but I am really enjoying the audiobook and haven’t had a single complaint. I’m half way through now
you really gotta emphasize the ffffffhh
Is everybody forgetting that bills need to be signed by the president to become law, or get 2/3rds support in both chambers if not?
Best news ever. Some quality futbol at last!
I’d say this is spot on. He’s not sorry he hurt me. He just wants me to shut up.
Many videos show that Chinese or overseas Chinese in China are reminded immediately if they don’t wear masks, yet foreigners often get a pass. Especially during global outbreaks, shouldn’t they face stricter control? The conductor may lack enforcement power, but what about train police? Those neglecting duty — including the conductor — must be held accountable.
Hahahahahahaha give me a piece of that kit Kat bar
Merrily merrily merrily merrily something something scream... (I am not creative)
Sakura drops & Goodbye happiness
What a legend.
You could be right!
Seems like an odd hypothetical question to ask.
Because of what I said in my first comment.
Don't tease me with [NAME].
Wow nice way to live in an echo chamber.
When I die, I want [NAME] and [NAME] buried with me.
Ha me too. I’m afraid we’ve been called out
I was responding to the title of the post (not the article). Did you call OP racist? I’m guessing not.
But according to [NAME] [NAME] didn’t use a phone to contact [NAME], right? Also, Oct 5?
Can we change the "haha" one to when he was laughing about giving that scarecrow to [NAME]
I thought we traded away our losers like [NAME] and [NAME] already.
Good old guardian refusing to accept that [NAME] is stauncly anti-EU and anti-Brussels
There's not enough salt in the world for her!
calling someone desperate for a comment is a personal attack. sure jan
Weird, FBI did an investigation and proved that never happened. White knights make me cringe.
Unlubricated is the best unicorn there is :)
Gotta admit, I chuckled at this one
Show them to me when you draw them... if you want... Take care.
LEAVE [NAME]!
@mikeburke91 @AP I guess. It's just heartbreaking the ease with which they can kill an innocent man and get away with it.
I want to so bad it hurts. I guess I'm just scared.
25000 likes wow! I got max. 30-35 likes.
Oh I went to make soup and must’ve missed that
The Get Shorty show when he subs in for the guy at the table reading and destroys everybody with his skills is so good.
>captain [NAME] Wow, great nickname. Do you and the president swap notes on this?
Nice try, but the only person this sub dislikes more than [NAME] is the [NAME].
Are you okay? What's wrong?
Ladies and Gentlemen........We got him
I would eat the everloving bejeesus out of that pickle.
lol You could have saved even more time by not making a douche comment
Consider this my formal request for a list of all of [NAME] lifelong dreams.
Not a different issue especially when the majority of the people affected by these deaths are lower income
Whoa you are on a big brain level!!
Naw dude, other sports never have ankle injuries so they are fine.
It is much more fun in story mode
He gave his 20 year old ex herpies dumped her and she killed herself. He’s an awful person
That looks like the Galt House hotel in Louisville. Is that right?
Not an unattractive man, he’s gonna need real plastic surgery to fix that.
Is there a sub reddit for targeted memes like this?
that day humanity received a grim reminder
Thank you for articulating this for me. It's just like that.
2-4 minutes is not enough time to wash long hair. 10-15 minutes minimum. Stay strong!
I assume the [NAME] announcement doesn't mean that his contract money comes off of the payroll?
Amazing, all three of those consoles are from different generations.
Yeahhhh no, you're banned for this whole convo.
Thank you for your message, I read it when I woke up and it helped. Thank you for showing kindness to a stranger
[NAME], learn some fucking grammar and punctuation. Maybe use some paragraphs. Just an idea.
Without fail: East of the Hagen Orchards in Bayou Nwa or behind [NAME] mansion (look by waterline).
I hate when it's gloomy outside because it always gets me in a depressing mood
tesco. why OH why cant my Visa electron be accepted on line , I am 55 , NOT 15 ??
I agree, but with having [NAME] and [NAME] on, he was still our MOTM.
Damn these refs actually fucking hate us.
I don't live there just have family there.
Is what I took from it lol.
Yeah I usually do it if no-one will
account got suspended lmao
F'n morons u23 SMFH can't just be lackadaisical
It's eyes were on the front of it's head, not the side.
Win,lose or draw vs LFC, all football fans will rejoice as West Ham &amp; Chelsea fans beat the shit out of each other in a council house! #COYS #coys
[NAME] is freaking adorable fight me
Why is [NAME] so memeable.
I'm onto you, @Sargon_of_Akkad, I know you secretly pine for a masculine order, objective morality, and disciplined transcendent pursuits.
How did that tree not grow?!
Beating OSU some how lol
> 420 blaze it!! wasn't that the red sox payroll doe? they got their ring.....
He probably enjoyed it so much with his frat brothers that he's willing to buck his own party for good weed.
PEOPLE LIKE THING AGGRESSIVELY BE PROUD OF IGNORANCE
You’re off as many days as we work — holidays are worse than weekends. Since working, I hate festivals.
And you expect next Spring Festival travel to be normal? We’ve already spent two New Years stuck in place! Stand tall — don’t kneel!
Hi [NAME]! In this post you are conflating "education" with "wealth". It's a common mistake.
put a smile to my face haha.
Thanks, I hate it.
No way society should pay for your child when you are perfectly capable.
Excitement for new regulation and taxation in the ancap reddit?!?
correct. [NAME] was our 3rd round pick. Hand lookin like the steal of the draft
Yeah, I'd definitely say you won this argument. Plenty of people love taking it up the bum and down the throat. Source. Am slut.
lmao ok buddy good luck with those demonstrably false statements in future
I remember I had 4 polygamy porters in salt lake city at the airport while waiting on my next flight. The looks that people gave me were priceless.
I legitimately want to brutally murder this person for saying that about us autistics
He needs to go back to [NAME] school
Great. Now some girl in Utah will appropriate it for her prom this year because she "appreciates" the culture.
Seeing happy people isn't motivating because it shows how easy it is and how I'm failing at something literally everyone else on the planet can do
The Xanax thing is burning itself out.Crims don't give a fuck.
Can't fool me woman!
Yeah [NAME] has won worlds
why are people so angry toward veggie burgers at in n out wtf
Explaines Why I’m on the lookout for cats when I’m anxious! Thanks
We floated like butterflies. Now you sting like bees!'
I haven't seen it but it's on my list!!
All jokes aside my birthday is January 2nd as well if yours really is
No need to wait twenty years — within ten, no one will visit relatives anymore. Only the older generation still does; those born in the ’90s and 2000s don’t.
Well this is the dumbest take I’ve seen on here.
That's the theme of this excellent play:
Nah man, name the kid the entire Bee Movie script
According to you lol. MBTI could potentially be all of those things if applied correctly.
“I was eyeballing my portion of gallon of ranch”
Thankfully I never went through with it.
Yo mamma so flat, Earth gets jealous.
Sleep > class Thats the only way
Judging from your post history, it's not a hard assumption to make. EDIT: Now to downvoting. [NAME] tier uberman playing 65D checkers with me
In any field, talent matters more than effort. The scariest are talented people who also work hard. Effort alone makes you good; talent + effort makes you near perfect. Everyone’s talent differs — I scored 56/150 in mock math 6 months before Gaokao, then full marks in multiple choice — effort with some talent works.
True love in this world asks for nothing — it just wants to make you happy. You say you want us to smile, I say if you’re happy, we’re happy.
We *shouldn't* have to but if we want our beer then we have too.
Please don't /u ping users in SRD.
I hope the Rams take it all cause of that. Would love to see [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] win the super bowl again!
Ask for a pic without the hat on. That hairline must be chilling with [NAME].
Imagine being this upset about another man’s marriage, someone you don’t know personally mind you.
I can't believe people are saying [NAME] should have been saved, she knew like 10% of the words
That’s not a fucking card?!
I remember being a kid, 5-9 years old range, and constantly being subjected to this line when my mother ran errands. This is so dead on.
@esraalajmy huff btw ty😔
Thanks for sharing :)
Woah Dude!!! I would be freaking out
Asking a baby to not be at your wedding isn't a jackass thing to do. It is *your* wedding
The conductor said they can’t enforce mask-wearing — can Chinese passengers ride maskless too? If it were locals, they’d call the police immediately. Seeing this hypocrisy is disgusting.
The old “I had sex with your mom” joke. I chuckled a little.
I hope ish isn’t like [NAME] and is forever affected by this injury
Have fun with your heart disease.
I just told myself I wasn't going to check this subreddit until I'd beaten the episode. And I didn't.
do your own homework
I miss him...
Same. Ugh
i agree that far right are not our friends bur this seems fake af
@RobertWesley3 I'm #mad that my brother is #sad ! Feel better bub! #mad #sad
Subscribed! I love it.
@PARISDENNARD why should I listen to someone with a tie like that?
I hate when I try to be playful and get shut down lol ...Why so serious🙁
Dont forget [NAME]. He was a reliever converted to starter. Hes got some ridiculous pitches just needs to work on consistancy
Cool, I suspected that but I didn't really wanna waste a round. Thanks!
Weird, huh, how people always seem to look for ways to justify our per capita emissions.
It only struggles because it's released too late by [NAME] defeat.
I love me some buff girls!
Never surrender mate
@RVAGameBreak @GAHSBasketball @GAJagsFootball  \nGo Jags!!🐆 I think we have a good shot of beating Deep Run tomorrow! #revenge #revenge
No, you are just suggesting someone be at the "perfect" level of looking for a relationship. Suggesting someone be the perfect anything is just sillyness.
Thank you...
Cheers man, will be taking it easy for sure.
Having two world class GKs is amazing lol
Haha! It didn’t HAVE to be but I didn’t want anyone having unrealistic expectations just because I said the word “inches”.
Wish they would of given air vehicles some love. A lot of ace pilots hated the game.
@reinervshunter you got this💙 #staystrong #smile #yourebeautiful #staystrong #smile #yourebeautiful
That's different lol.. And any positive, faint or not, is a positive!
I'm not use to getting up early asf this shit goin irritate me.
Controlling invasive species in this country is incredibly difficult, that's why we're having this discussion in the first place.
Yea he’s a good shooter love playing as him in MyGm
I can't believe you would call me that and act like nothing happened. Honestly, what's wrong with you
On hamsters. You forgot the hamsters.
I need to shower after reading this
[NAME] thanks dude
clearly no one is getting my joke oof.
I’m jealous.
Lol. Mod conspiracy theories. Yes they want to destroy the sub. That is their goal.
The double fist bump made me smile, her happiness was contagious
Same, it was such a wholesome way to smite the person!
There is irony in what you guys are saying.
If your walls are not connected sprinkle your lawn in between regularly with diatomaceous earth. It will kill them before they can get to you.
You left something out--they aren't cubbies anymore...
The climate change committee is pretty toothless and would rather see it have more power, happy it exists at least.
Hey everyone I like my braves subbreddit without advertisements
She is pretty smart to reject. You sound highly narcissistic and delusional. You may be an actual psychopath.
thank you for the suggestion. i'm not on fb though and would prefer not to be, as far as that goes.
Kinda but it’s still a terrible meme
Win what exactly? A meaningless game in a very long season to be swept out of the playoffs? No thanks.
@RiveraJose39 happy birthday to my seed‼️‼️‼️ #renewtherivalry #imyourdaddy #cantbeatme  #tater #renewtherivalry #imyourdaddy #cantbeatme #tater
That's the reason I am terrified to wear contacts on duty. I'm afraid it'll get stuck between my contacts and eyes and destroy my pupils.
Nononononononononono this is not happening
At least was fun i guess Thx [NAME], thx [NAME]
Happy cake day! It'll be tough, but stick to it and you will come out the other side better for it.
bournemouth v chelsea took under 3.5 3-0 then in the 95th minute bournemouth grab another. feels bad man
@ChickOfBeauty No!  By Y'all I mean rioting, fire starting, business burning, looting ASSHOLES!  That create #BlackLivesmatter  #blacklivesmatter
Little kids are the best because they're just like "Wtf?!?!?""
I won’t name the city, but right after the National Day break began, lockdown started — lifted only on the 8th. Nine days off, just two extra days of sleep.
It is the recent patch most likely! This never happened previously.
Always great to see a fellow [NAME] give proper advice
I went walking the other day and froze my lungs out.
Boss: “Most of my revenue’s from supermarkets — livestreaming earns peanuts.”
Don't stress it. Good Luck!
Still annoying.
“I got five on it” for the movie US is decent as well. They made it so creepy.
Did not realize [NAME] hair game is that fire
If I buy too much local icecream from the icecream store, Dryers will go bankrupt! (????) These people are so desperate.
She doesn't hate him much if she just kept letting him get away with his racket.
[NAME] that was so stupid lol holy fuck wat
> the dems caused the shutdown, Uh they did. They're the ones who won't agree to the wall.
I literally hid my face and my whole self.
I've learned to let go of resentment for people who have hurt me, because keeping it is like swallowing poison and expecting them to die.
The summer of love, hippie, anarchy communism thing kind of fell apart here:
Doesn't change too much. A delayed bribe would still be a bribe.
Lol okay cool
Get a handkerchief, ridiculously helpful.
At least things are looking up with the next generation. That optimism sits in stark contrast to this news.
It's free hand but thanks for the input 👍
The Car' (1977)\nA middle of the road #horror film that in the hands of a better filmmaker could've been a hell of a lot better. 5/10 #horror
I am so excited for tonight's episode! It's barely even started *_*
[NAME] has had this problem forever. Hopefully she fixes it, because it gets old and is a relationship killer
I felt like I had been paddling for all I was worth for the last year and could not seem to get my head above water.
You and me both.... Production of reality tv is where its *at*!!! 😂😂😂 (sarcasm)
A man of fine taste!
It doesn't make you horny it just gives you a boner.
i wouldn’t want to fight me neither
So predictable. I bet the bomb is in the puck. Anyway, im exited for the [NAME] and the robot butler cameo.
And I'm sure grandmas in SC love the stereotype of the violent black man.
One of the dumbest decisions [NAME] ever made lead to him leaving Oklahoma
Cause this isn't a woman its a dude :D
I have noticed that one is good for thinking straight and light bulb moments.
Mr [NAME] is operater as fuck
Hey buddy, I just came by to feed my Venus Flytrap. —Sue (S1E13) #glee #glee
At least not right away.
In serious need of a nap
This looks like don't hug me I'm scared
@APkrawczynski   Any possibly KG is being bought out as a player so that he can buy in from Glen as a minority owner?  #optimism #optimism
Finally, a person who brings honor to the country! They shouldn’t be slandered or abandoned in tough times!
Already have one of those, mate :) just looking for a good replacement so I can continue using my [NAME]
Would love to have him come back to the organization in some way. GOAT.
Sorry English is not my native language. I love weed but I worry about my lungs too. What do you mean?
He ruined himself. Period. You owe him nothing.
It doesn’t work as well as you’d think, but thanks either way
Wow, that crazy. Hope this doesn't happen again with you. Stay safe!
The Japanese and the British can do it well, but they probably get like 10x the funding per capita.
I mean I still attend regular school, this is just a Saturday school. I'm just frustrated that I have to waste Saturday on this
In fact, Zeng Guofan had high intelligence, or rather, strong innate talent. His calligraphy was weak, and his calm nature made him seem “slow,” “serious,” or even “clumsy,” but that’s misleading. Similarly, Lei Jun. Zeng Guofan and Lei Jun may lack Jobs’s “serpent-like agility,” but in essence, they’re the same kind of people.
I really hate ginger ale. With a passion. The scenario in that scene makes me sick to my stomach.
I’m really high and laughed too hard at this video, normally I would feel really bad for the old fella.
all good haha 👍
I’ll try to follow your advice. Thank you very much for your kind answer and your prayer. I’ll pray for you too.
Why does [NAME] also steal [NAME] revolutionism
Thank you so much, I’ll be following this and try to consult my parents Incase I am unsure of what else he may say.
@erickogi @citizentvkenya @OfficialJMbugua but at what price. The near misses are too many, am afraid it may translate into something else
Ahhh okay my bad I misread your comment, I thought you meant we’d be trading him if he plays poorly
Wish I had something better for you but best of luck to you, this situation sucks
He was so apologetic the bulls couldn’t bring themselves to it.
Meng Dehai must have serious issues — why else would his son-in-law turn himself in to the disciplinary committee, escorted by An Xin? Many lip-sync mismatches too — thought my computer lagged. Also, how did Gao Qiqiang, promoted by powerful Zhao Lidong, dare defy him to back Wang Li and Yang Jian? And why does Meng keep hinting at letting “capable” Gao handle construction?
Oh my. That will show them
Women are nice. Except when they murder you.
Any time he's passionate about something. I love seeing passionate people and 9/10 want to rip your clothes off.
Wow this team has no clue what to do against this right now. There has to be 15 turnovers already.
But I love solids
So long as we get the [NAME] from this season and not last season I'm happy
But I spent two days reading and still didn't hit the end of this thread.
Binged through this last night. Interesting and entertaining. I'd love to see more.
If we always have to use reconciliation anyway, why not just kill it imo, doesn't really matter either way.
Blake lively is flawless
Well tbf [NAME] didn't know he was a father until later
Pochettino buoyant. Complimentary about his young players. But says 'now our attention turns to Middlesbrough'. #THFC @BBCLondonSport #thfc
Much appreciated, do you not play often?
I feel bad for him and [NAME] i hate seeing the OGs fall #UNITEGAMING #unitegaming
Didn't know she was a life long canucks fan, or alive in the 70s. Looks really young for her age
Agreed, my guy.
I would like to see the tree as well! :D:::
Ex Novo has a great one on their menu and probably open.
Did you include Euterpe street... you know I have strong feelings about it /u/mojomartini
No no, you don't thank a bot you say good bot Also happy cake day
There is nothing that back ups his claims. To me his views sounds more like wishful thinking.
Lol, you guys are as popular in this thread as in real life!
I love this
How do they know how tall you are while your sitting in your car. Such bullshit.
“The weird thing is she’s got a tattoo of our company on her back...” lmfao
Great tag :)
not sure you understand what this sub is for
I like you. Hi.
The difference between someone's selfies when they're happy vs. unhappy is absolutely amazing.
> I feel like we don't see those kinds of statements everyday. Just curious how many highly anticipated games DO restart development and DO NOT tell their customers
When you forget to mention you were bought dreamboys tickets 🙄😂
I've seen this multiple times and wonder what happened to her after this.
"Meatball Mayhem" would be an interesting battle royale game mode..
i assume there will be a ring involved in this movie like his other 2 most recent films?
Why did you agree to it... Lol... I'd understand if it was kindergarten kids who agreed to some rules and later decided to change their minds...
IS THIS NOT THE GOOGLE???? GOOGLE CHICKEN POT PIE RECIPE. DAMN TECHNOLOGY AND MELLINIALS.
Then you should probably get out more.
"I suffer from a very sexy learning disability. What do I call it, [NAME]?"
Y'all really insult coz of soccer???  Lmao, wow!!!!!!
It started to compute for me when I was “right” all the time but never ended up getting what I wanted.
my gawd! This is adorable!
I do this. Every. Single. Time.
Is she our girl? She makes the chapo bros and [NAME] cult so mad, I think she's the one I'm rooting for above all.
"We've won the AFC less often than you have" is a weird flex
@AudreyKare i'm like half expecting some rabid troll to come into my mentions accusing me of being a csa apologist or something lmao
Of course man, I really appreciate this. But it's okay, I can just message you through here. It's fine:)
WOW I love this photo so much! Is this recent?
What's so special with 144hz?
Keep lookin Honey
Oi he got stabbed in the eye
I have zero faith in the electoral college/ tge sham that is our right to vote
Everyone thinks that lol
[NAME] looks wayyyyyy happier to be there than he did at the Columbus press conference last week.
No Brexit is also an option.
If you need a friend to talk to, I am open.
Nowhere near Berlin!
Correct. I still play NHL Faceoff 98 and I always turn that rule off, because it's terrible.
The lack of teabags is the only emergency here. You thwarted an attack on your child.
Thank you. I really appreciate your response
You’d be surprised what people could find with just a town name and doctor. Just looking out. If you already considered it ignore me.
uwu guess i have to do it too
@_stardust_3 unless your concern is people figuring out who you are for wtvr reason, I don't see why you shouldn't tweet about other things
Boston sports doesn’t deserve anymore titles, fuck the pats
♫ Your love for me Won't be quite the same When you take a whiff Of my hershey stains. ♫
@UndeadLayne @Lauren_Southern all the bully
Keep it simple. Do what makes the money so you can go do what you want.
Oh my *FUCKING* **GOD**!!
When I was maybe 8 I discovered that I liked hot dog buns with just ketchup. I shortly discovered what heartburn was.
As an [NAME], I apologize for the cranky old conservatives who are probably making ridiculously uninformed comments about your country right now :/
Past my test exam .. CDL achieved 😥
Feeling like I've had the worst night of sleep ever - not great before the #London to #Brighton #cycle ride for @DMTFYP 🚴100k #apprehension? #london #brighton #cycle #apprehension
I just love the fact that [NAME] is giving advice on Sex offenders
I literally only just got this joke, and Mr Plow has long been a top five episode for me.
On VPR yes she is awful. On WWHL she seems very nice, and likeable. Not sure what's going on there.
>call people faggots > lovingly describe the beauty and strength of a man's physique
A chameleon?
I hope you don't mind...
Maybe don't be friends with this person anymore...
Use your smile to change the world. Don't let the world change your smile.' #quote #actorslife #smile #love #hardworkpaysoff #fun #quote #actorslife #smile #love #hardworkpaysoff #fun
i'm... nervous about this test rip
After scratching my head, I headed to the front yard, where there are no trees, on the off chance that something truly weird had caused a limb to plop down on my house.
The top half of the dress looks perfect. It’s the bottom that’s bad.
Bro, pay attention. I know you guys aren't known for that, but this is not a centrist sub. For [NAME] sake read for one
So do I. But you can't just blame it all on the dude.
This movie was awesome, what’s wrong with you? I’m sure the next one is gonna be totally rad.
Keep moving!
I meant one sided comment. My bad
ah fuck. From xbox to zullily? seriously!?
They wanted all the shows to be based in New York. Seems like a weird reason but that’s what [NAME] said
We walked every aisle and I had so many ideas pop into my head.
OK dear.
The main reason is that handsome guy saying “locals first” the other day — that single phrase ignited their anger.
More like hold my insulin.. jeez.
can he break throws though? just kidding. yellow is the season 2 green, OP dude. keep focussing on small steps. better rank will follow later.
He's an adorable person.
Just got back from seeing @GaryDelaney in Burslem. AMAZING!! Face still hurts from laughing so much #hilarious #hilarious
this is a weird timeline we live in. i can't wait to hear folky late 00's adult contemporary singer songwriter songs about this meme of a movie
Oh yeah I know, but like.. _why?_ it just seems like such a waste of his time.
I cried I was laughing so hard
I understand that. My question is more if anyone would be excited for it or interested in helping
But her sister is so much better
Three times a year? Where/what are you eating?
lol robot car
San Junipero. What if old ladies could fuck, using the Matrix!?
[NAME] buyin?
why don't the kids on my street have msn or something to play on instead of enjoying themselves outside #bitter #shush #bitter #shush
hahah if only he had reddit
As for myself, I've very rarely do I make my day! And it's not like I do, and do it try your best.
I'm scared that they would turn out like me, even if I tried really hard to make them nice.
Now I guess the question is, were they dipping their brush in their own paint pot, or were they sharing with a friend ?
IT'S MA'AM!!!
Didn't even get a chuckle out of me. I guess its just too high brow for my dumb brain.
Sadly you are correct.
Get your nose hair waxed. Trust me on this.
The website is still up. You want to see this. I've met the guy. He's super nice.
You’re the sky in my phone; when you blink, you turn into a star falling into my heart.
That isn’t a prediction that is exactly how Crisis on infinite earths played out
>the MESSAGE in the ad is absolutely positive (obviously), Are you sure that you understand the meaning of "obviously"?
In my favourite clubs pretty much always. The people there are lovely. In any other club very rarely.
Is it fair to say she’s the most versatile makeup artist of all Ru girls?
Hmmmmm never thought about it like that
I’ll defer to your experience then.
Obviously not real but damn i wish it was.
Really? I could've sworn I've seen people disabling comments on certain posts before..
This is the shitposting I love
That’s cool. I didn’t know they had cameras like that. Thank you for sharing :)
Now ...what to do for the next hour while waiting for #OurGirl to start @BBCOne ?! #ourgirl
I was justing humming Spin Light to myself before picking up my phone amd seeing this meme. Deja is such a classic, maybe my all time favorite album
@delhi_lawyer @BhagwanUvach @ShivAroor sad . This is not film story. Who knows could be ploy to escalate tension. Unverified report no hype
I haven't watched my favorite youtubers in months and it's honestly made my depression so much worse
Funny enough, I'm a Braves fan from CT whose main football team is the saints... So I don't like this post one bit.
Even for an infidelity sub this is heavy. I hope you find peace somehow.
thats right i do remember you!
WHAT THE HELL?!?!?!?
Check out this #film Robocoq 301  #shortfilms #film #shortfilms
Nit bad for a flip phone! That a T-Mobile circa 2008?
Their interests are convergent where it matters: they *all* want more of your money to go to healthcare.
You’re funny if you think 27 vs 1 is going to somehow end in a good deal for the UK.
It was world of warcraft, so I can't do that.
I tend to agree with you. They all have innocent blood on their hands.
Great to hear you're so loving together! Wishing you all the best. Feel free to PM me anytime!
Zero chance. Jeeze.
Happy cake day!!!
Oh do the thing where you flick food into my mouth!!!
That'll teach 'em. I bet they won't do that again!
Honestly, State and Revolution is what made me ananarchist.
Gotta keep losing to make sure 5th is our worst case scenario
I never understood the real harm until I started reading about childhood emotional neglect and how much it affected me. It's very common with nParents.
I DON'T KNOW. The loneliness goes from mental pain to physical discomfort and pain.
SEVEN parrots? Wow. Bit of a hoarder there.
Don't cry for me, Argentina.
With only 7 months left until I possess my undergraduate degree, I feel like I can't handle adulthood anymore #anxiety #nojobsinbiology #anxiety #nojobsinbiology
Iowa side is better! Lol
Fucking hell. Rush for the damn train also no use. Fucking 4min wait. Still sweating.  #smrtruinslives #smrtruinslives
What a sweet, sweet bird! Also, that is one tiny pup!
Yeah. And for some people it takes longer than that to really kick in.
[NAME] should give him a little tough love
"Homeopaths love it!"
Lol, good luck! Hope it goes well for you (I have no idea how it’s working at all for me)
I'm polish too. I love my family but I would never even consider trying to live there trying to be happy.
It was the worst cinemax porn I've ever seen.
[NAME] can’t space and [NAME] is getting worse defensively
Ok good. Thanks for letting me know. I’m not very experienced with Reddit’s messaging/chat so I wasn’t sure.
@coltonflurry @StrangeFacesLA I cancelled by CBS all access live feeds before JC even said Vic won AFP. Paul.should have won IMO
Realized I intimidate people with low Self Esteem a long time ago. I only surround myself with Winners and people who know how to get money
Seriously beautiful my man!! Is it on apple music? Really great song
Wtf the dude is 29? Seemed like only yesterday he was the most hyped goalie prospect in the world...
The cheerfulness of the “hail satan” text overlay was unexpected.
How sad is it that I'm rejoicing over a 72💀 #collegekills #collegekills
Outside of Belpedio we really don't have a lot of decent call ups on D. PS It's amazing how much [NAME] has improved this year.
Become a [NAME]. Here's your first step if you want to take the path;
It's probably better to just subscribe to a scotch or kayaking subreddit. Of course, you run the risk of FEEEEMALES being there.
Congratulations on your sobriety! A years worth of sobriety might be why the rum is gone 😉 I appreciate the suggestion.
That lady is experiencing pure joy
I lovee mazzy star sm, Flowers in December is my favorite song rn
Your hamstering is beyond entertaining. There are tons of posts, but you can't find any?
He looks like a model tbh. Very good looking man.
Joseph Vincent is the goat when it comes to highlights, I’m so happy he made a Saquads video
If it’s true, it’s really sad. Probably not a rare case either. We hope basic social support can be improved so people will trust and cooperate more.
Thank you [NAME]!
Wow!!!
Heading home to cut grass in the heat. All I wanna do is go out to eat somewhere air conditioned. #pout #AdultingIsTheWorst #pout #adultingistheworst
Like I said you are right about everything. don't call 911 ever they aren't showing up unless you have a credit card. good luck
My fans on patreon will be rewarded soon
How do they know how far away the FRBs are coming from
Let me just say that your posts over the past twelve days have brought me so much joy
I like him
@callmekarizma I take a huge nursing school test today and I'm so nervous
Fuck you're cool
This is why the option isn't "be accurate" but "be as accurate as you can"
Understand their point of view, 13 IS too young. Imagine how they felt when they found out their innocent child was watching adult videos.
@joey_coops yes Hun! Avoid at all costs!! #nightmare #nightmare
Saw a video on Instagram from my friend that lives in Longmont. The snow looks so pretty. Do want.
Funny looking bats.
i had a weird feeling colts were gunna win the SB, should have put some money on it
Every BP within cooeee of me is consistently 5-10 cents a liter higher than other options. Weird.
Thank you!!!
**LET’S GO HAWKS!!!**
Would you start by cutting all education or by cutting all healthcare?
> I thought he didn't actually collect the second He lost the second imo.
@RossKemp great programme tonight #sad #upsetting #extremeworld #sad #upsetting #extremeworld
Naw man, I think they were everywhere in Glasgow. The trams in the City Centre had the same colour scheme aswell apparently haha
I don't know what you're talking about, but that sounds just as racist as it is sexist.
Happy birthday Zanele \nI hope you have a wonderful day 💓@xan_radebe \n🎊🎉🎈
Dragopolis was a less fun version of the free dinosaur game on Chrome when your internet goes out
Is freedom of expression a right or a law?
This is awful
[NAME] has a very high release point. He throws like a 6'3" QB, he also has a Giant hands
hmm somehow twitter feels really depressing, more like negative today...I think I missed something 😕
At least it looks like you're prepared for a good evening in spite of being ghosted:-)
Ya, because it’s funny and relatable
Not really, in my mind it was continuous cringe that I was always curious about
@JensenAckles @jarpad whatever Sam is holding on your tee looks like it's got a droop on 😂
[NAME] loves rui too afterall
In 2013 I helped design a housing area in Beichuan. On Winter Solstice I walked that tearful city, saw the Qiang people striving to live — unforgettable days in the quake zone. Live well for ourselves and others!
Love yourself and be patient.
I mostly shooed him away and didnt report him. But no one liked him. It was a short internship.
That 0.75 is not for the same job. It's looking at the totality of female salary vs male salary.
I went to the pharmacy to get vaccinated (sign said for free) and they turned me down for not having health insurance... so
Hot damn it takes some real self-confidence to say you can't do things in MS paint
I wanna kill you and destroy you. I want you died and I want her back. #emo #scene #anger #fuck #die #hatered #emo #scene #anger #fuck #die #hatered
@JessiMcCree Gabriel would eventually start frowning, gaining conciousness. Which was apparently really painful by how tears formed in the--
Where does religion have anything to do with this? There are plenty of [RELIGION] people that are cool with whatever you're babbling about
I don't think it's duping I think it probably loot cycling you can find almost the military gear from on the coast now.
Gonna hang it in the grow tent for a few days with the lights off.
Ok I was wondering thank you I seen alot of different "opinions" on it .
The papers listed at might be of help.
@PhilGlutting Hey There Phil Glutting thank you for following us, it's appreciated :)
I'd still think he is scum. And needs to be imprisoned.
I rarely like or comment on YouTube. But I make hella playlists so I guess I use it more as a tool than a community.
HAHAHAHA YELLOW FOR AZPI????
Yea he does I only wish eli could do this
Oh, did you not know [NAME] is the highest graded overall passrusher in this class? At any position!
WTF do you do?
It will only get worse over time. Do what I didn’t. Run.
> even if I despise its many subcultural, life stylist, and mobbish factions I am not sure what this means
Bike snob here. $400 is hella cheap for any bike that gets raced.
I joined a club and that's how I made friends. Try joining a club.
happy birthday, have some gold!
Seriously this "tastes" avalanche is gold I'm cracking up
I beat my dad
You are amazing. You really and truly are. I'm so proud of you. Hugs.
On the contrary, as conditions improve, visits among relatives become more frequent — rural gatherings are even livelier.
It's clear for me that you've never been even close to a brazillian suburb. /s
Shut up cowpoke
Not necessarily god-like.
> If you love that you probably also love no man sky's algorithm. I loved it back then, because it was the only game.
Don't worry, [NAME] can't even pronounce Kombucha.
Thanks I have been, hopefully at an acceptable level to yourself
Let's not kid ourselves; most of us [NAME] are like that.
Nothing behind me either.
I'm shaking in my boots
Last week was her week. She killed everything about that episode
Most do, some are more reactable than others, like warlord and kensei, some are ridiculous like shinobi or conq or uncharged sb from warden
Why do you say this? I'm genuinely curious.
[NAME] looks like she is satisfied with the lesson she taught her son
Thanks for sharing this tool, gonna be useful in finding fat right subs to tag with reddit pro tools.
#GADOT please put a left turn signal at Williams and Ivan Allen Jr Blvd. This is absolutely ridiculous #ATLtraffic #horrible #gadot #atltraffic #horrible
Then why are you commenting on a thread about that article?
I’m in the same boat with anthropology. 8 months post graduation. Still no job prospects. Glad I’m not alone
@Dubai92 try asking for a cheeseburger with only onion &amp; mustard at any #McDonalds  #mcdonalds
I have a rage rage ep 2 coming out soon I'll keep you posted on it #YouTube #youtubegaming #rage #youtube #youtubegaming #rage
I love this! It's nice to hear of a positive outcome on here.
Damn. This has to be one of the wrongest predictions ever in this war.
From Rockledge, Florida in the united states. Don't know why I ended up here to be honest but it's a good time.
Wow, that's just incredibly racist.
That’s why I love visiting relatives with gifts—so my kid feels the festive spirit. Memories matter, though it’s tiring, haha.
awkward edit - aww are you a rangers fan, damnit
Lawyer up bro and report him!
I'm also upset at my incorrect use of a comma. #grammar #struggle #hesitation #backtoschool 🎒📚 #grammar #struggle #hesitation #backtoschool
I like it!
His definition of a grown man is someone who drinks irresponsibly and then beats people up. GET OUT.
It was psychological torture...
Oh look even more whinging by a Brexshitter about how its all gonna sort it self out fine, such fantastic info.
I really want to find a female version of him and ship them both
Treat joy and laughter as a form of worship and spiritual warfare! #laughter #live #victory #worship #laughter #live #victory #worship
He posts on The_Donald, you're arguing with a brick wall
That comment about "kill him with kindness" was kinda unnecessary. How about just kindness for kindness sake? lol
Haha WEHO, for West Hollywood, not Wehoe for We hoes
It is liver toxic but this was given in a hospital. Liver toxicity usually results from taking too much to often.
Like, 'loon attic'. Luckily it quickly sunk in that it was the wrong pronunciation, but I still couldn't stop saying it. It just stuck.
I was very scared.
Yeah this is what im currently witnessing with my nephew and nieces. I wish i can do something about it.
Bill Clinton: 'Do not grow weary of doing good.' @ClintonGlobal #CGI2016 #cgi2016
The majority of my clients have family/ partner/ day job/ life AND write their beautiful books.  #gratitude #HARDwork #gratitude #hardwork
Peep show is so damn good
Women are dangerous as hell too.
This is a restaurant in a hotel so it had a strange vibe.
#""Haha so relatable omg so me""
I'll die on this hill with you. Amen.
Can't believe me and my family were gonna leave five minutes early to beat the traffic. Honestly the best game I've ever seen live
**Takes away membership card* HOW DARE YOU SIR!!!
Arizona in the summer is fine. Arizona in the winter when all the blue hair snowbirds come is absolutely horrifying.
Officially worse than Telkom. Well done vuma
And how she can’t cry bc of her “expensive lashes.” 🤦🏼‍♀️
well i am gonna have to try it now and will post it in /r/food
I am female. If someone approached me in a coffee shop who followed your above rules, I’d be giving out my number for sure.
On top of being cheaper and a better power curve, devo gloves synergies with crit builds, since you’ll get huge chunk of lifesteal.
Into what shit? I like her but Idk she’s hella confusing
Thanks and you too!
It's ok, it was cancelled anyway
Unfortunate that her knee never rose to the occasion
SHIT. I just gave my son some Skittles. Lemme edit that right quick LOL
So? Keep doing it anyway. Who don't worry about the downvotes.
nsfw pls, thanks nice work doe
Another strange signing. [NAME] seems great at spotting backup players. 20 odd signings and probably 4 have been decent?
Sure, there are plenty more if you are so unsatisfied
I think it’s a physical comfort preference having to do with the cut/shape, rather than an aesthetic preference.
@SoCalValerie this one was Apples attempt to make muslims happy 🕋
[NAME] is letting [NAME] play 3 :0. That is good news.
haha someone's gotta rep for our struggling sports programs
Busy day time to go home and #relax still feeling #breathless \n#voiceathlete #dystonia #dysphonia #spasmodicdysphonia  #restvoice \n#sleep #relax #breathless #dystonia #dysphonia #spasmodicdysphonia #restvoice
Yep! Wanna come do karate in the garage?
Lol. That too
Wow. That scene would’ve made knocked up much better.
He's mixing it up pretty well..using that slider pretty affective so far #thebabybombers #yankees #offense #thebabybombers #yankees #offense
Mate, you’re a [NAME]. If it wasn’t for us you wouldn’t even exist.
It started out slow, like we'd fight once a month over stupid little things and sometimes big things.
I find that kind of thing really funny too!
Limits... vote yes.
New Haven has tons of locations that have strong cyber punk-y vibes at night!
Is it?
Happy cake day brother!
Yeah, I'm just saying it's too early to be writing off any candidates.
Fuck i think I whooshed myself
I managed to shoehorn myself into the seat but my knees were jammed under the dash, I could barely use the pedals, I couldn't get any proper lock on the steering wheel, my head was poking out of the rollcage and I had no idea of what the rev limits or gears were.
@Fra93_bruno wow I'm just really sadden by that. Terrible
Ah I didn't know that. I meant this [NAME] ad:
But what if he feels like his position is appealing to those the [NAME] have left behind?
I don’t love prison- I love the stuff that leads me TO prison. Get on board, [NAME].
I used to when i was younger, but then i got old and started caring about conserving water.
She got the gift that keeps on giving
Cuties! Love you!
@wabermes The @RavalliRepublic had a good one but then the reporter quit.
Is this legit or just a random house?
Best comment ever
Keep dreaming. He isn't coming to this black hole of an organization.
[NAME] is Television. Got it. He's too misogynistic to be the Patti Smith Group.
“So a guy cusses you out for lowballing him...”
Before revenge you feel good after revenge you feel worse 💯 @HillaryClinton
Greetings from Singapore! Anyone looking to play, please come find us at our discord:
@hotpatooties more like quickie divorce
Don't be bitter
Lol still makes me laugh
(It was pretty bad).
looking forward to your selfie saturday then
*nice.*
Srs I have tears in my eye from laughing... and also because I’m immunocompromised and live not too far from there lmaoooooooooo
Thanks. I’m not ok with the behavior I’m.just having a difficult time accepting what I must do.
Look on the bright side, you might never need to worry about that ever again.
Shocked basement leaking got you freakin lady
Thinking carefully, Musk is playing a very big game — SpaceX can launch self-developed communication satellites, and now he’s controlling mainstream media...
I’m excited AF. First holiday in four years. Totally cannot afford it but that’s future [NAME] problem.
Wait so I shouldn't try to sell my shavers by telling my customers that they aren't good enough and could do better? Damn.
Lawful VS chaotic
Wow sold out during break without most of the students. Don't know how they'll fit the students in once we're back
It doesn’t look like the opening is wide enough unless you turn the plate sideways. Crazy way to present food
Love the beauty of nature.
@AFCGraMaChroi oh, sorry if I've discouraged you 😂
How terrible. Imagine waiting this long only to die the day before release? I always get that minor anxiety before a highly anticipated album!!
Don't fucking disrespect the World's Largest Love Machine ever again
why fire make hand hurt
Do you need a safe space? Maybe a cold drink? Being easily offended doesn’t make you right.
Best way to ship an item that is roughly 120" x 8" x 8" and weighs 45 lbs? Thank you!!
How is this world politics?
Sometimes I just go on the YouTube video for any song older than like 20 years and these comments never disappoint
THIS MADE ME CRY
Can you link the apologies? Or do they not actually exist?
LOL, had me confused for a second. Didn't realize you had responded to another comment of mine as well.
Something about these cool, breezy fall days.. 😍🍂🌾🍁
Your TLDR sucks
Finally a whole season and 3 jornadas too late.
This thread is loaded. Never seen so many coins exchanged at once :) it's nice to see friendly internet interactions.
Not really, it can bind *itself* (though not future incarnations) otherwise none of the laws would mean anything.
All for attention and a power trip.
No thanks, I would prefer to not get infested with malware.
Welcome to the fucking Pacific NW!
Define woman please if you're not going to use the accepted denotation.
The prevailing thought is he'll be too expensive to resign. I love him as a piece on the team but he's a deal sweetener.
I agree, this subs being a little overly toxic about it
I.. love arby's..
This has already been posted on this subreddit but thanks.
Hang on is that allowed? Geez that guy seemed really angry.
You are a disgrace to the species
old [?] people love their bags.
the socially weak kid who is also: - neurotypical - not too short - not too ugly so basically a normie
It really do
He's practicing difficult shots too much thus loosing a feeling for easy ones.....
what's a friend
I once screamed your name amid starry crowds — my best years are all tied to you.
@WTFISaHashtag1 @MuslimIQ The problem is that right wing extremist terror groups aren't given coverage, press not interested
@NateBLoL no it was that clear American naturally flavored sparkling water
Absolutely. I'd love it. No matter how much I like the guy, if he just goes for it that's not cool.
should I #start posting #photos? #start #photos
Shut up, why you so stupid!? I'm just kidding
Not quite no. I don't pay attention to the leaks so I can't judge their quality.
@JeffBridg man, GREAT JOB!!! I am more than happy over your success in a short time.  Mom &amp; dad are smiling from heaven.  Love you, bro.
They have directly targeted civilians. It's disgusting.
my husband lost £800 when he booked an apartment through @Airbnb that didn't exist... @AirbnbHelp didn't care  #airbnbnightmare #airbnbnightmare
It was a commercial. Do a lot of conservatives have this problem?
I have a job interview with @BarclaysUK in Loughborough next month !!!
Damn. Is that what those shorts are supposed to look like on people!? 😂
My eyes scanned the place, looking for Cody and I found him; wrestling on the sand with monkey boy for a volleyball.
You’re truly welcome :)
Started watching when they were up 14, thought there’s no way to be disappointed today.... oh well
[NAME] rolls out of the rack, combs his hair and Dood is ready for National Television.
Agreed. Sometimes you just have to move forward and let those determined to be left behind have their wish.
@ThomsonCares Sam- yes we have! Not helpful at all! We need this sorting ASAP! You keep promising stuff that doesn't happen!!!!
That arena is so ugly I’d be scared too
We can only hope that they will appreciate our sacrifices once they get older!
It isn't only a representation of the economy, but how poor most people's financial sense and budgeting skills are.
Yo good for you!
Don't see a W tonight. We need a miracle.
Pakistan is the biggest victim of terrorism - Nawaz Sharif \nReally? It should have been biggest creator of terrorism. #UNGA #unga
Never understood the attachment to cats personally, letting them in and out and back onto the bed. It’s just not normal and gross.
our enemy, the state
Ah yes. Red Dead 2. My favorite movie
Good for you, human. I hope you get the job!
I was booing loud, so were a lotta others. That muthafuckah
Just eat it after. Lol. Im kidding, but it would honestly be the best recycling option. Not that anyone is going to do it.
Thinking about trying some comedy on youtube. Always been fond of it. Time to nut up. #laughter #comedy #maybeoneday #hopefullyfunny #LOL #laughter #comedy #maybeoneday #hopefullyfunny #lol
Never heard of him before, But I believe in [NAME]. He’s going to be a legend after we hire [NAME]. Long live [NAME].
I didn't read the entire article. That's great. Thanks for letting me know. Peace and happy 2019
Lol I wish
I love this sub
@JudicialWatch What a shake down operation!
not near my kitchen so unfortunately I cannot do a cooking snap series 🍳
[NAME] I hate when people rhyme things for no reason
Super cool to see
Hasn’t hurt me none
The summer evening breeze lifts my hair, just as my love for you gently stirs my heartstrings.
I’m sorry if you’re comparing institutionalized slavery where you can murder thousands to community service you’re an asshat
Is this cronometer? Thanks.
Try harder next time <3
I'm with the photo guy. It would be an awful feeling to watch your date flirt with some other dude ON YOUR DATE.
The children are still being abused, neglected and treated like rubbish. White Australian policy has been horrific and continues to be horrific.
A good thing about being sick is that coughing is like an ab workout. Maybe my abs will be more defined by the time I'm better 😂😅
My daughter in Shanghai never had early education either. My husband and I took her digging sand, catching crabs, fishing lobsters. Now in kindergarten, she’s one of the few without extra classes.
I had to look those up.lol. That's awesome. Do you make money by doing so or just pure hobby?
It's the right sub but why did we even set-up so defensively in the first place? Utterly bizarre.
"Lol, hold my craft beer."
UPLIFT: If you're still discouraged it means you're listening to the wrong voices &amp; looking to the wrong source. Look to the LORD!
Government should take strong action against terrorism #AmarnathTerrorAttack   not only KADI NINDA #amarnathterrorattack
The bruised banana kit is only 👌aesthetic👌 cause it's a meme, I swear if the kit belonged to Huddersfield or something people would think it looked ghastly
Best of luck
No worries. We just like to make sure everyone is safe and has a voice.
I have so many questions...
No one comes here it’s cool
I can't imagine getting it at 8! I got mine at 11 and freaked out because no one told me they existed lol.
What do you do?'\n'You are not worthy enough to know.' #what #serious #what #serious
Not sure what to say — I just dislike his attitude, too showy. I’m somewhat like him, but not that extreme.
Still a bit of redesign & this would look much better.
It's good at everything, just need a little rest, Even before [NAME] was a high scoring midfielder at one of the worst teams un Italy
I think it's even sadder to go through someone's Reddit account looking for stuff like this to post.
Yep. The court loves certified letters. That way there is some proof that the letter was received.
@economictimes World knows #Pakistan is an epicentre of #terror. The #pakistan speech in UN has define their agenda #pakistan #terror #pakistan
@TampaBayRay I cried with laughter.
Well, the lines for Sweden's goals sure sting.
Amazing. Roasted sweet potatoes as well are dynamite
The amount of people there saying water is free is astounding. How out of touch with reality can you be?
Little did you know 95% of these kids just don’t want to go to school
BUT IT WOULD HAVE TAKEN THEM LIKE TWO SECONDS TO HELP HIM GET OUT REALLY!!! This show makes me angry sometimes.
I like it, more please.
It was a reference to earth 1s laurels arc. We honestly dont know enough about earth 2 laurel to come up with anything that wouldnt be overarching speculation.
this is the type of high level discussion I come to this sub for!
Did he use his full title when he introduced himself. Cause that would be sweet
While I was walking, a little boy in a red shirt(5/6 years of age) shouting from a distance of 3 meters, in a jovial manner saying...
Withdrawal, psychic-shattering, and other activist groups, the principle is very sad.
Yeah if you’re able to fulfill that. Hopefully the bonus is worth it
Wonder no more, this is coming out like next year
We’re honouring good King Billy. That’s also how we decided which [NAME] brother to buy.
If I may suggest patience, if your data is still there, you might want to read a little before open heart surgery.
Do you want a good time or an **incredibilis** time?
@JeffersonLake speaking of ex cobblers, saw Ricky Holmes at Charlton last week.. tracking back &amp; defending... I dread seeing Gorre on ball..
Thanks. People need to calm down and give QCX a little time here.
Yet somehow that doesn't make death threats any less scary, because of the fear the 0.00001% of them will try to follow through on that threat.
My target has lots of stuff. *This target had fortnite.*
She liked the bumper sticker so much she decided to get it for herself
Good on you dude. I'm west coast, but I'd love if anyone ever finds themselves in Seattle, I extend this offer.
[NAME] royally fucked up that last rotation. Also did [NAME] even get a single kill with their specialists ?
> I guess you don't agree Did *you* read *my* comment properly or just jump to the assumption?
Front-liners, thank you! Medical staff, community workers, volunteers, police — enduring infection risk, pressure, endless hours. Let’s support each other so this ends soon.
given his form over the last year or so, turning into nueur would have gotten us that goal haha
Reminds me of that Australian news story about kids addicted to Fortnite and the kid is talking about how much he loves [NAME] ([NAME]).
Why does [NAME] rarely wears his armors if he can wear them whenever he wants and as long as he wants?
Im so sad how that movie turned out. We could have achived something good
@PurpleReplisol meden is frowning at you with her non existent face
CNC is just the safe way to play out a rape fetish
Oh I forgot all about Jing Wei! Is rage worth building? I'm wondering if the loss in attack speed is worth it for extra crit chance.
what a beast
It’s a smart move but also hurts the business and possibly false. It’s rude.
Didn't even know that was a thing, but it was just what I needed! h/t
[NAME] has been waiting for this moment. People actually standing up for her in person to her father and evil stepmother.
Thank you, kind Internet stranger.
What's worse is getting in a car that isn't yours
/uj I would've thought this was pics had it not been for your commie t
If they don’t like the food, it “doesn’t count” as aid; no pot to cook with, “no aid”; not free, “no aid”; normal prices, “too expensive.”
I'm a shy person
I couldnt help but laugh out loud. Pure stupidity coming from the mother. No other way to put it
i also love this one
They do realize that the guy in the first picture is from a musical that mocks the [RELIGION] religion right?
My [NAME]. If only
Well regardless if I don't completely agree with your weights and measures of people. Thanks your input
[NAME] is such a gift. I love him.
Stupid plays after stupid fkin plays
They’re words and they’re hilarious
No, [NAME] has said more than once it was not.
Perfect! Put it in a form they can understand!
If only [NAME] was a being of infinite wisdom that could see beyond space and time and know this was going to happen.
I feel sorry for her son that must have been super cringe
Im surprised those ebrats who tried to steal your step daughter's board didn't complain to the mom about it.
If you don’t include AZ in your 3, you’re wrong.
Woah you still found this, even when he spelled your name wrong, so you didn't get paged.
Surprised [NAME] didn't add his hatred of interracial couples in the movie.
Thanks! Life often ends up being the most beautiful when you least expect it :)
Great start to the post-All-Star game part of the campaign!
I think this would be common amongst musicians. I wonder if it's related to this discovery regarding muscle memory or if it's something else?
@LoisJoanneLane Wagging his tail at the praise, he paused, tilting his head as she took the frisbee from him, letting out a playful -
Funny. My wife is currently trying to grow shrimp by feeding the algae to them. She has some optimistic results!
I really like this.
That’s mad hombre Switzerland confirmed 🌊🌊 I bet you get bare skiing done
Her meal looks pretty good...
Excellent, this is exactly what I was looking for. Thank you !!!
He's not the issue... They'll never see her coming at them!
My thoughts exactly, now im laughing at the people responding to the headline
The blonde bitch must go 👱‍♀️ this is clearly the land of brunettes
Wow that’s one way to get out of it for a while 🤔
[Facebook laugh react]
Thank you very much. I would certainly make a note of your name.
Any EU countries that get tricked into nationalism become prey and weaker relative to Russia and the US.
That was a great interview
How the fuck do we #live our lives admiring everybody that ever just did something to #win it, then be #afraid to even try to do it yourself #live #win #afraid
Thanks I don't know why it didn't load for me on my phone.
You can turn right on red!
I have a feeling [NAME] and [NAME] aren't staying with the WWE once their contracts ends this year anyways.
It's all so beautiful, right?
My back started aching.
thank you for your service o7
Lady looks a bit psychopathic
And yet the guy proclaiming he understands it better than the whole world is trying to justify losing LMAO
That’s not true*
You've had sepsis 3 times? Shit. I'm 27 and I don't recall every having a single infection
@JohnDotWhite I remember its heyday, but these ladies range in age from, I'd say, mid-30s to early 70s.
That's actually a really good one. Atleti fans also seem to love him and literally everyone who faces him despises him.
Amazing, my friend 🙏
Fund this man. Even if it doesn’t pan out it’s worth finding out.
She has major SB😖
True. Here the mistakes has already been made. Please don't mess up for us who are looking for an alternative refuge to Israel.
Don't worry if you're from hot, we can share my slice (:
El Niño is for pacific coast tho.. but yea
Thank you!!! I'll do this now!!!
Still pissed we didn’t hire [NAME]. He would’ve brought [NAME] 😭
Bench coming in strong. Let's go trey!
If it's anything like my experience at radford, they were obviously drunk
.@Tolumanda love it! so true. As @Deedeey_ taught me, fear can be an illusion. #coaching  #courage #coaching #courage
That's ok I get it exactly you're ok with me
hell yeah my brother
Just cooked me some chorizo and an omelette with tortillas at half time. The tortilla gods are now pleased.
AOC has tons of corporate Dollars backing her recent wins. I cant believe anyone would see her as presidential material.
Have you watched the last couple of games? He has run the offense as much as [NAME] has.
I cannot believe a woman in her 30s has never had an orgasm. I would have tried everything on the planet to have one.
They have disagreed with a bunch of individual calls but not tied it together
I unironically approve of this message. It is time for the French Revolution to end.
Glad you enjoyed man, yeah it was pretty spontaneous too, I was praying I wasnt about to pull some bartard move and get jammed lol.
I’m happy. Does that mean I can downvote?
need to sta dating again.I m bored #redheadteen #boldandbeautiful #lost #500aday single men dating Schkeuditz #redheadteen #boldandbeautiful #lost #500aday
@ToyStoriesInt They look FAB, they were made for the big screen!Can't wait to see this evolve &amp; the bright future of these little toy people
"We should be happy that we moved from 4th to 5th"
That's true, and I love pitbulls, but a poorly-trained Chihuahua isn't going to rip your face off, nor are they naturally disposed to aggression.
My jaw dropped and apparently the look of horror on my face was priceless.
Oh, I don’t know, maybe... Vaccinate?
So, where we at on this?
Children whose lives are in danger daily because their parents won’t vaccinate them should be legally allowed to kill their parents.
If he was from a free pack he's not sellable, sorry
Oh hey that's pretty cool!
You're both wrong NBA is an initialism, can't be pronounced as a word. Oh man I love reddit
Here to enjoy fine work — greetings, good morning! Wishing you a blessed early summer, a happy weekend, good luck, success, and joy every day!
More or less putting it humorstically. He is shown walking only time. The resta nd there is plenty of it is him teleporting.
Please don’t murder me
I don’t get it. We should just trade our bad players for other teams good players. Smfh /[NAME]
“Set up as an ideal the facing of reality as honestly and as cheerfully as possible.” - Karl Menninger     #2ndHalfWealth #2ndhalfwealth
i feel like there’s actually very few refs I really like. a lot of them lack consistency.
This is not r/lostredditors material if we just try to find something stupid on it.
Me too! That’s what I heard :/
Good to know, thanks for response
When it goes bad
Everyone’s so sensitive about Wigs. People can joke and support him at the same time
I agree with you here but I don't see how he is a sexist?
[NAME] is an **integrity** man. Without it, there is nothing. edit 1:without it, not with it, sorry typo
I get that. That's why thet time limit. Even if it's just to reevaluate.
Is there such a thing as a typical case? That seems like a somewhat dangerous attitude for any doctor.
I feel like I've been transported back to 2011 when I look at the meme
Then income is the right criteria for equality initiatives. That's the logical conclusion we should arrive at from my and your statement
I should look up how close it is to missouri
Probably cause our FBs are not strong enough defensively so we need a way to justify playing them
Just made some Ham and Lima Beans with those. You are very correct ...
FBI OPEN UP!!!!
How are you all losing weight post-shelf crashing? I was shoveling ice cream while listening to Year Of Polygamy 😩😭😭😭🍧
> Well maybe I dodged an argument with an idiot From the sounds of it I'm almost positive you did. Have a good one :)
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **8th Cakeday** The_Fuzz_damn_you! ^(hug)
I agree with [NAME]. I'd read the mention of intimacy as just bait for rinsing.
good point, hadn't thought of that, thanks
Anthem is a good 45 min from Scottsdale and the rush hour traffic is a nightmare.
"Wildlife Safari is excited to offer paintings made by the elephants living right here in Southern Oregon!"
@jody_paterson So I worry about emphasis on 'keeping family together' as a guiding principle, due to my own experiences
They’re both good towns. Personally, I prefer Westfield. It has a better downtown, better schools, and the traffic is less awful.
So you then took that lie and began aggressively cheating on him? Your post history. Wow.
She was gonna beat him with him
Oh man, sorry to hear you’re feeling so alone. I’m feeling the same right now.
Pew pew pew.. gotcha!
So proud our sub is leaking into facebook
> you’re getting downvoted for misusing the word literally Possibly, but a lot of people really dislike him so that could be why also.
I can't tell if you're serious.
>I’ve been forward in the past and it didn’t work at all lol. You're doing it wrong.
Restaurant owners suffer huge losses. This pandemic never ends… no money, no job—it’s so depressing.
No idea at this point... found in the garage from my wife's residency many years ago... (she won't let me say HOW many years)
He doesn't know who leaked it. The guy filming it isn't the same guy that leaked it.
[NAME] is a damn fool. No wonder his ex-wife is his boss and his babysitter.
True or False, you post in /r/The_Donald ?
Now this is what I was looking for! Thank you good lad
I'm going Saints and Chiefs. Although I think the Chiefs-Pats game could go either way
He can barely speak, but he still pulls off the perfect "yaaaa [NAME]
Like hello? I am your first born you must always laugh at my jokes.
You know, unless you die.
Exciting day ahead...lunch @Panoramic34 with the girls #Foodie #yummy #myday #Friends #foodie #yummy #myday #friends
A better description would be she got a nasty fright rather than it being terrifying.
But what about teams like the cavs? They are clearly a terrible terrible team, but they gotta wait longer to rebuild with a 3 year average.
Leave ASAP. That is all. Your life will be better for it
That's so frustrating but I'm glad you're all safe.
Which company? Tell us, they can't do shit.
[NAME] himself erased your memory of him screwing up. You shouldn't take these kind of things for granite.
Where the heck did the water bottle go??
That's beautiful.
It was heated between Boston and Minnesota back in 1980, but we worked together to bring home the gold. Welcome!
I hope it sticks for a while. I don’t have super even skin but I can’t stand wearing foundation.
I had no idea what the fuck this was about. Found the ad and watched it. It's actually decent.
WHAT THE HELL!
Who tf told you that weirdo is left?
Cause emotions are difficult and people fear rejection
@Ben_Ripley42 I dont know but you seem to have annoyed her 😄
We don't deserve them but I'm so grateful they're here 🙏
You sound quite childish and unable to engage with any information that doesn’t conform to your narrative. Sad.
The people that use the image and leave that braindead comment are sheep, nothing more nothing less.
I'm disappointed that this isn't real...
I have a twin, apparently.
From My head to think it was better but obviously it's not #relapse #sadness #sickness #madness #misunderstanding #relapse #sadness #sickness #madness #misunderstanding
As much as I'd love to say it's mine, sadly I can't
I think the existence of scholarships and bursaries make schools think that they're doing something (even though it's not enough).
Thanks so much, I appreciate the feedback and will send it along the way.
edit: black gays and trans in the ball scene started it, much like a lot of our gay slang
You can see his tooth bouncing off the pavement on the right after he falls. Brings a tear of joy to my eye 😅
Go back to bed, grandpa
like srsly somebody help me deal with this social anxiety
Yeah, I’ve done something like that too — I broke my mom’s ceramic bowl (the only one she used for dough), not my fault though!
I wish you with all my heart to find a woman that will love you so much that will get you a bj bell.
Yep, they’re women’s shoes!!
You people are the one's who got me here! Thanks to everybody who helped me reach 80+K upvotes:)
I’m not a fan of that hire at all... I’m also not a fan about how that all came out. All around bad.
It looked so unreal.
I once called a retard "beautiful" lulz karma please 😄😄
@VectoneMobileUK The worst customer service and lack of professionalism from this service provider! #phoneprovider #badbusiness  #phoneprovider #badbusiness
If you think that you're ready for a relationship, go ahead. As long as you're not stepping on anyone.
annoyed at most
I wonder how that works if the seatbelt wouldn’t fit even if they were sitting in a regular seat? They only go so far, right?
Please no hate it’s my first post bro please
I. AM. AWARE. That doesn't make it cool and good for him to race bait.
That’s how I outfitted my team in that awesome red and black colossus armor.
As horrible as it is to say, evidently the voting population doesn't care enough to make a large impact.
@ikhras @benglaze Amal Clooney should try to prosecute  #Bush/ #Blair for #war crimes that turned our World upside down&amp;created  #bush #blair #war
@carysmithwriter @Maria_Savva @RealRockAndRoll We're the least known band in the World, but so glad you asked #muchlove #hilarious #muchlove #hilarious
I like to answer "CALLER 7, YOU ARE LIVE ON THE AIR!"
I'd make that trade and I don't even like big macs.
I read that as [NAME]. Lol
How hard is it to get in touch with @bt_uk! One simple question I can't find answer to on website and 1 hour waiting for online chat
Levitate also means you can walk on water
I am clueless lately. None of my students parents speak English. It breaks my heart because I want to have more open communication.
Thanks! I like your advice. I'm a mom too. I was even smaller after she was born than before my pregnancy. Weirdness.
Can be a while or never. They filed with place holders filled in for required details.
The kissing and touching don't stop, they just get more... interesting.
Skiving #Freshers2016 for a me day! #nails #sunbeds and #gym 😉💜👑 #priorities #student #studentnurse #pampered #happy #freshers2016 #nails #sunbeds #gym #priorities #student #studentnurse #pampered #happy
That makes a lot of sense. I wish I knew how to stop myself from doing it tho
Makes me very happy indeed.
@MoviesTVNetwork Wow, did you get a really good buy on a bunch of '70's movies? There were bad then and are worse now!
Checked-in for my flight to Toronto. Took seat 3D just to infuriate @perpetualgeek.
I’d pass unless he cost nothing of significance.
I still can't believe I used to watch [NAME] videos
If we didn’t throw out offers after [NAME] himself has been all over it. Then lynch needs to get checked.
Hey we have feelings too nerd
Bro, people are telling you why a hundred bucks isn't a "high fee" for this type of event and you're not listening. Cheers.
Afridi !!! 100 off 42 !! #mad #mad
I just ordered a hoodie! Thanks!
That’s the free market for you!
I don’t know why, but if I had to guess his sport beforehand...I’d still say it’d be bowling
Congratulations mate!!
Are they from a shithole or a civilized country? These are important questions.
Thank you for these helpful points. I’ll read them again later.
If only I could figure out how. I'm trying, but to no avail.
I remember winter of 2014 when we were like -20s wind-chills. Everyone was boiling water and throwing it in the air and watching it evaporate.
I would of at least helped the poor guy. Throw some fire crackers at the dam thing
I’m surprised the comments and views on that channel haven’t gone crazy.
I really wanted him to be wearing cowboy boots, but will still upvote for those rain boots!
I guess we're just gonna have to agree to disagree.
Ohhhhh that couple!
I didn't even notice there was a mistake
I find Asian men hot and have dated a few - I'm a white woman
They listened in a way.. they just executed it in such a way that makes us pay 3-5x over what we should be paying for skins.
Maybe not harassment in this tweet in particular, but there are difinitely some fans who are still pressed about eliminations and are not afraid to let the queens know
Hope for policies cracking down on lazy “one-size-fits-all” governance, allowing low-risk residents to return home for New Year.
This is just something I’ve noticed among my NFP Friends vs me.
I used them too, did a great job but they were super expensive.
Well that’s just like, your opinion, man
I would highly recommend [NAME] ([NAME]) he is the great-grandson of [NAME]
Well thank you for all that you are doing. Have you considered becoming a dispatcher too while you are at it? Haha
Lmao that’s so true
i dont know the system cause i never speak a word i have never had trouble with it i just wanna play the game
Yeah suck it, California
> She fucked my bumper up and I will forever hate her And her insurance didn't repair it because???
Such a strange signing, hopefully he wont cause to many problems in the dressing room
It's a last resort when I forget my iPod, I swear
Naw man Asain men have an easier time. Most of my asain friend are pretty boy. Fuckbois lol
Ah yes of course, how could I have been such a Horseshoe crab!
That's amazing!
You’re the kind of guy I could really dig... a grave for!
It’s funny
Justice for that horrendous no call
Everyone including an ambassador has freedom of speech. Get an education.
I just realized people in apartments are essentially screwed, that is too bad man, hopefully you'll get that going soon! It's worth it!
It's good worrying about things that can be helped. Lol
I turned the game off last night wondering what it’s like to have two point guards and being slightly jealous of the Nets.
It's almost like the other commenter purposely misinterpreted the statement for a quick joke.
But I think his feelings care about the fact that he's still not tall enough to ride any of the roller coasters at Disneyland
Thanks for your input into this discussion. It has been very productive.
Sorry, it’s just my absolute favorite thing
i wonder how people who are in college/undergrad who are in stable relationships do it.
Lots of physical intimacy and sex almost every time we met. Never suspected that this would ever become a problem.
Because nobody in their right mind would ever buy it
One of my 56 favourites
Dammmn girl them make up skills! Your eyes are so wonderfully icy!!
lol, I thought he might have been heading towards that direction with that too.
Used to love Thai-tanic. Haven't been in ages.
Many places are over 10,000, but in my hometown county the average housing price is 7–8K while the average salary is only 3.5K.
Should have sold him some underwear and told him wearing it would power his phone.
Because the PS4 doesnt have any incredible exclusives? Edit: I was being sarcastic, please stop trying to teach me which games are good PS4 exclusives :(
Prosciutto pizza is nice, but how can you fuck it up so badly that it ends up here?
Time to start my end of life tren blast!
Because it contains the nudity of a child, and that is a federal crime?
Now let's just hope session also becomes season.
Worried it will be taken off the table?
Ehhh, it's an opinion, it's not wrong or right, just highly unpopular and ill-informed.
I always fall for this joke on here..
How ignorant do you have to be to not understand that [NAME] IS NOT ALT-RIGHT. HE PREACHES COMMON SENSE THAT NO ONE APPARENTLY ADHERES TO CLEARLY.
@iJuvia_ \n\nHearing the noises, Akame opened her eyes and sat up, facing Juvia. She didn't expect at all to see someone around and staid --
@ryanwilson2015 That's why compatibility is key as it lowers hedonic volatility.
There's too much focus on "our side Vs their side" and things just seem to be getting worse
There was a known, violent mentally-ill person named "Chop" in a neighborhood I worked in.
wah my face all cringed up.
Awesome map!
I equally love and despise them when they talk about a player diving as "flopping"
He absolutely loves it!!
Yep. I'm glad I never did. I'll gladly use their service for free when it suits me and give them nothing in return
Heading home to cut grass in the heat. All I wanna do is go out to eat somewhere air conditioned.  #AdultingIsTheWorst #adultingistheworst
This converstaion reminds me of this old [NAME] cartoon. Apparently some people were upset by it.
******fucking internet, am I right?
He's a alt right MAGA idiot.
Makes sense, thanks!
Lol nah i’m not playing your game dude. Have a good night
the few movies that i have watched since then, i cried my eyes out.
He goes after my Wisconsin teams all the time... so I live that one haha. Pisses me off but still love em
#FF @ManihaAamir @adrence Keep on #smiling … ! #ff #smiling
Odd to think that most people in this photo are either dead or just about into pension age.
Your insurance rates went up because they. Aw hell...like it makes any differencd
Bingo! “I tried but those dirty libtards wouldn’t fund it. Sad.” Will be involved somewhere
Has to be [NAME] doesn't it? 3 [NAME] in the squad with another on trial, plus they're pretty shit this season.
I wanna give [NAME] a mosquito bite
This right here is the reason why the whole "can't do venti nitro because of the caffeine" excuse is bs
@IreneEstry can't wait to see you Hun #cuddles #gossip #laughter #cuddles #gossip #laughter
Close your damn mouth before it catches a fly
Oh definitely!
Fuck that, he can go to Cleveland with [NAME] on that bullshit.
Maybe work on being a little more optimistic for the future......don't be a debbie downer! :)
Foreign experts infer from data — without data, saying “maybe” or “probably” is irresponsible.
I have seen some terrible minion stuff, I thought I've seen the worst of the worst. I was wrong...I was horribly wrong.
This stuff is very effective tho its weird smoking the quarter of a gram gets you going
"You're a good man [NAME]." Yo [NAME], are you watching the same show I am?
I get ya man. It happens to the best of us.
...and prone to paranoia and hatred of outsiders.
You know, you’re right, she didn’t take the opportunity as seriously as she should have it seems
Crazy how [NAME] being a POS had been factual since the 90s but he’s only now feeling the consequences of his actions
This sounds serious. I don't think I have the ability to help ya but you definitely need to talk to someone.
I'm really sorry for your loss friend. I hope everything is okay on your end too.
I naively walked up and stuck my head in the driver's window hole.
[NAME] MADE ME personally to eat BACON you ignorant vegans.
i’n on a diet for my disease AND to lose weight therefore it cancels out boys, i’m scot free
I left the business never to come back. Then I met the owner of this place. I love this job.
It certainly is. I create very little space in my life for people like that period.
It was fucking in!!
Anyone staying up for [NAME] [NAME]? Probably gonna go in and out of sleep watching on the couch
Hold my wine, I have to go vomit in sorrow.
Competitive sports value ethics and fairness. The “bottle incident” may differ across cultures, but respect for rules and others is essential.
ok so one guy? that again you didn't know personally.
Thank you for the solid advice 👍 I’ve had about a year of creative highs so maybe my brain just needs a break
I love Big Brother, they make an appointment and come pick up used household goods and clothes. Easiest way to donate.
Anytime @perezed gets near a mic, someone needs to smack him w a bat. @BBTN  #marblesinmouth #marblesinmouth
[Licks salt] "Hey guys, this *definitely* isn't snow!"
missed a good chance to copy the one the UNC football player wrote a few years ago for an A-
Yeah, I just visited there and it seems more disordered than this sub... Strange
Ah, I read it wrong. Jzk.
Please go to youtube and leave a comment and share :) Happy new year!!!
Seriously. OP needs to get their shit together.
I had no idea. Is this recent?
I don't think there is any correlation between sugar and hyper behavior.
So fucking mad my blood boiling.
There's DOJ guidelines that he cannot be indicted.
what guy or girl would be glad to get this as a gift
Yeah buh idk. I’d have to be really horny too and I’m really shy and anxious around him.
Sorry man I don’t really like duck.
Headed to MDW w/ layover in SLC. Got off for food. Wrong move. Bailed on my food &amp; barely made it. @SouthwestAir #WannaGetAway #Contest  #wannagetaway #contest
Fear mongering.
Do you have the car? Why didn't you get copies? What aren't you telling us?
It's a cruel, uncaring universe we live in. Fingers crossed things won't completely fall apart for them.
Well the. Today I stand correctly informed. Thank you
That’s horrible. Only religion could make an otherwise normal person want to show a torture and murder video to a child.
Thank you for the correction. I'll make sure to be careful of that in the future.
The priest must have taken pity on me because of the rain, because my hands were otherwise engaged, and apparently because he thought I looked smokin ' hot.
The poor dude.....pray for him.
Lol I hate this too!
The final boss must be a girl who doesn't want to be his queen
It is a gorgeous picture. However I would rather that sun exploded and took us all to kingdom come than sit in traffic.
LOL top right one says "It's MY birthday"
Another raging storm brought on by my own emotions sorry everyone. enjoy the thunder
> and twice on Sunday Yeah I'm going to be using that any day of the week from now on and twice on Sunday
That is incredibly disheartening.
Great hand eye coordination and speed. Reads the plays in the D zone very well.
The best I could offer was a small keloid scar on the meaty part of my palm from busting a glass while washing dishes.
What’s wrong with this outfit? It’s summer—I wear T-shirts and shorts too, okay???
It was shocking to me when I realized this! Best of luck on your journey!
I think I could watch an entire show with just these two all the time.
Last night I had a dream that today was Christmas. I woke up screaming because I wasn't ready. #nightmare #nightmare
Happy cakeday your username is fun
i have so much hw tonight im offended
Hopefully they can bounce back and take out the anger of this loss on the pistons, then start a new win streak
NL's top bureaucrat is a director of a group formed to oppose NL's top megaproject. #nlpoli - never dull #nlpoli
It just feels nice to share uplifting energy with people.
And everyone clapped
Thats one way to make political and economic instability sound super fun
Why do the people there lose their jobs? Not doubting you, I just don't understand those rehab centers.
If anything makes me belive someone DOESN'T get laid, it's comments like this.
That's how it be sometimes.
Who said that
Welcome to the party, pal!
@gypsydragoness chuckle. 'Any idea girl?' The dragoness let out a frustrated growl, blowing smoke out of her nostrils. The old man nodded +
Nope this was Saturdays sunset :) I wish I was out there today for the sunset!
Well, my answer tried to be funny and witty. But apparently it struck some insecurities in some guys.
I think [NAME] was just holding back, who'd want to go kill their nephew ([NAME] in [NAME]).
Feel the energy! Amazing PK and two great goals!
No doubt would start at wing. We need help there and it would help ease him in
You are a sad person
LOL! @TheFrankJLopes was just awarded the “F” bomb trophy on #AutoDealerLive, @RealMatKoenig :) #serious #autodealerlive #serious
I could still feel glass showering down and now the cut on my head was bleeding pretty badly, I could taste the blood as it ran down my face and mixed with my sweat and hit my lips.
Always been a Yankees and Chargers fan. Ask me how it feels to lose to Boston in two division playoff rounds within a few months.
At least they can make some good pizza
Hitting me. That just added another funny dynamic to it even though I wasn’t actually trying to hit her.
I bleed it out, chicken tikka just to throw it away...
too much logic in there for remainiacs only interested in cheering for unicorns and insulting the british people.
What a catch, that's how you win championship games there. Wow.
[NAME] punches here are so desperate and have absolutely zero power in them. He was outclassed so badly twice in a row after such a dominant run.
A guy that size could very easily kill a petite woman with a direct punch
#Spina #Bifida a #neural #tube #birth #defect where the #nervous #system &amp; #spinal #cord do not fully develop #raredisease #June #awareness #spina #bifida #neural #tube #birth #defect #nervous #system #spinal #cord #raredisease #june #awareness
We're all in D. T. (Discipleship training or detox) for something. #messy  #cutoff #choosefreedom #CryOut16 #messy #cutoff #choosefreedom #cryout16
It's not unique and its decidedly worse.
This post fucking sucks because it doesn't cater to my beliefs.
Just the best WR in the league retweeting the best TE in the league, nothing to see here....
You have more patience than I do.
@lericoo 35. Do you hold a grudge against your ex?
I think I had that thought years ago, but then I heard they were making a third trailer park boys movie, so I wanted to see that.
Clearly not or you wouldn't have fallen for Leftist propaganda.
No one likes him enough to tell him he’s wearing women’s glasses
Paul forever. Paul should have won! Paul played such a better game! #BB18 #angry #bb18 #angry
Good morning! Welcome the new day into your life and your heart #mindfulness  #zen #mindfulness #zen
Sending lots of love to you, I wish you fight your demons successfully and get all the love and respect you deserve
[NAME] (swt) does not need your worship. If you do good deeds and humble yourself and seek forgiveness He might guide you again.
@corruptmelon now im feeling the
I won't cry any crocodile pears for you, that's for sure.
I dont think a murder log that survived what killed off trex counts as cute, even if its only 2 or 3m long.
I have not yet. But I have been advised to. Thank you!
@TetraVariations I don't need a mask, but I'll gladly make a donation to help in ur name! Is it Mr. TY Rex or first initial only? #serious #serious
Fuckin' HockeyMod is almost as inconsistent as the Sens are.
Must've been hard to resist, although the joke would've felt flaccid since it hangs so low
I think not including a question about favorability of [NAME] was a missed opportunity, given the questions are clearly written by someone involved in the rationalist community.
Demeaning women is the same as mocking the clown president? Cool.
Isn't it crazy how 2005 is considered "classic"?
Oh man it's been so long since I've played #madden I am trash anymore. #madden
I want to end myself when it happens
Only blurred photos, but could be something I suppose. Here's to hoping
Nah hes just setting an image.. Hes backed by ps to play this tourny...
On this sub I don't know whether to upvote or downvote
Thanks for explaining the point he was making.
I’m sorry should I have brought my make-up wipes and washed my face during my MRI? Or my ultrasound? Find some peace, man.
I have failed you [NAME]. I have failed you.
a butt ....hahahahahahaha ......every 4th grader ever
I'm not assuming anything, I've stated products that I know we produce in sufficient quantities.
This. We already have so much more OL talent. We need another WR and TE, but I'm kinda excited
Ok google it then. 🤦🏼‍♀️
That is amazing! Congratulations! Such a great news!
Oh I gets it. Sort of wished these two guys were more of on the same page.
She might be hungry too since she didn’t lose her head ... feed that skinny thang
Oh, okay. Thank you. I hadn't been keeping up with it.
Imagine suffering chronic depression  and being told 'you have an unattractive chip on your shoulder' #DWP #WRAG #WWW.GOV.UK #Mentalhealth #dwp #wrag #www #mentalhealth
Damn. Hope they don’t have children
"Think about how dumb the average person is; then realize that half of them are dumber than that!" - [NAME]
Man, half the time they show me a google search that had no target results.
Changing my hair again #shocking #shocking
Will I ever NOT be tired again? This second kid put me over the top 🙃 #workmom #grateful #workmom #grateful
Oh my [NAME] I completely didn’t realise. I’m so sorry
Sorry, but this one is funny. Wake up at 3am jabbing with a needle, patient satisfaction survey, what could possibly go wrong??
Aww now I can’t listen to falling down
[NAME], [NAME]; these people have familes.
>The only way change will happen is when the national media actually focuses on them. Precisely what a protest is aimed at engendering.
Dad had a heart attack, but he'd been in a fight. Unfortunate circumstances.
When asked about my hopes for the Wild, i always (half) jokingly say, “i hope my grandkids can see them raise their first Cup”
I laughed harder than I should have at this reply. Then the sadness hit me when I realized it wasn't meant to be funny.
If you do that there is no incentive to fix whatever budget problem is
I thought he was guaranteed to sign with the Padres lol
Shut up nerd
[NAME] bless the united [NAME]
fuck a nigga feelings till I find a nigga I'm feeling 😆
Wonderful sculptures. Love the expression of the Scottish mythology behind them.
I'd have responded "no problem,I'll just return it"
Team Arrow getting stalked and sent threatening notes Also I'm :( for the [NAME] part.
Guns are too quick. You can't savor all the... Little emotions
Like, [NAME]?
There is no *inherent* meaning, but this does not necessarily render it meaningless. Only you can decide whether your life has meaning or not.
I took Hawaii ML and even I'm clenching.... this is INSANE
Should be coming this year with MW4. It's now or never
it's currently snowing big flakes outside and i'm crossing my fingers and hoping for a snow day.
@BigBossPeltonen \nLikewise #death #cutting #despair #death #cutting #despair
Dedicated agents will work without pay to see him hauled away in cuffs to visit his pal [NAME].
Even regular viewers can see the cuts. Sigh, if necessary, just introduce a rating system — stop over-cutting! It’s ruining the viewing experience.
Congrats!!
Nobody actually likes tiktok adverts
@JohnKerry can be as indignant as he wants but the world knows Obama will do nothing and Putin will just do what he wants #Aleppo #Syria #aleppo #syria
Full schedules have been The end for us before but This time I have hope
@wesrucker247 sounds like a good game plan for our offense....
I, too, am a lot of fun at parties. We can stand together in the corner!
This is the worst meme format in the history of meme formats, maybe ever
Question for all the cheerleaders who ages out!!\nHow to I make my senior year of cheer more memorable
I sent that link to my girlfriend, whom I met on Tinder lol
Interesting, I’m going to have to pay closer attention. Thanks.
I'm scared that my coworkers are going to submit me to one of those 'wardrobe makeover' shows. #fear #fashion #fear #fashion
That’s kind of cool! You made a friend at the store. I usually make people want to leave.
This shrapnel bomb shattered the pieces of plastic into my face and legs.
Inspiring music that makes you proud.
That sounds like something you would see in some fucked utopian society where if you had enough points you were "*sent away*"
At this point, it’s certain that GA isn’t happening.
I, too, thought it was carrying a dildo
exactly how i feel about it too. the guy is just a jerk, and can't be bothered to care unless it benefits him. selfish little prick
Literally all I wanted was some sort of evidence and somehow I’m wrong...? You’re too stupid to be real.
Well, I had hopes for today. No go. #unhappy #unhappy
Honestly, no need to wear it. I don’t want to either, but as a Chinese I can’t defy them — if I were local, I might even get detained.
Do you still have the video?
"1-" in [NAME] on the tag of a plush toy is soul crushing.
The kind of women they'll never get.
No, you're thinking of basilisk. A basterisk is a person born outside of wedlock.
Leaders, please look into Shandong Oriental Ocean Group in Yantai owing employees billions in unpaid loans!
This has the makings of a great painting.
I'm not even going to read all of that. It is not mindboggling AT ALL. [NAME] is a huge douchebag. The end.
0.1% is a 1 in a thousand chance there, dumbass.
This feels like a joke [NAME] would tell. Love it
Makes me want to break out my 'learn to use my SLR properly' resolution again.. more time commitment tbh. Great shot.
Agreed. Everything she did was bad. She didn't anything good at all. Edit: Grammar.
Even the worst pyramid scheme pays out something.
THEY CALLED ME M I S T E R A S S
I've spent too much of my life being angry at the Jets, just gotta roll with it now.
I could've done without the bottom right pic.
It's both. Keep your eyes open and you'll see more..
I understand that there are issues. However, if someone chose to stay away from Perth due to the violent behaviour then where would they go on holiday?
That's a funny way of spelling "Don't make me feel bad about my bad choices"
@TChudhry @fasiranjha lol @ ur caste. even if the whole village dies.. a massali like you cant be a chaudhry:) so cheer up massali :)
My boyfriend is transitioning and I hope he turns out as handsome as you!
Wow! What a joyous companion--for each of them. How wonderful!!!
one of the main things im doing w/ 13c is filling in the void of my empty bitter heart by making everything how i wanted it to be growing up
These guys are playing hard to get. Gonna take off my bra, BLAST MY NIPS!
I just wanted to play arcade games together.
A buddy of mine took his exes ring and taped it to the top of a firework mortar then set it off. It was glorious
Thanks for the suggestion!
Boston Children’s Hospital has these!!! Love it!
-30°, then again I'm only 16. Been a while since these temps have come around so it's not pleasant.
@danbloom1 beware the fury of a weak king
I sliced my abs in half!
Or both!
They're a nakedly political institution, and have been for years now.
Cheers lad :)
What the hell happened today? There must have been a pretty major disagreement.
Wise people don’t equate wise with any political orientation . Wise people know there are bozos screaming on both sides.
Thank you so much for the wonderful compliment, glad you enjoy it!
i mean yeah but people need to understand when someone needs something other than just sexual comments and maybe some actual support
Y’all some sharks. I’m really just out here trying to be hopeful for the future of my team after a heart shattering lost.
I saw these in a cart and I was so confused why the tennis balls were so small...then I noticed the word "gum".
@alooftroye so what you mean to tell me is that.... glee is...... getting less........... gleeful?
When I got to grow old yet... They'll either remember how much damage it all is just ridiculously macabre.
Absolutely fuming I've just scratched all my car 😡😡😡😡😡😡
That’s exactly what it was. Exciting entertainment. Sometimes you just gotta let go & accept it for what it is.
Analytics and instagram... are you joking?
Come on, New Day! Make it finally finally happen, [NAME]!
Yup if you’re ahead and just want to spam actives I enjoy it with an upgraded cursed ankh to really hurt healing based teams
Related question: is there a level cap? EDIT: I mean for the account, not the characters.
I like offensive humour. But just because somethings offensive doesn't mean it's funny.
i envy you, I'm just stuffed with cringe
@spamvicious I've just found out it's Candice and not Candace. She can pout all she likes for me 😍
Glasgow Girls' is a real tonic @stratfordeast:an eclectic range of songs, barbed humour and eloquence in its fiery rage against injustice
Thank you. ❤️ I really appreciate your comment
Fair enough. But remember, the sooner you spawn, the sooner you'll have that sweet free labour around the house
I'm not afraid to love, I'm afraid of not being loved back.
My truck has a camper shell. I can drive around town while you kids screw back there. $20/hr and gas.
Bojack Horseman: the saddest show ever written?? #depression #season1 #depression #season1
just realized the pic is unrelated kinda, whatever though. proud of me despite my anxiety about puttin myself or there
Nah he kept blowing on it for like 25 mins agitating it then put his head close to it . Dude totally desearved it
THANKS ^(that was close...)
I mean fun
A Leopard never changes its spots! #lost #lost
> You could probably argue that they'd be fine with giant steaks and BBQ Pretty sure I mentioned it.
I guess [NAME] are especially good at making heaven sound boring 😂. I'm also an [NAME]
I guess you win *shrugs*
“Regain the fan base”. How immature do you have to be to believe that everyone agrees with you.
I too rationalize how bad my my ex-girlfriend is now that she's gone. 8(
Buddy I think you may have been wooooshed..
Everyone has their own preferences I happen to play better when I have multiple balls in my pockets.... no pun intended
Opposite for us! My fiance cuddles me because it helps him fall asleep, then I can play video games in bed!
You don't know what fact is?
That’s where they drop off Snake Plissken, so he can rescue our President [NAME]. AKA, Escape from San Francisco.
Dear [NAME] man! (Irony intended) You didn't say "proof" you said "evidence"!
Lol. Your dad made me laugh. Tell him thanks.
[NAME], I love science.
Maybe she was attempting to be ironic? I dunno, man, people are just an enigma.
By the time we landed in Paris ( and for the next 3 weeks ) that is the only song I had in my head.
@Taoist_Skeptic @jackaberlin @DrJillStein @politicususa Doubt U have anything to be afraid of as Trump has been vilifying minorities &amp; women
It's all hypocrisy and projection. The people smearing him work for [NAME] and [NAME].
Thank you, trust me I'm extremely glad.
I want to do more with my brain and experience more of what it is capable of.
But then you regret it because you realize you secretly liked the attention. Just bottom things.
Got it, thanks for clearing it up.
The brick details actually look good. Everything else - ehhhhhh.
There's a Houston Jobs subreddit that may be of some help!
Watch the movie "The Big Short". You'll love it. Promise.
That sub sounds boring as fuck.
Oh no he didn't!
Cut the guy off and gave him a yes-no question. Which he exasperatedly answered. This is not the way to listen.
Sky full of song, June, Patricia and The End of Love all by Florence + The Machine
Well, yeah. She wasn't the best actress up for the award by a long shot. I don't think this is a surprise to anyone.
i'm happy that someone was there, but then again, there still is that part of me, driven deep down and rooted in the ground that keeps on whispering in my ear, `` in the end, all you got is you, remember that. ''
We also thought about that :)! I'll try look for other options!
thanks bot! You too man!......Soooooo, what does YOUR hair look like?....
Nah [NAME] gonna be an asexual for sure.
It was 3 grams in total, my buddies and I rolled with our own stuff
u/TheQTVain praying for your little fighter. Hope everything goes well and he comes out in good health. Stay strong and let [NAME] do his thing ❤️
Actually I got mine right when they were getting banned
A good Party cadre — executes policy precisely, knows his role, loyal and steady. Admirable spirit.
They do not believe in the NAP nor do they believe in property. Although [NAME] would balk at being associated with [NAME]
Dudes karma is -99 lol
thank you so much <3
[NAME] ever love the busses
>wireless beats Yeah they're better off in the garbage
Now it's a double birth stone, so it's extra special!
If we can’t really rest anywhere, skip the long holiday. They want tourism revenue without taking control risks — life doesn’t work that way.
Even that. I have 0 desire to see what happens after TLJ. I'll probably watch the RLM review and call it a day.
*Get up and Drive your funky soul by [NAME] starts playing
I'm making small steps to change my life
Dude's brain is so huge his hat can't fit on his head.
Wow those girls in the corner "twerking" were the best (worst?) part.
Same.. I wonder why we catastrophize over these minor things so much and others seem to be able to forget them..
I fucking love that you actually educated me a little about punk. Thanks for the suggestions, I'll definetly listen to them.
I like this idea.
The neighbor dancing in the Clayton Homes commercial is me.
So Mary Berry, Mel and Sue have gone with their principles, and @PaulHollywood  has gone with the fame and fortune. #GBBO  #depressing #gbbo #depressing
HEY! Once I was out on my own, I **loved** getting socks and underwear as gifts. My son just realized the same thing.
What do you think women do? I’m quiet as a churchmouse when I mastrubate, too
That’s adorable! He probably wants them all in one spot so he can make sure they’re ok and not getting lost or hurt.
I actually currently have a girlfriend and I love her. It's just that those past situations gave me trust issues for life I guess.
poor mid20s guys, they obviously deserved all the EP experiences in the world
@BBHOH #terrible Paul so deserved that win!!! #bbfail #terrible #bbfail
The SATs are taken on weekends, it's a standardized test that's used for university applications and not a regular school thing.
What’s populism? I’ve seen it a lot lately and it seems to have, as far as I can tell...no meaning.
I heard The Knockout was originally 100 episodes, cut down to 39? No wonder the ending felt rushed — a pity. Still, it’s definitely this year’s breakout drama!
Stop drawing empty pies (making promises) — it’s already year 3202, even villages have internet. You think people are as gullible as 30 years ago?
Neither are sleeping adults, so it's ok to kill someone as long as they are asleep.
That's not what I've heard ;)
The radio just told me Lady GaGa is going country, which is like if the Beatles decided to do opera singing for their final albums
Boy oh boy! our weekday schedule is crazy! But no matter how tired I am I do whatever it takes to keep the smile on Kai's face from a frown
You're definitly an asshole, or a troll. Maybe both.
I haven't gone to someone to talk about it. I really want to, though.
[NAME]? Didnt have have lots of problems with injuries. He seems to be doing fine now, scoring and all.. But why him?
[NAME] is a hero I always saw it. But seriously I love his video essays and im so ecstatic that hes a raimi memer!
That’s a stud combo, that Baker jersey looks so sexy as a classic
@itsyourgirl_Z happy birthday :) have a blessed day love from Toronto :) #bday  #bday
@alicehouston18 sorry I'm just angry my drone flew away
Damn! Do they think Guangzhou people are pushovers? These folks are breaking laws — time to call in riot police!
I dont think all of us do. However I think the ones who actually do are unfortunately the loudest.
Of fucking course it is...
Somebody who has braved the storm is brewing.
That's just sad if it's for a game
Ones with close ties to SA, anyway. An escaped apostate won't exactly be itching to run home.
I once went outside with my eyes open, it was way too intense for me.
Happy Birthday to #Olympic #great and #champ @jordyn_wieber 🎉 🎂 🎈 #olympic #great #champ
Boom. Sand. Great image
YES BOYS.
Hell yeah, i agree ☺
Took me long time to figure out there are two dogs.
Ive always wondered how long Angelina put up with Brad's crap. Not gon lie 😐 #bitter #bitter
>"Fuck it Im on my way out anyway" "Fuck it Im on my way out to Seattle"
Because he's too impulsive and needs to be able to tweet while eating ice cream in bed.
You do right, if you don't care then fuck 'em!
Cookie ♥ Nutella, topping Kinder BuenoWhite\n#cookie #muffin #nutella #food #delicious #foodporn #happy #dessert #chocolate #cake #junkfood #muffin #nutella #food #delicious #foodporn #happy #dessert #chocolate #cake #junkfood
@ManUtd you have had from me over the years is irrelevant. Its an absolute joke. #manutd #ticketing #fuming #noloyalty #joke #notimpressed #manutd #ticketing #fuming #noloyalty #joke #notimpressed
>!why you bully me :,0 i didn't even know what a mantis was before this conversation!<
@Nick_Offerman I'll be there!! Can't wait for all the #mirth! #mirth
You know you exercised good when your limbs are shaking afterwards 😂
Because they vote democrat and democrats are the party of Mexico
You played torb....... that’s why. Just kidding that’s really weird though
Lol at illegals paying taxes. Most do not pay any or pay very little.
A Wall is NOT a Volition of the NAP you idiot.
Nice words, but useless. The good cop–bad cop act has been played too long — people aren’t so easily fooled anymore.
Thank you for your service.
"If you don't wear BROWN AND ORANGE...YOU DON'T MATTER!" We need a tshirt with that on it asap!
I love [NAME] :)
@Bwana86 I can fear that someone is always following me everywhere I go. Does that make it true??
[NAME] was horribly inconsistent this year
Wow! There's no reason for this comment!
Ah the ole pelvic buster
You okay there, bot?
omg that was full on Tequila [NAME]!!!
He was so close.
Honestly- live your life as a person who can love what others hate- because that’s just a little more joy in your life versus their hate.
i truly believe compulsive, chronic cheaters are sociopaths. no empathy, compassion, and they're impulsive and manipulative
You’re heartless if you’re calling people who smoke marijuana “druggies” and I’m done arguing with you, have a nice day.
This is your first boyfriend so you're overanalyzing more than you normally would. It's your issue you just have to move past it.
Lmao the revolution is here haha
Then we shall duel for it. *Good Fight!*
She has to thank him for his time first, and no throwing! You must be gentle and fold him nicely as you discard him.
He will rest easy knowing how happy he made all of us
I legitimately had a hard time believing such terrible people exist until I encountered one for myself!
I can definitely feel my irritation today, lord give me strength
That would have been cool for sure
I understand your point. But I’d still rather get some stuff stolen than lose a member of the family.
It's racism. It doesn't make me angry, it makes me feel sorry for their ignorance and yours.
Lol "Weapons grade weed", I love it
[NAME] I hate Twitter
Totally creeped me out.
Sorry I dropped this /sノ( ゜-゜ノ)
Do you have a job yourself?
Oh well pain depends entirely on how you die
[NAME] funded "The Life Of Brian" as well
You president now?
...*rip everyone who didnt go to college and instead paid your way through a degree which is hopefully a net return*
I couldn’t believe my ears. she’s unbelievable.
Somebody's obnoxious.
Someone shits on the floor and you'll say nothing?
Mom you remember when Narley died? You cried like a baby!
So the watering down continues. When will the democrats stop losing the battle before it's fought?
They need all the help they can get. If they continue their bad form they can get relegated. They just fired [NAME]
@douglas_nat @one11north I need it today! Do u know how many fuckin French plaits I had to do this morn with a stroppy 9 yr old!
I like my coffee like my women.
Love it yeet
Thanks for your reply! Maybe I’ll try that game with him and see how he responds.
That’s petty debateable, there’s disagreement in the ranks but not enough to change their names or policies.
Lol posting It on my story? Ya I was expecting alot of hate from my post XD my friends know me tho lol
I apologize for my error. I'm not currently up to date on my regional flip flop styles.
At least no one threw water on him and exacerbated things
my dogs making the most RIDICULOUS sounds right now its like a high pitched gargle-y growl
Ah to be a young teen again
A lot of times the only thing holding any of us back is ourselves. It's not too late to start writing either.
Unfortunately 22tcm is not standardized, as long as it's Armscor exclusive it's irrelevant.
Hey now, don’t try to have the guy killed. This is an upstanding sub.
Haha i have a depression playlist 3 years in the making. Love gorrilaz and rip x.
Yes. Or had trouble finding someone to sit by. Not many were interested in me.
That man was an amazing speaker, even these three minutes are enough to show that.
First I thought this was a repost then I realized you posted this five times straight...
Wow these are amazing
I'm so bored and fat and full and ridiculously overweight and rolls galore #terrible #terrible
Yeah he was going like "YOOOO" and his boy was like yo chill man tf this aint no club keep yo voice down lmao
Never doubt the crazy can get cranked up, as they say, hope for the best, prepare for the worst.
Except 47 out of the 59 tribes were in support of the pipeline. Don't let facts get in the way of your narrative though.
ASK AND YOU SHALL RECEIVE
@aidankerrpol I think you should do. Get the fashion police involved. #shocking #shocking
She was obviously moved by the music of @RobertCrayBand tonight and wanted to share the love. #blues #concert #blues #concert
This show’s a hit because it’s grounded—ending the old formula where villains are born evil and heroes only do good. Such writing feels real and full of life.
I’d be very concerned if the posts on this sub were coming from 7 year olds.
Yeah. You obviously can read the mind of all the voters.
Glad your happy but also what
i was agreeing with u/sixstringersoldier guess my analogy wasnt clear
As a man I would be quite pleased to hear this
You still haven't shown any evidence of racism outside your own mind.
Beautiful view!
Good luck in the future man. We're not getting anywhere here. Have a great weekend!
hey of course, I’m glad I could shine some light. Stay strong mate
The guy at the deli this morning when I went to get ham looked liable to collapse.
Yea but I hate existing, it’s nothing but sadness
it's basically a mock selective exam
The [NAME] of horror!
Not saying I know whats on his mind but he did say all he cares about is winning tbh only time will tell
When I was in college a girl in my dorm asked me to "stop using big words" because I used the word "duplicate."
This live action version is good but whats the original anime?
I'm also scared.
I thought that phrase was only used for memes now lol at least that's what I got from Vic deals
Mine is 2.5 and trying to drop her last nap. She needs it so desperately though. It is HELLLLLL dealing with this.
“Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success.'
Man, I assumed it was already out and I'd missed it.
@SomeonesAnIdiot @Sean10Lynagh  due to hearty lawsuit NASCAR will raise beer prices $0.07 to accommodate for losses.
Wow, I know he is the voice of [NAME], but I did not know he basically IS [NAME]
Same! I don’t know how our elementary level colleagues do it. When I subbed in elementary a few times it was awful.
I don't like it but it also makes sense. If [NAME] headlined a deal with the Mariners for [NAME], I'm all for it. 10000%
they just dropped KAP45. Free for 2 amazing guns but a pistol costs money? What gives.
# IF YOU DIG THIS, THEN YOU DUG THIS. CAUSE IT'S ALL ABOUT THE NERD FIGHT PORK PIE
& # x 26; nbsp; I gave them a quick glance and nodded my head and for the first time I felt like I had some sort of common bond with someone in this town.
I like you — the kind of liking that stirs a tsunami in my heart at the thought of your name.
Lol this pregame about players sucking and getting sent down and then coming back up later and doing better. A giant message to our facebook fans.
Funny how the whole rape thing just vanished once he was appointed.
Thanks for sharing. I'm afraid I will start to squint, this way. Not sure if it's the case.
realising you have no conditioner after already shampooing 😓😓
It was definitely [NAME] goal. The stadium announcer incorrectly gave it to [NAME] though.
I'm clueless as to what I could be clueless about too, [NAME]. What is the difference? Aren't all video games ultimately 'no lifeing' it?
To be fair how often has someone drafted in the top 5 not immediately joined the team.
My friend with BPD has just done this very thing when I moved down to their city. Have become a total stranger.
Shocking that a fat DnD kid is this self-important. Remarkable.
I highly doubt they will do another multiclass character after what [NAME] did to the game.
[NAME] looks so much better than she did at the premiere. Her lashes aren’t fucked up and the high pony is great.
Baby dont misunderstand..why cant I be head coach
Was thinking this would go the route of actually eating the thin guy. Bravo. 👏👏
They should do it even harder now to spite you
Weirdly I never heard of this show till I saw it on the RTE player this morning, and now this post... Maybe its a sign?
That sounds like a reasonable estimation. So what are YOU going to do? Because you can’t force them to treat you like real people.
[NAME], I thought we warned you about trying to collect "data" from this place.
i love this
Wasn't getting anywhere to begin with, might as well have some toxic fun with it.
I walked 3.4 miles today, the most I've walked since I got #rhabdo. Going back to work tomorrow.. here's to hoping it goes okay #nervous #rhabdo #nervous
@AllredMD @KerryCallen @thismanthispete Kirby's Black Panther in a cool animated panel.
They weren't, though. They were just sitting there which is to be expected when you have someone on the verge of being arrested at any moment.
Super shitting it about this tattoo #nervous #nervous
I hate [NAME] but this dude has already lied to Congress. How can you believe anything he says
This is quite common on people on such forums. I have a feeling they are a tad sarcastic.
This dish is a testament to be beautify and ingenuity of Italian civilization and culture.
This makes me so happy for you ♥️ I am glad you are getting the right kind of support you need!
Gamers know all too well how it feels to be oppressed by society.
By who? Hate the Flames all you want, but there's nobody competing for a wildcard spot that will "dunk" them in the first round
ok cool. ill be on the look out for that email then. thanks
Bruh I wish 😖
I feel a connection to this woman
RTD lines are free in Denver tonight. Stay safe.
Thanks for clarifying!
That guy who melodramatically dances around playing horribly soppy poppy chord progressions over and over and does a cringy dance that makes me want to kill things?
Optimism leads to success. - Bill Kerr @Coach__Kerr #success #optimism #goals #success #optimism #goals
We need some old school evil empire moves, sign [NAME] NOW!
it's horrible cos no one can relate,  everyone is happy and dandy in one way or another
>CFMEU Any excuse to act like thugs and not do any work.
Annoying isn’t it! Thanks, I guess I’ll have to stop responding too!
Kids Day in Toronto, Leafs STHs donate their tickets to kids so there's like 10,000 kids in the arena today. Pretty cool thing they started last year
Can't lose if you never stop appealing. Or at least that's what I'm told by your cohorts.
I don't get what you mean
@KatzeAnilothei this amount of greedy mooching makes me snarl.
They brown as they get older clear means nice and fresh
Refusing to acknowledge the *'First Act of Supremacy (1534)'* was a reason too.
i hope this grossed u out ur welcome 😎
Haha, not really on a budget, I like the ground turkey suggestion above!
I wish yall would stay off the fucking roads when youre drinking beer. Mind you, on a bike I may just get that wish after your first night out.
The next step in human evolution is for humanity to end. Life isn't worth preserving.
I need this in my veins now.
I like Kyber
my brain hurts...
Now this is something else
Upset? Edit. I didn't notice anybody bring it up but I hope it isn't rude to describe [NAME] being "Yandere".
Where do you work/what do you do?
Well I like [NAME] but other than her, I don't know any interesting asian youtubers. so help me out
Adding this to the list of reason why Wales doesn't get the Celtic Union invite when it all goes to shit over there
I would have thought this sub would be encouraging of religions and religious followers shifting their views into the 21st century.
I'm kind of tired of everything #summer #heat #bicycle   #videogames #bookwriting #nothavingacomputer #summer #heat #bicycle #videogames #bookwriting #nothavingacomputer
It is hard to make up the new relevant points at times.... Revolution they say
7 pax enjoyed the #gloom @Clayorangecrush @F3LakeMurray #gloom
unpopular opinion - but [NAME]. I'd take him over [NAME] any day.
I’d like him because he is very good. But he’s not a necessity.
You are goddam funny sir
Your comment has been removed for shaming. Thanks [NAME]
Dude, it made *me* reflect a little. Side note, what a wonderful username.
This is damn sick. Has almost a vapor wave feel lol.
Happens every time. Your just playing the with your sibling and then someone accidently hits the other and it turns in to world war 3.
You okay?
Wow, ouch...
I can hardly hear you over those goal posts moving! Ahhhh the facts! They hurt! They hurt so bad mama!
No no no no no no no Op you’re a brave one.
I will not be preposition shamed. but yeah, you're right
I have a shirt with a picture that is very similar to this
I always thought it was his country could be wrong tho
And you get a gold! and you get a gold!! and you get a gold!!!
How long a brain can keep its consciousn when blood pressure and flow is zero?
> His face, mate. He thought he was a goner. Properly lol'd at that and reading all [NAME]' bits in his accent
I know! If it's going to be that cold I want snow. I think there's a chance next weekend
And he was like “umm you woke me up for this, [NAME]?!” Lmao. That made me laugh.
Relax it's a joke. Everyone does some 90's at the end of their videos. Otherwise people will assume that you aren't sweaty enough.
I’m aware but you won’t see the Turkish state broadcaster promoting that filth.
When school held a donation, I stole family money to give—and because I gave the most, the teacher called my parents.
[NAME] is the best
Love how this had to be labelled: not satire
Yes, very sad but that's the reality of competitive online gaming right now
I always suggest Laser Quest downtown, it's a blast!
This is so wholesome! I can‘t wait for Animal Crossing Switch! 😍🤩
It's even more useless if there is no other source of power (capacitor, etc.) other than the sun to work.
I personally think it should be illegal to let unsecured people ride in the back of your Bakkie. That section should only be for goods.
When you just want all the attention #cantsleep #nervous #cantsleep #nervous
They won’t. They’re just going to ignore it because fortnite makes them money.
There’s no full reopening — just precise control under the 20 measures, dividing only high and low-risk zones, no full lockdown areas.
Truly an Alpha.
yeah dude I love my 9(???) with the welded bump stock
But if [NAME] wins... well, things might change.
Aim assists + people in console are used to this type of guns cuz like u said [NAME] or any popular shooter in console
You can really say “three years of protection”? The healthcare system’s lack of capacity—whose fault is that?
Time to #impeachtrump . He is #crazy #mentally #sick and spews #hatred . #America is in trouble with him having #access to #nuclearcodes 👎👎 #impeachtrump #crazy #mentally #sick #hatred #america #access #nuclearcodes
No, we should increase border security because we have an absurd number of people crossing illegally.
Upon reading I find this to be fake news and I'm disgusted to learn she writes for the age
I would love to jam with you guys but I would need to buy an instrument here :(
so true lmao
The dude was absent in the Ohio State game... IDK I would be very worried if he was the pick.
I wish. It's been over 72 hours for me now, nothing. Less than .5 ETH, BCH and BSV - hasn't moved.
So sounds like she was raped, and she seriously needs to press charges, this bartender needs to be raped in prison big time.
Watching LEC is such a snooze fest... the casters are awful, the interviewer has awful flow, the players have no personality...
Hhhhhh I really want those
The guy who tied a shotgun to a balloon so the gun would float away and it would just look like a homicide comes to mind
Thank you. I hope we can both/all stay true to ourselves and not to become cynical about others due to our experiences.
What if gets in your belly button? And doesn't it trickle down the side?
I was listening to look alive by [NAME] and [NAME] and it was perfect timing with this video and the song😂😂
Don't be afraid to put yourself out
Ya did good, kid.
I love you. I think that helps me a lot.
Also thank you for the link.
> If it was a nationalist reaction to globalism, it was English nationalism, not British. This was and is discussed way too little.
Stadium remains the best dlc map of all time
I’m shocked that no one got whooshed by this comment
i still remember by my first dodger game in 2001
All I know is everyone is Tuscaloosa considers this season an abysmal failure.
OOOOOOOOH MY GOD UUUUGGGGHHHHHHHHH #rage #rage
Thank [NAME] for spoilers because if I didn't know any better I would be having a crisis over this Trinity performance for the next week.
I kinda like that AC1 is still untouched. At least for now.
Positive thoughts on these gloom cloudy days
It’s all the anger, it ages her terribly
The dog barked more, whimpered and whined.
With the up and coming hit single "I have a new Daddy every week".
Lucky he didn't jackknife.
Thanks this was a cool article. The Shedd means a lot to me as it was where I went the first time I met the love of my life
thank you, i dont get whats so hard to come to such an easy solution honestly
Yeah lets celebrate that only one guy (well maybe put dirk and [NAME] up with him) has come to play.
Is there a perfume that smells like the smell of smokey incense because i would be all about that
That looks absolutely awful. On the good side, whoever made it, can only get better.
Hey, I share a birthday with a legend!
And the commentator in Australia said that we have been poor defending corners this year 🤔😂.
But you might not be special for them. You can't make someone love you.
i hate furries
Something Something Something, space of aids
It's crazy that I just saw like seven clashing patterns and immidiately thought "oh yes, eastern Europe". Why is that?
I have to but I’m about to start looking for like career type jobs and if I can’t drive I’m stuck.
These were the naughty children! HO HO HO!
Um....Yes? I would love it if everyone didn't believe in [NAME].
too bad nothing came off it
That is so absolutely accurate I couldn’t say it better myself.
It creates perverse incentives. Allow underpaid prison labour and suddenly you've an incentive towards exploiting your prison population rather than rehabilitating them.
Worst in the country by far.
@glacierqxeen \n\n'Whoo, welcome~!' He greeted cheerfully.
So the price goes up until it's worth it for UK people who want to "work for a few months and make some money"
Follow the Colts strategy this year. Stack your O Line and protect the most important and best player on your team.
He can have his opinion, but he doesn't have to state when *no one* asked.
this is stunning footage of [NAME] dressed as a sheep.... and now after beto parody twiiter account was banned... it was allowed back
Man’s a dreamboat. An absolute moisture factory.
LOVE JAMES TOO
Before the south wind rose, I met you; when it blew, my longing became an illness.
Awesome! I'd love to see some if you ever post pics :)
It's amazing that things like this still exist, considering how much English-language education there is.
Talked with a lady online and we decided to meet.
Kinda freaky, but it never struck me deep.
Thanks... Some days are harder than others
As he approached the edge of it he took to prep hops.
Israel is only demonized because they DEFEND themselves from their neighbors who OPENLY admit they are dedicated to the destruction of Israel and the [RELIGION] people.
haha thats an option
Good. We don't want more thrash liberal offspring in this world.
Generally you are still a “teacher” but I’m not sure 100%. I know my instructional coach role is still “teacher” contract/pay.
yeah I don't get the hate for [NAME] regardless of the hustle thing, there were stretches where he was for real carrying the team hardcore.
Borderline Personality Disorder. It can be hard for me to form lasting relationships, although I’ve been doing pretty well over the last few years.
@DevilsAdvcate @ManUtd absolutely boring.M a big Manchester United fan,  nd its really disappointing to see them play in ths dull boring way
My ex would have believed that kinda stuff too. Some people aren’t really into movies
“stay still” the best and most timely advice you’ll ever get.
[NAME] engagement photo shoot This is the best she has ever looked in my opinion. HAWT!
@lynnew69 then he said talking about wills uncontrollable animals when moving to another link. These comments do not help! #fuming #fuming
I played a lot of WW2 ranked and had a tone of close games. And the point of ranked is for everyone to be around a 50/50 W/L
no i intentionally dont wear ABUs
Thank you. I found out I can return it since they made it heavier than I ordered.
Imagine being born in 1987 and not having been invited to a party since your friend's birthday party in 1999 though :(
Lmao I hope almost seems like it just vanished. If someone who likes xans finds my wallet they’re in for a good day
So [NAME] guided the process of canonization but then left?
This is maybe the lamest way you can say that.
I believe that show scared straight was actually a massive failure, it got viewers but concept of it never resulted in the kids actually being 'scared straight'.
Ouch! That hit hard
Your patience to find the perfect moment is... Please just let me slow clap.
people voted for a wall it's a democracy. you don't always get what you want
Ha! I can totally see him having these pictures on his dating profile. He’s so cheesy lol.
#Twitter these days is just a massive critical debate on those that people don't like #annoying #depressing and #dull 😑 #twitter #annoying #depressing #dull
Whatever mental condition he has is far worse than autism.
Great Photo. Really showcases what most outsiders expect when they come to Nashville for a show!
I love this man.
Yeah! Tonight it's time for the #weekend #mix @WildFM with @djkeanu and @RickWaltmann set your #alarm for 8pm #house #deephouse #ibiza #weekend #mix #alarm #house #deephouse #ibiza
At times I was actually having difficulty breathing because the water was in my nose.
According to what?
That's probably percisely what they did... They couldn't get into the server still. I'm sure they have specific rules about delaying and pausing.
How unfortunate. You seem to have missed the point of being American in spite of everything.
I like the way your brain works OP. Always did enjoy bugs bunny humour.
Great job, now let's get two points.
Dear Indians..It is hard to swallow this but for once try to swallow this bitter pill...that is.. Pakistan is number one in Test cricket!!!
at first I thought this was a JWong diss thread lol
[NAME]? I'd be surprised if he plays.
#[NAME] camp is dying, price must be dropping now that NYY are out
He’s a professional liar making promises to get elected when all he concerned with is a power gain.
looks cool, i want it now.
Damn you [NAME]!
She is my friend
Thank you. As a father I found this hysterical. I'm legit laugh-crying rn
It saddens me that [NAME] legacy has become "Posterboy for edgy manchilds"
I am in distance relationship so this probably me and my boyfriend for this valentine. This suppose to be our first valentine.
If everyone else can figure this out, then I don't see why it's so implausible for the US.
My buddy drives said car and used to drive for Uber. Now in Seattle and on the eastside people still think he’s their uber rofl
This thread will be interesting.. *grabs popcorn
@JasonBHampton it's Bowers. I went and drove it for a while this evening
"Look, let's just be civil about this. At least no one was hurt. I think"
@BokuNoGio AND his momma was worse than Tony sopranos momma #wow #sad #history #major #wow #sad #history #major
My [NAME] is pretty cool too
@ChickOfBeauty No!  By Y'all I mean rioting, fire starting, business burning, looting ASSHOLES!  That create  #BlackLivesmatter #terrorism #blacklivesmatter #terrorism
That's the spirit!
I wish they let him do the quatrains once a week during the NFL season.
He will, I feel like it's Christmas Eve and I'm waiting for [NAME].
No worries! Sometimes wires get crossed, I missed the mark as well.
I like being bad. It makes me happy.
I'm sorry but this sounds very much purposeful. How exactly is headbutting someone an accident?
A surprise to no one. Absolute stud.
I couldn’t agree more! I think deep down all I wish for is some weird validation from women
Sorry I now see how that was unclear, I mean being a unicorn on the internet by admitting you may have been wrong
The moment of the day when you have to start to plaster a smile in your face. #depression #depression
[NAME] wore shoes and killed millions. For [NAME] like me, people who wear shoes have become a symbol of hatred and murder.
Pretty sure she bleached her eyebrows on purpose
Amazing. And heartbreaking. I'm learning so much from little bits like that.
But she had to accept it for it to show publicly.
The hardest part is trying to figure out what anyone is talking about with all these F degrees.
The voice echoed in my ears again.
When's it all finished, you will discover that it was never random! #thoughts  #CrossoverLife #thoughts #crossoverlife
It could also be that coupledom is the wrong way to live for OP.
Thanks for the information!
Burn themall!!!!
makes no sense, troll harder
He has been given all the time/freedom in the world - he just doesn't deliver.
This is too cute :)
Enjoy your karma
Oh certainly this winter has been mild. It just started taking a dump on us the last week or so
The internet never ceases to surprise
Last couple countries that tried that got destroyed by international communists.
It's very common. Same with punching and it not hurting someone in your dreams. Practice more.
I love your writing style!
Via Napoli in Epcot is amazing, but no garlic bread (the pizza is great though).
See, I missed it completey, so they must have glossed over it fast.
I've done that in the past. It means he's stupid drunk and is missing you at the moment.
My wife has some crazy friends and I ducking love hearing their “slutty” stories. The things they make these thirsty guys do is unreal.
Reminds me to the movie [NAME]. "I saw it in a movie, it will work!"
Was against Cal but yeah [NAME] had a cannon of a leg but was very inaccurate Also had terrible hair
Went to bed a 1:30, fell asleep after, my niece started crying at 4. I'm dying... 😧
Ya I thought that was odd too. I would’ve guessed [NAME] before doing this.
When you didn't get a chance to play yesterday and only have 5 minutes before the tier skip ends
Shows you that one must never underestimate the rust caused by ACL injuries
> If this article was/is false then the poster should be banned for life Congratulations. You just fundamentally changed how internet works.
My gf is a huge TSwift fan and loves Friends. R u tryna steal my girl pal
[NAME] focus on local politics since it's the easiest to hide your cheating and corruption down there.
Wow. That was deep. I hope you make out well move on and find true love. Be strong
Looks like we found his natural position.
I know I've heard this phrase before but it's driving me crazy not remembering what it's from Please save me from my torment
This is because of people like Saleem Sheikh humanity wins over terrorism n hatred #AmarnathYatraAttacked #amarnathyatraattacked
His performance this weekend reminded me of when [NAME] came into the LCS, he would solo kill every single lane
“To put us all know who [NAME] laughed through it all.
Thank [NAME] for your mother and her googling skills! Now if you have kids you know who allowed and welcome to be around them and who not.
You / he must be doing an excellent job, then. I've never encountered one.
Ok I tried to search the sub... is it too late to get a flair? It won’t work for me
Tbh may have more luck on r/funny
This makes me so sad :’( Well done OP!
[NAME] is fascist? Everything that isn't leftism isn't inherently fascist.
And you as well! #sparkling @cherebork @MelissaJoyRD @SarahKoszykRD @eat4performance @rustnutrition @jenhaugen #sparkling
At least the ice didnt break
/r/ATAAE from my POV.
So You're going to become India... Because immigrants... Dude... If you got nothing just say so.
this is a relatable summer bop! it gives me some eurovision vibes. in this house we stan [NAME].
I’d gladly
It is honestly just garbage, I'm surprised they're allowed to be ads
Those in a position of authority at a school have to report abuse
I sure hope this dog is reunited with its family. It is one of the cutest dogs I’ve seen, a very unique looking pup!
I actually enjoy watching this while eating
there was some LPT about it, but i don't use those so i don't remember here it is :
I’ve left my friends back at home. I know no one in this state.
A good therapist can lead you to talking about what you need to talk about once they get to know you and your emotions and trends
Try to be rational instead of angry.
Oh, it's that time for you. Sending hugs.
Should've stayed at school cause ain't nobody here
It’s gonna be a large group interview in a shady office. Ghost em.
Yes, when I need to get my jush, it’s freaking epic.
Your nan and dad are both trash. I am so glad you were able to pull yourself up and rise above. 💕
Just #terrible from the cats there. Wow. #AFLCatsSwans #terrible #aflcatsswans
Best FHE lesson idea ever.
And perfectly perfect.
Dro is so damn fine. #insecure #insecure
Let's go [NAME]
The Keystone Pipeline brings in oil from Canada. As long as Canada keeps fucking over the [NAME] they'll be on good terms with the US.
That happens to me even when I’m not stoned‍♂️
The people who announce this early only mean to shape the conversation. We can measure his influence in dollars until a smaller subset of nominees take the lead.
I hope marvel brings [NAME] on for star lords new love interest
Oops, almost forgot the ammo *puts on second glove over first one* Let's see here... Where are the smoke canisters?
Weird flex but okay 💪
Yard goats was awesome. Almost a major league feel to it when it’s a packed day
Ireland because Ireland. Not me but i did something pretty scary.
Nah let's not be those people.
My jaw dropped as I squealed with delight.
This is the best quote I have ever read on reddit.
A surprise, but a welcome one
The conductor’s so obsequious — if it were a Chinese not wearing a mask, they’d be dragged off. Pathetic.
I love the name!
just looked at her instagram and in a video from 3 days ago she does look pretty skinny. skinnier than me and I'm bmi 18.9.
Coinbase LOL people think place is the answer. I think it’s Cancer.
Now I know where to do stag party for my friend, finally.
Fearless in every “battle” 🦁 He’s growing strong and proud!
This South Florida girl loves Jaxons Ice Cream. Seeing the kitchen sink makes me want to drive home.
The real joke is your grades dude
Sorry for hopping on this. But anyone know of any bars in Hamburg to watch the match
Shoutout to my fellow retail workers stuck working on third shift during New Years
I suppose I failed to lay the sarcasm on thick enough, should have gone with the full billion dollar contract... Oh well, live and learn! lol
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @hannah..mccloud  #musically #musically
Yes but what other sources are there?
That’s impressive. I haven’t picked up a book in over a year.
I love it! Mazel Tov you crazy kids!
I was never a [NAME] guy, though he was CERTAINLY my 2nd choice. But I deeply love and empathize with this...
@yoursecretsub1 Trust me dear, if you want to make anything invisible, hang a wet paint on it, and hilarity will ensue.
lol that was just bad, [NAME]
When you saw a t-shirt with the phrase 'My mind is a dangerous place to be' and you would like to buy, but in Italy don't sell it. #sadness #sadness
*Thank you, Brother* But really tho where is the petition 😂
Anything on Netflix really
What’s funny is these objectively corrupt sacks of shit were bitching about made up Liberal “corruption”.
@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls New campaign slogan idea...'I know you are but what am I?' #bully #Trump2016 #yourefired #deflect #bully #trump2016 #yourefired #deflect
DayZ chemlights actually last for 3 IRL hours already, which is plenty of time to find new ones.
Fuck man I didn’t plan on crying in my cube today
> my cat needs new braces, Thank you. This made me laugh.
Good to know my paranoia has paid off haha, and same, sooo many snacks.
Trains were literally travelling the wrong direction that day
You’re a badass for recognizing this!! Props to you!
I legit saw 3 people with that kind of hood on today
I've never even been to these places much less actually done this but i feel personally attacked
.@Harry_Styles I hope you never go a day without something to make you smile. You deserve all good things. Please follow me?\n❤️💛💚💙💜\n311,553
I accept your failure and wish you a good day.
One more step in long work #visa process is over. Relief. Onto next step. #expat  #visa #expat
The only thing I remember about that guy was the super racist remarks he made about [NAME].
Holy shit they fornicate like rabbits!!
Lol Yes Most people arent 100% either (especially women). For a variety of reasons...finding beauty in other people, curiosity, jealousy, etc...
>I just wanna let you know your beautiful I don't appreciate being lied to!
How would that fix the problem in this case?
I can't wait till they invent that pill either, and for you to start taking it, for the sake of the rest of us. Fuck.
The child rescued at 9 in the Wenchuan quake is now a 23-year-old firefighter hero — the light that saved him now shines through him to others.
Was waiting for a mirror to get clipped. Give this person the gold medal already!
She looks like a petite adult to me, her face is obviously adult
He knows she's winning the PR war, so he's lashing out like the angry toddler he is.
She just needs to kiss [NAME]
PS4 with pure vanilla setting, after a little practice counter GB and feint is the easiest thing to do
What’s all this [NAME] business? Edit: Thanks for the info below everyone 😇
Hear hear :(
Thanks man! That feels good to hear. I’m glad someone is on my side and finally understanding how I feel about this season.😄👍
That was jarring indeed. But why he wearing a mask?!?!?!
Every morning!
I'm great. I am having pho for lunch.
EEEW as a strong manly man why would want any of that ^(^just ^push ^it ^down, ^push ^it ^down)
What? They all look entirely different. Yes, they are all handsome, masculine men, but that's it.
Call the security company next time. Not the police
What are you listening to?
[NAME], [get_user_id] is a moron.
Fun movie, good choices of songs, and excellent visuals
“I don’t care if you are 11 or 12 years old.” Lol what?
Everything reminds me of you — the moon, the stars, that gentle clear light — all evoke you.
I told you you’re right it’s silly anyone would care about foreign intelligence attempting to influence elections. What a silly joke.
James Clapper 'scary and disturbing'.  #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump  #terrified #nuclearcodes  #Godhelpus #25thamendmentnow #impeachtrump #terrified #nuclearcodes #godhelpus
I'm kinda afraid to ask but did anyone reply?
...soooooo yes?
Lies, damn lies and statistics.
Needs a great winger to play off of. Without [NAME] he has struggled to be creative on the wing
Teacher: Huh, I never though he'd really do that.
You don't follow [NAME]. You're a hypocrite following man's interpretation of the word of [NAME]. Youre too stupid to even be embarrassed.
Oh heck oh frick
No, it depends on if they painted it, or wrapped some tape on it for a handle.
the whole time, relentless joy, as though a smile was consistently on my face, and even when it wasn't, it still lay beneath the surface, a laugh always ready to come out.
[NAME] loves you. If you are a [NAME] then he forgives you. I like this by [NAME]
@leepg \n\nLike a rabid dog I pulled out the backs of my cupboards looking for a bakewell..Found a french fancie &amp; a mini batternburg #Winner! #winner
Misery loves company. The church ought to be a place where it finds none.\n-Pastor Kris Theobald #joy #rejoice #joy #rejoice
Yikes. Be careful out there.
[NAME] was struggling against the taller Sixer's guards, got swatted on a lot of drives too even with [NAME] out with injury.
Funny how it do
@philjame5 @spoke_bros wow! that looks bright
He's been great since his first snap as a [NAME]
Did u laugh today? Laugh hard? I hope so..we NEED laughter now. #smile #love #smile #love
Who was the molester in the family cause the way you worded it confused me
Thank you, I hope you do too. You can always message me if you need to talk.
Same. I was not rooting for the Pats. I WAS rooting against the chiefs. The AFC West is ours and ours alone :)
I have never been so embarrassed.
I would suffer a heat stroke or die of diarrhea
Woke is realizing the world doesnt revolve around you at its most basic level. Thats dumb?
my heart melted omg [NAME]
I like [NAME] but he's biased. If he's planning to becoming a real journalist he needs to leave his bias at home.
Not sure why it matters but i imagine shes as old as all the other v3 ultimates, so around 16-17
Not under [NAME]. Under [NAME] desperate greedy extreme partisan coward politics. They purposely brought racism front and center.
I was a huge fan of the script ones but the new greens this season look pretty fresh on ice, too. I like bringing the red back in
Also, [NAME] growl/yelling/screaming at [NAME] in the sumo suit on beach day.
Thats so cool man. Have you tried dmt
I would hate to see another [NAME] situation where [NAME] gets hurt again because he wasn't fully recovered.
I feel like [NAME] had the right idea losing the will to live. Now if only I could learn this power...
It's ridiculous people blind fellow faith here in algeria
His wife wears a burka too, lest her comely appearance detracts him from godly thoughts.
@Gennneral thanks gen!! Love you miss you happy birthday natong duha 💘💘
That sounds like a good system.
Hey it's [NAME]!
I think you both lose because they're at .500. I hope you both enjoy your Leafs pint glasses! Edit: thanks for Reddit Silver mysterious stranger!
No pick and roll, this is a nightmare without [NAME] and with [NAME]
Hi, [NAME]! I just wanted to stop by and wish you peace and happiness! -HappyFriendlyBot
So I play competitive with a group of people and being the one widow is most likely fake or just wild speculation.
Lol I didn’t mind group projects much, I only did when I didn’t have friends in the class.
Don’t do a long distance thing, not worth it and a waste of time
Better than that dumb pink look.
Maybe it should become a rule. Or a rule someone can't post his own website constantly. ;)
Can I see it?
During the day @JeffProbst is jovial. At #TribalCouncil he's a different,  darker fellow.  Still simply but smiles are few. #Survivor #tribalcouncil #survivor
This is great. Thanks for sharing OP :)
@apinknumjoo Hello, namjoo unnie! Welcome to paradox.💕 i'm deeply sorry for the late greeting 😥 Chaey is wishing you to have a pleasant +
Oof... I mean I definitely welcome a dramatic population decrease but I wish we could've done it in a more intentional manner *before* irreparably damaging the environment
Yeah but don’t you have to get in the water to save lives?
Local Area Man Finally Finds Area Woman Willing To Let Him Sniff Her Hair
[NAME], you are such a pretty girl.
The Blackweb screen protectors have saved my phone more times than I can count.
cool cool...
Well that made me want to continue to live in Alberta.
Oh good I’m not the only one. Hello my people.
They’re proud about having liberals make themselves look stupid with covfefe memes.
Hopefully he gets what he is looking for. Not sure why some people are getting pissy over this. "How dare he look out for himself, REEEEEE!"
Nice pen.
To bad for you.
It is crazy to me that there are even people in this sub that think [NAME] isn't worth his contract.
Loved dropping in from the crack in the ceiling and going out in a blaze of glory.
That's not what he meant. He means the use of a lot of different hashtags.
SWTOR is horrible when you want to play together with someone. So many parts that you can't join in on.
I am so so happy for you. <3
“Consistent effort, a life without slack. Small daily gains shape final outcomes — that’s the answer.” — Basic Law of Genius
This joke is disgusting and offensive. Dictionaries don't contain proper nouns!
So this is how democracy dies... With thunderous upvotes.
Because [NAME] doesn't have time to monitor what is going on in a couples bedroom.
So his aunt? I think I followed that.
This just made me feel so much better about myself :)
So #glad all four of our #top picks got through on #AGT #glad #top #agt
@JoyAnnReid you're right choice I had to slam him he is one ignorant man and I really resent that statement Don King is an embarrassment
Lol, I don't know the game that well
Because different characters have different advantages. Why do questions like this still get asked?
Try not to mix too much. It will get overwhelming and you'll just end up with bad trips.
Most important win of the season. Awesome
Enjoy friend.
Yeah, this has been posted here before, but it's a great video. I have it saved to a YT playlist for repeated viewings and lols
Coworker: 'That happened to a friend of mine once, but with guns instead of babies.' #workplace  #workplace
Fucking freaked me out...never found out where the hell that coat fell from
This is actually really good! Thanks for posting this man!
Eat the apple butthole first. It's the best way to eat the apple.
[NAME] forced [NAME] to give it up, leading to a steal, and then gets a steal himself on the next play. Love his tenacity.
I believe you. Have you compared them to any other designs of headphones in the same price range though?
Yes I will no longer post updates thank you.
>Eat more salad Might I also suggest some vegetables too. You'll feel infinitely better
Here come the angry [NAME] stans 🤪🌹
people who get the weird pics: * aoc * [NAME] * [NAME] people who get normal pics: * everyone else who takes the corporate money and plays their game
I'm not worthy to watch this haha
My roommate turns the sink off with her foot to avoid germs and a guy says 'YOUR roommate is feet girl?! I'm so sorry' plz help #nightmare #nightmare
Well the non mainstream media isn't saying he's doing a good job either, just that his opponent who should be in jail.
Is this supposed to be compelling? Either defend the argument I'm putting into question, or explain why my issue with it doesn't hold.
Your kind honestly need to fuck off out of Ireland. Nobody wants your dumb fucking antisemitism here
Comfy girl = best girl
Wow they are on the cusp here. Definitely not fellowkids because I would totally believe an actual fellow kid said this
>Ruthless Lol, only in these people's minds, she's fine.
Such hollow talk. Of course high-risk people can’t go home—who takes responsibility if something happens?
Doesn't answer the question about who is going to pick the low hanging fruit though!
@BBHOH #terrible Paul so deserved that win!!! #movie #ChildrenOfMen.\n\n#cages  #refugees #terrible #movie #childrenofmen #refugees
Don't wanna go to work but I want the money
No offense are you guys actually dating? Are you paying for every thing. Have u guys had sex?
Well.... it’s even more weird to drink the milk of other species..so...
The weather changed from sunny and bright to gloomy just in time to match my afternoon mood. 😒
i know! its like, im fine if you eat rabbit meat. just dont brag about it to someone who has a pet rabbit.
Because they think the govt should provide all the jobs, they're crazy.
When did we get rid of uprights? He was amazing for us?
This is infuriating but what’s also infuriating is missing all of our chances and players being constantly in offsides positions
you really think the walls gonna cost 5 billion?
This series is so unapologetic in its outlandishness that I just can’t help but love it.
I’m worried about [NAME] too
If you want to start a family, you can't just pass up 20k no matter how nice your current school is.
I’ll raise you this: Would you rather have Zion number one and the Mavs pick not convey, or have 5 and 8
[NAME] freaking [NAME] all the people down range just staring. -_- GO INSIDE DUMBASSES.
JV girls earn the W vs Stonington 2-1 today. Goals by K Waite and S Winakor. @DeluciaAlexis 1 assist. @mhseccathletics #relentless #relentless
You sound like you’re the one that needs a safe space (and a Depends change)
Oh like "both of." Gotcha. Good times
50% completion percentage and was losing 31-10 at the half. Congrats, he got garbage time yards/points when [NAME] was just icing the game.
Completely blown away by @EvaNoblezada @alistairbrammer @JonJonBriones and the cast of @MissSaigonUK tonight. #fathomevents #speechless  #fathomevents #speechless
honestly i don’t think logan paul meant anything except to sound woke so he could get attention
They will. The White House gave credit yeste day to Russia and Syria and saod they will finish the fight against ISIL.
Understandable. Retail sucks and people are nut
Subpoena is still one of the weirdest words I’ve ever seen
That's terrible. I'm sorry for your loss.
We haven't seen him play since last split. I don't know what growth he could possibly be talking about...
Girlfriend is straight off of Shop Hush social app and onto reddit. Someone tell her, its slightly embarrassing.
Me and my babyboys safety word is Obama. But I like yours too.
In that case you're very welcome to call your representative and tell them to agree to a bill which would reopen the government. Or tweet the president.
Sonic boom is funny as hell. I love the writing so much.
$15 a month for a music service is more than Netflix. Thank u, next!
Imagine that rattle.. all the way back to Michigan. Enough to drive you mad
He sounds like a real piece of work. Get him gone and live your life free of his physical and mental burden.
How the fuck do you moan tho
[NAME] is fucking destroying Bama and I LOVE IT
Nah, girl, you did great. I'm also shocked by guys who want to hook up without a condom.
Putting them away feels so good it’s worth the frustration. Snipers dropped my career KD by like .15 >__<
Before telling you anything....what exactly do you want out of this?
It really didn't. You were the one who came out hurling insults around. Are you projecting? 😂😂😂
As far as I'm concerned, [NAME] run for the WH ended with this twisted ankle.
@ycfcnick the city is famous for the shambles, sadly the old street in the centre plays second fiddle to the stadium debacle nowadays!
We can hope
Works great until you sit down and burst the banana open.
That is profoundly messed up.
Blooming Villain with Willpower a close second. Heavily emotionally charged songs used at very dangerous events that suit the theme perfectly.
No thanks, no consecutive workdays. After 2 days of work and realizing the 3rd is still Monday — that’s despair.
Yes but did you see how bad his reaction was, he was about to crash with her and make it worst, just back up 💨
Obama admin rejects Texas plan to have refugees vetted for terrorism so Texas pulls of of fed refugee resettlement program. Aiding .
Fuck knows. They’ve stated both on seperate occasions. The media is all over them.
I’ll never do long distance again. Good luck broski.
It was great but above everything else... It makes me happy to see [NAME] at the top. Werk.
I hardly think guys who never even reviewed Moonlight “would rather do arthouse or indie stuff.” They love obscure genre movies, not indie/arthouse.
I stopped moving, bent down with my palm out, and let the squirrel jump up on my arm and onto my shoulder.
Nice try russia
@_JuliaSteiner : YES ! Right ? I mean I wish you hadn't been discouraged to see #MikeandMolly because so many parallels really - #mikeandmolly
can't help but notice his team also gave up 66 points against ... Baker Mayfield
If you love the mountains, you should really check it out. The valley can get pretty smoggish in the winter, but usually it's beautiful.
It is funny and sad, when faced with the option to laugh or cry I choose laugh
I’m from Henan too, trying to return home from Zhengzhou—not even in a high-risk area—yet they said I must isolate 7+14 days. It’s infuriating.
I would be impressed if [NAME] ate 15% of his weight every day I wish I lived in a state where the contest was valid. Stupid NY
even the safe queen (pearl) was amazing. i would have had pearl and ginger double win
Not the point, and also I'm sure this means raider can dodge gb it.
Can't believe how nervous I feel tonight...who feels the same #mufc #mufc
[NAME]’ column the other day had an interesting line, “zealotry is often people working out their psychological wounds.”
whyyyyy !!!! ughhh
Yeah, but malice with the *intent* to solely intimidate OP? Doubtful. More like malice with the unlucky byproduct of discovery by OP.
Maybe this isn’t too bad after all
I still wish if we get a deeper face customization like in RPGs.
Give the mouse a chance!.leave the cat to it.
Michelle, who did NOTHING is hating on Nicole's game hahaha.... #bitter #bb18 #bitter #bb18
I've seen Orange Marmalade in the No Brand store.
interesting that we,an Authentic Afghan Restaurant,R getting calls from the media over resent tragedy that happened in NJ@latimes @NBCNews
Honestly this type of support sounds very shallow. It’s not like you’re gonna support women in any way when their babies are born.
Oh, so that's where I left my cigar
Hopefully next weekend it's time to be rugby gods ;)
He's a fantastic Rav. Really enjoy all his articles. Not afraid to think outside the box.
It never freaked me out, because it happened enough as i was small and I got used to it.
We have a lovely new bridge in Edmonton that you can jump off if you don't like it :)
We both will be having a read at these links, thank you!
damn that kid can jump
i accidentally liked one where my ex was underage....
If you guys want a super inhealthy, but delicious snack, @cheezit dipped in cream cheese is the way to go 👌🏼👌🏼 #delicious #preggocravings #delicious #preggocravings
It did! Planning on seeing him again soon 😊
How to delete spam: Learn how to punish sigs you fucking idiot
Thanks for the compliment
Looks like the map didn't render for him
This. This is too realistic man. Too late for this too.
Its more of a suggestion its not in forced at all i doubt a lot of people even see the quiet carriage sign
You are an asshole.
Don’t get why people buy houses in county towns — building in the countryside or buying in a provincial capital makes more sense.
At 3000 comments deep no one will read it but I genuinely believe it's the creepiest one here.
No that's your interpretation of the truth. A whore is an old and demeaning term for a professional sex worker. You just get off on being degrading to women.
Uhhhhh...it ain't cheaper than upstate especially the Syracuse, Rochester, and Buffalo area. It's much more expensive.
the Browns called. They would be happy to help you end your career
1. Local staff still lack confidence when handling foreigners. 2. Railway authorities should act—blacklist that family from future travel.
Devastating and true.
that's nice :)
I stand corrected. I totally forgot the knee and shoulder injuries earlier in the season.
2 applications for my dbs and still waiting. Been over a year now. Going to loose my job 👍🏿 @GOVUK  #thanks #unhappy #crb #thanks #unhappy #crb
What a block by [NAME]
poor mod :( i guess people arent allowed to leave this sub if they are vegan
War is quite different than state sponsored democide.
No.. that's the exact opposite of what they are.
@VivYau is it all doom and gloom? I only want to hear lovely things about airbnb!
The ghost of Stefano reflects on the grim indignity of being murdered by corrupt cops in faux love. #days #days
I would think they probably couldn’t take it if you tried
on the bright side he’s a little too young to ruin a $1000 iphone in his pocket ( parents probably got him a refurbished 7 )
It's amazing the people here supporting the [RELIGION] church and the child molesters over duterte... I wonder why.
No Despacito Remix. No 4K Ultra. No Goals and Highlights. No 360 No-Scope Assists. Are you even excited man?
Just don’t feel bad. It’s their fault for taking it personally
> Crab Rave Ayyy I've never seen this before I kinda wanna go but seems scary.
I'm praying they get a spin-off. Keep this crap off my VPR.
Pure asshole.
If you're going out with a big group then this doesn't seem so bad. Everyone gets something to eat and it's fun.
Honestly, I really liked being 32. The 30s in general have been great. Happy birthday!
This is not me brown nosing but I've listened to lots of housing ministers but @GavinBarwellMP #nhf16 impressed me more than any  #nhf16
thank you for finding this @ @afcEnes coy
screw up phrasal verb of screw INFORMAL•NORTH [NAME] completely mismanage or mishandle a situation. "I'm sorry, [NAME], I screwed up" Is a murder mishandling a situation?
It really is a brilliant piece of nostalgia and terrible film making. I love everything about it.
I forgot that my mom needs to be eased into things just long enough to run my mouth off and cause an argument that was way too long.
No that's plenty, you've already proved the original comments point even further.
@macmacm43 jeezus God
Last I checked people weren't running around raping people wearing MAGA hats.
@BigBossPeltonen \nLikewise #death #cutting  #death #cutting
I’m so happy for you! Keep doing the damn thing! :):)
Yup, I must be overreacting too and it's not a big deal. It's amazing the justifications used for this nonsense.
Thanks for your comment. This makes sense with the time frames too.
Oi us cancers don’t want him either! We respectfully pass his birthday to April
[NAME], [NAME] mother. I loved her in the one episode. She had great chemistry with everyone she met.
Suddenly dreams of mine are coming true. #happy #happy
Ya like I said. Depends on my tup sitch
The stone inside my heart was removed; ).
I had really strange and awful dreams last night. I'd didn't even eat cheese before bed  #lovemysleep #lovemysleep
I have the Paraguard. It’s the Non-hormonal copper IUD and it’s good for 10 years once inserted
I thought it was funny lol. The whole situation was dumb and both sides were in the wrong.
It’s tinder no one cares if they get blocked cringe to you is funny to them
I bet you're not the only one. That space is kinda safe... go be slightly challenging. ;)
[NAME] likes a Pacific plan, too.
Op is likely young and clueless. There’s likely a reason they’re in retail.
Intentional fouling in basketball too thiugh
Thanks for the tip! We’ll try that
You're a monster!
What an actual nightmare
That might be the prettiest shot I've ever seen [NAME] make.
Good luck out there! I hope you find what you're looking for.
West Ham is the retirement home for players that used to be good/talented some years ago.
Ooh #hygge, candles, jasmine tea &amp; #GBBO #happy #hygge #gbbo #happy
>Ordinary Men by [NAME] Thanks for the recommendation. Got it ordered on kindle from Amazon.
I'm so happy for you !
Or perhaps we should look at the bigger problem: mental healthcare in the United States.
Why do you keep failing? Is there a particular part you can practice on, or just nerves?
I really hope that's true and really hope they grow some balls and ban it.
You don't immediately have to start talking about the issue, you can just talk about something else first to get to know the person.
Really bad trap if noone falls for it
Yikes on the sauce!!
I literally do not like this
@hotpatooties more like quickie divorce #awful #awful
#HRmanagement must discourage the expediency factor from encroaching on the rolling out of a credible #workplaceviolenceprevention policy. #hrmanagement #workplaceviolenceprevention
Fuking fuming 😤
Val reminds me of one of the cheerful witches that looks after Aurora in Disney’s Sleeping Beauty. #GBBO #gbbo
I'm gonna be the party pooper and say unless he's disabled, although I sincerely doubt this kid is
Action is the foundational key to all success ~Pablo Picasso #inspiring #quote #action #hustle #start #dosomething #success #inspiring #quote #action #hustle #start #dosomething #success
listening to the Oblivion score, drinking coffee, researching for new sci-fi animated project.
Media often loses me around the point where an incredibly depressed begins the long march to happiness cause I can't imagine myself doing that
somebody's sad lol lol
@glenberube @DonnaGrantis @idanielsenbass @HannahJWelton watching this again makes me weep tears of joy and tears of sadness that he's gone
Just walk ahead of everyone and be the leader
Did you just equate the tomahawk chant to lynching as a reply to being called out for virtue signaling?
N00b account tosses insults - how surprising.
Maybe [NAME] needs to have a Big Mac meal and relax.
that would’ve tasted a lot better
Ah yes, the standard midwestern transplant rite of passage. “THIS ISNT COLD LOL IM FROM WESHUBEKAUAN MINNESOTA AND YOU GUYS HAVE NO IDEA WHAT COLD IS”
Hahaha the first fall is the best ha
No point in trying to maintain your mental health if no one would and does not even care about you.
A rather regular occurrence happened at night upstairs.
The OP is definitely [NAME], and I'm not complaining. Love his work
I never played as a burglar, so I am not familiar with them XD But, I mean....humans as pets! lol
Aw look at her little coat
I've edited my comment. Still a shitty game.
I'm glad you're feeling better! Keep smiling :)
He had another fight with cancer. I believe he is ok now but chemo is very very nasty.
@Rosie #Strongwomen terrify #weakmen - don't let the #bully wear you down. Loving your consistency and truth in rough times Hang in there ❤️ #strongwomen #weakmen #bully
Lmao quality.
Explain how British farmers taking common aborigine land in Australia to be used as private property 'isn't rooted in colonialism'.
Short but sweet
Me to anyone:
Source each of these and trend lines from previous years please. No, listing a few agencies and telling people to Google 8t isn't a source.
I have chosen not to kill people that I was going to slaughter just because they said "Hey! How are you?"
supposed to be brain ache but I am too tired with all these losses i have
I am so relieved
No, but thanks for playing.
I DEMAND TO BE PUT ON A PEDASTAL AND TREATED LIKE A QUEEN IF NOT I WILL SEEK VALIDATION ELSEWHERE AND ALL THIS IS YOUR FAULT
Thought it was StuPOTity when I first heard it....
Well...to be fair then. :)
I find this super relateable, I had no idea others felt the same way.
Back to the Future for the win! We need to send [NAME] back again... his work isn't over.
Probably, but I wouldn't be surprised if news broke about US made phones doing the same shit
Yeah you’re right, I’m not fit for the position! Thank you for giving me the right words to say.
I agree. We could even change the colors to black and blue so we are not like soccer
Haha I know the guy in the middle of the picture. Small world
I guessed that but I’ve never seen a bun like that
i definitely remember the times i embarassed myself or regrettable actions i made from years ago
It makes being ugly even more pathetic. All that work just to create suffering.
Yep, you can go around crashing into things and run people over and completely get away with it.
The dryer sounds like a fire hazard to me.
this looks natty with ideal picture conditions
The angle makes it look like he's 15 feet tall, but otherwise, very good.
Hahaha yes, exactly!
I'm sure that's a really important issue to you that consumes your daily life...
Wow, that's incredible. I love the 4 quadrants idea! But the name of the business is so misleading...
Find yourself another pretty, nice girl that doesn’t have cheating tendencies. They exist
How could they forget the gravy?
I mean going on a dating show when you have a girlfriend though
Likewise, Reddit has just gotten strange recently, sorry for misinterpreting.
The NHL has the best All-Star events. the 3v3 tournament is so fun to watch.
> nearly always That sounds unconstitutional..
Honestly idk that she ruined a moment, she just changed it so it was a different moment between her and [NAME]
Exactly! Someone think of the billionaires! Sometimes I pretend I’m one and it’s really fun :)
@TimesNow indian army crossed loc into pok to bust terror camp on 20th Sept night?
Too bad it wasn’t a sword.
~~Comrade~~ [NAME] I'm appalled that you would accuse me of using performance enhancing drugs. Neigh! Neigh I say!
u/pronouncedbooty Thank you for the advice, but IDK how I feel anout those foreign substances entering my body
I have a long term plan. I appreciate the concern.
Battlefront 2 could be a horror game
I feel like I’ve had this exact same conversation with a customer at my old job.
Here's a thought, everything that wasn't redacted he didn't have time to pass on before he was caught.
We are very clumsy creatures. Eventually you just learn to laugh it off. *The crying comes later when no one is around*
I thought that was gonna be the Pelicans after [NAME] is gone(sorry Pelicans fans)
wanna high key low key high key slide into [NAME] DMs even though I'm literally distraught at him and [NAME] separating
yup, it sounds ridiculous
Lol what boyfriend
The paratrooper theme fits very well with his jump! Keep up the good work.
*Most of us are happy to help.
Yeah it seems more like a joke than someone Bible thumping
> so much misinformation > No hazing or violence tolerated whatsoever Lmao wut
“Attack on masculinity” I’m dying over here you fragile motherfucker.
Let me ask one thing — what happens if you test positive? Will the community be sealed? If you don’t wear a mask, where can you even go?
I second that motion...with A VENGEANCE!!
> i dont want people to have bad lifes. Exactly, but apparently many people not only admit this but gloat about it.
fuck I meant to put a never in there. I'm glad you picked me up on this before I got put on a subreddit.
Nothing against bartenders at all. Dumbass people like [NAME], I make fun of because I can.
Yeah they are! I didn't realize that, it must be the case. Thanks!
I can see that! Let's say that I'm less enthused by that idea now than I was after Mania last year...
Id give my left nut for another [NAME]. ...and im a berkeley liberal. THATS how crazy the party has gotten.
7-1 ISNT A RIVALRY. [NAME] WIN A FEW MORE AND THEN WE CAN BE FRENEMIES
Idk that looks like adobe gains to me..
59 days until opening day!!!!!
Ah geez what a disaster if she tries this!
I borrowed an old wedding dress from a museum. It was a one size fits all kind of dress. Thank goodness!
Honestly I thought it just meant any game where you couldn't choose Casual mode... which is everything pre-Awakening.
Yeah he is crazy early game, but as soon as you get a few items on an ap character, you just kill him before he combos lol
i cant believe they went after lady [NAME] who has been compared to [NAME]
He said great investment definitely not lost is this sub going to get back on track. Just because a post is bad doesn't mean they're lost.
How do you help someone with #depression who doesn't believe they have it and doesn't trust therapists? #depression
Actually I think they were saying on ETR that you have to use it or you lose it for expansion teams
I think I'm kinda the same way like I change up so much everything I say feels like a lie... See just did it again. Fuck.
Lets start there
So much talk but no key point—can the 4th dose prevent XBB.1.5 or not?
Please point out my fallacious line of reasoning instead of insulting my intelligence. You are an example of a bigot that thinks he is wiser than everyone else.
You serious?
I want to be a woman who #overcomes obstacles by tackling them in #faith instead of tiptoeing around them in #fear. Renee Swope #overcomes #faith #fear
lol this is good.
Refusing to pay someone for work that they've done is theft. You can try to justify it any way you want but that's what it is.
I miss [NAME] butt.
heck
I appreciate it my guy! I try my best to really do research behind my opinions so I appreciate the call out.
I do prefer achievements to trophies though, but the platinum is the only thing I envy PS users.
The world is a big place, there’s always someone.
This post is bad because the only good phone is the Palm Pre 3 running webOS
Omg i probably need to get mint to drop some truth bombs
I do but no one wants to play with me I at least try to play by my self but it gets really boring.
I actually really like it the way it is now! The pink sky with only a few clouds is different and very cool.
#I HATE BOTH EQUALLY #i
Its literally bread on a bread board, whats the issue here?
They're living their fantasy.
@againstallaudss @groovydadad @Thelostchild5 @MHChat indeed &amp; is sadness unavoidable? #MHChat #mhchat
Box rental? What year are you living in?
I'm watching it for the first time now. He's perfect for the role lol [NAME] is a god to me now
Just hearing that thing's carapace sliding around and it's feet hitting the ground would make me vomit.
Sick of that stupid floss dance
Will forever be burned into my brain! Will never forget the feeling just please not 2 cycles in a row 🙏🏻
Something #awestruck me today as i was laughing to a non subtitle korean variety show... #awestruck
As an Aaron Jones owner, I did hate [NAME]. Lol but I’d still like the hire and just pray he becomes more innovative.
I haven't watched the original FMA, but you're definitely in for a fun ride with Brotherhood. Hope you enjoy it!
been there dont remember where exactly it is but so much fun
You are a great grandmother.
I know it’s crazy, but I think it would work and they would probably understand
leave bro- this is the exact type of behavior mine displayed.
Exit scam. Check out their cold wallets, holy shit.
So sorry 😐
I bring great shame on my family with my poops. If only I had the will of dear god emperor [NAME] to halt my poops indefinitely like is able.
And this is actually one of the nicer flats you can get in Boness too!
i freaking love five below! Wait no nevermind
When she gives you the 10 minute hangry warning
1 month feels like 200 years? School must suck
This immediately scared me because usually my nerves are a wreck before a race.
Jiamusi City, Heilongjiang, enforces blanket policies. Anyone returning from outside the province, even from low-risk areas, faces restrictions and cannot leave the city. The rule wasn’t announced beforehand — you’re only told when trying to travel, then forcibly taken away. Regardless of test results or travel history, you might be detained and miss your train.
Oh, he was so wronged in ME3.
i feel furious
imagine his wife dumping him after that, it would be a BIG L
&amp; I'll actually shoot somebody if I have to not just draw down or expose it to somebody to scare them 😮#Charles #charles
Oh damn, look at that areshole telling the truth. Get him.
@jack_haug_lifty @eable It's Ms btw. we were lied to by Remain. dry your remainer tears; Just accept you #lost #lost
Sorry, but you probably do given the AVers do have a limited literary skills at the best of times.
I'm new here from the U.S. This convo cleared it up for me, so thanks.
My bad, sorry. I kicked a pebble on top of that mountain.
Lost finger how?
The people that call in to POV on KX4 make my night. #hilarious #hilarious
Omg someone gave me SILVER?! Idk what this even is but 1,000,000 🐃 to you!
I believe this is called Darwinism - the suicide by Tide pods anyways. The murder part with the blindfolds is just tragic.
I remember waiting for him to fall down.
See my previous post, I put them there! :)
Nevertheless, it amuses me that they mis-spelled "literally", and *only* "literally".
Uhhh I want someone to do this for me!
Forever raging 😏😂😭
They shouldn’t have released those “stay where you are for New Year” messages early. Was all this chaos necessary? Playing both good cop and bad cop — utterly shameless.
Or just spend ten seconds around some fire and realize that it's super hot.
I will for sure pray for you all.
He might be, indeed...just remember, if you do catch him doing this, that he's just a kid without any understanding on that stuff.
And lo, for he took to Facebook and quoth righteousness, and the people were joyful, and gave unto him many "likes."
I'm glad you like doing - you can feel the darkness taking over haha. This honestly sounds like an animated short?
>[NAME] I don't know why, but that gave me a good laugh. Thank you.
YouTube is also fantastic for this stuff too.
She's married and I respect her family and husband too much.
Just thought it was a clever title, no revenge really
Isn't this the same video already posted ? Not seeing anything different
There is some serious congnitive dissonance going on. I know, we are one's to talk, but I think cheaters are a little more self-aware.
I wish there was videos of people like this figuring it out later organically and just feeling dumb lol
imagine if teppu got animated by madhouse tho &gt;_&lt;
Been a while since I been sober. This life can be so hard
Poor [NAME]. I like her. I wish they'd show what's going on with her.
@TxDMV @ArkansasBBB i filled out the report on #baitswitch by @Carvana lets go get them fines levied. #badbusiness #honoryourdeal #unhappy #baitswitch #badbusiness #honoryourdeal #unhappy
I FUCKING WIN
No, I have to make money somehow, I’m not doing more than Mom dies of polio before getting in a relationship,
Yeah man, fuck the man. Can’t have people getting free stuff or have any creative marketing ideas.
I HAVE BEEN CALLED! I MUST ANSWER....ALWAAAAAAAYYYYYSSSSSS! *Death Scream*
Spice Burger. Delicious!
Love the view. I would love to drink rum with a view like that. Have fun!
I can see the rippled sandy bottom, the shark is clearly visible, the surface is near. I feel ok 😁
If you're talking about drinking, unless there's tea or coffee in it, gross.
A run??????!!!!
WHERE IS THE JOKE
They will be more than happy to hand you the matches, followed by the cuffs.
I resent being lumped in with the group you are referencing, but thanks for sharing.
I didnt realize wishing Liberty would open their wallet would make it happen... It sucks, but it's the reality. We need value.
It isn't a bad thing if the population in question is low IQ.
Sorry to hear that brother! Solid advice and power and love to you. Here is knowing things will get better and that you're a champ!
Totally agree. I'm actually excited to play overwatch again tonight because of it. Teamwork is everything.
Not sure why you're being downvoted
A country that gave safe house to #Osama Bin #Laden is dangerous if not contained. #Pakistan is a #terror heaven, declare so @BanKimoon_amdg #osama #laden #pakistan #terror
... [NAME] derangement syndrome sufferer spotted. What drivel you crazy lunatics say... The lies and falsehoods along with the out of place fearmongering is getting really annoying...
Will the real [NAME] please stand up?
I wish they’d get [NAME] but only down side is his defense and being a skinny boi
Fan votes shouldn't count for that much. We've proven we are idiots.
I rent a 10㎡ studio in downtown Shanghai — over 2,000 yuan per month. I cook to save on meals; rent is by far my biggest expense.
Okay. Brace yourself. I will attempt my first loaf of bread in the morning. I will use a dutch oven. I will make the dough now.
Looks like the nightingale armour from Sky rim still pretty cool tho
hahahaha yeah you tell him man! fuk da police coming straight from da undagrunnn hahahah just like that song right!
You're an idiot
I get it but it wasn't what i was talking about.
[NAME]: "I'm a better mother and spend more time with [NAME] than most working women spend with kids." Talk about delusional.
Most days, I don't know what my heart beats for. #depression #depression
Looks like Plastique stans will be our cringey stans of the season.
Dementia is in my family so this is pretty exciting. I also have to wonder if this bacteria could cause other kinds of mental illnesses..
I hope one of those staffers manages to find the tax returns [NAME] has been looking for since 2016!
These things are so cool.
Where's your outrage when a black man kills another black man in the streets?
We've had so many stories about [NAME], that we do NOT need any about Florida lady. LOL
[NAME] is the only person i want him to end up with since the beginning i liked her the most
I want that rod of [NAME] concept for my aphro D:
says you, too bad you're totally wrong.
Damn... that’s another thing I didn’t even think about it. Probably the biggest reason why people shouldn’t steal food
It was his (very crappy, white trash) dream car.
Sorry about your poor trolling. 3/10.
What country have you move to?
So is texting a guy 'I'm ready for sex now' considered flirting?' #shocking #shocking
...X, X... Do... you... hear... me? Darn... Your... optimism led... ...to your own... demise... ... You... should... li...live #ZeroBOT #zerobot
Classic imperialism at its finest
I'd be more than happy to indulge this toothache.
Thank you so much for this advice :) i'm just really worried about going through the process again
The fact that you are questioning it, makes it even more worrysome.
Because its the internet and people are bored. Its not kids, its full grown adults and you know it. Unbunch your panties.
Don’t worry, he’s more afraid of you than you are of him. Just act tough, it’ll work...maybe...
Just curious: What do you normally do with your weekends?
Using that for the r/bossfight x-post
It was [NAME] thank you very much, than I'd go to wumpscut.
He's the only dignified politician, but it's still bizarre that people can be so enamoured of a literal [NAME]
Damn sorry to hear bro. You guys still friends though?
Lol ok 👌🏾
Basic translation "I'd rape you if I weren't a virgin!" Super creepy.
100%. Do NOT order from there. I have the same story. Don’t post that place on reddit anymore. They’re a scam
What is love
#CharlotteRiots #passion? or #anger act of violence.\nIf mourning for those who have past away, #stayhome  #whyout #charlotteriots #passion #anger #stayhome #whyout
i just was disapointed because [NAME] wont have the chance to play with the GOAT. i didnt mean to smh to your comment
Crafty little bastards.
Wait, I'm confused now. A brain can only handle so much.
voted! threw a couple of my other favorites in there too. thanks for the heads up!
Thank you for this ❤️❤️🦵🏼
That [NAME] laugh gets me everytime. League pass commercial breaks are the best.
[NAME] is so good at drafting too, but he just struggles as a head coach. I’d be ok with this
Isn't Marquis literally a noble title and not his actual name. I don't think being nobility counts as a fair expectation for the modern youth.
Whistleblowers have channels — what about those who think it’s fine? Where do they voice opinions?
If I could turn anxiety off--I would. #nooneunderstands #anxiety #nooneunderstands #anxiety
I agree. I've been passively thinking that the left and right axis is irrelevant. Its north and south that divides
He’s just jealous that we can get our coal liner straight from the source. NEXT!
Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!
>Take a payday loan, smoke some meth, buy a shitload of guns. Tell me which ideology this is and I'm sold
If it gets caught.. it can't.. breed😱
I love [NAME] but its been 1 year
AMN is absolutely good enough and [NAME] is also very highly rated
No clip? Screenshot? Picture at all? Sounds fake as hell
@WYSdaily I'm confident they will NEVER experience our successes of last 50yrs. Best they can hope for is to be another Bournemouth
I was cheering for NA team. Now I just want this is over and Gaudreau comes back in one piece. It is getting way too risky
Not the **emotional effect**, when it's in the best interest of our country.
Were minor children part of the divorce?
Ah fair enough. Thanks for elaborating
I like that, and the baby laughs at the duck so it makes it cute rather than annoying :)
This one is cute
Meh 2 years of bad teams under [NAME] coming off of 3 straight great years wasnt so bad. The 00's were far worse.
I'm really proud of you for standing up yourself like that!
How does ones SO even go through your ph ? Mine is locked with a pass code and a finger print
Who the heck cant
I bet you get tired of people looking through your post history and using your anti-semitism to dismiss you as utter trash too.
Went in to the comments to look for this. Thanks!
That figure is real strength — like Coconut Tree brand: packaging’s just packaging, content’s authentic — perfectly matches the image.
Oh [NAME] thank you.
I can see why! I would totally be offended too!
Turn yourself in, Jilliac scum!
His character was created to be a love interest and it's literally the only thing they know how to use him for.
Bad RLM video? That do not possible is
#Screw you, [NAME]. #screw
We fear not the truth, even if it be gloomy, but its counterfeit.- Berl Katznelson
Huh. ...huh.
No spelling and grammar errors. Oh my [NAME] better than the other repost.
Oh, the boat was already on its way out lol
I was going to put in the post that I wanted to smack her, but here in the comments I'll say, I wanted to smack her.
But why? I have enough awkward moments in my life. I just want to see comedy when I watch a show labeled as one.
I didn't downvote you but Emirates 1st class suites are ridiculously nice.
i'd make a great ant farm.
Fucking Real Madrid
Ahh, I see. Well, he wasn't wrong!
Animal Crossing made my wife into a vicious and abusive murderer.
Dude, you forgot the dozen donuts!
After spending £450 @Debenhams I was offered a £5 voucher. I asked if I could spend it at weekend? Was told 'no valid today only' #unhappy #unhappy
Ignorance is the worst thing that can happen to someone
You realize everyone sees you REEEEEEing all over the place right? You can act nonchalant all you want but obviously youre one salty sea dog
Dude, take back your life and dignity. GTFO!!!
Do they seriously think freshman congressmen are 'leadership'?
[NAME] why do they keep adding words to facist. Neofascist, cryptofascist, snowfascist. It's so dumb.
That better the case. It'll take the sting away a bit.
The game is riddled with error messages.
Oh wow I didn't know this policy was in place in the 70s!
Same here. But I thought "[NAME]" is a fitting name.
Sorry, girl. You deserve better.
Surely you dont think its the bravest thing a person can do though right?
I don't get what point is made when reporting on Charlotte looting @CNNAshleigh. Why not explore what looting businesses symbolizes
That’s awesome. They did it on purpose.
this is the best thread ever i s2g
I’m sorry to inform you, it’s worse.
The rest areas and truck stops are booming!
Not tryna plug or anything but i use InShot to crop my videos and it works fine It just makes me hurt inside seeing a screen record not cropped
I'm very open to doing anything to help me abstain. This seems very helpful I'd love to know more.
That's what they want though. So if you really want to 'win' their battles, simply ignore them :)
Where else was he going to hang his sash up?
I like beating wales cause my friend is welsh and I like beating the french because I’m English and it feels natural
Must've been some damn good fries...
No time like the present to start trying.
WHY [NAME]?
Miss my lil caramel delight 💓
@AdoreDelano ill be there... with VIP TICKETS! Can't wait to meet you. Never met a famous person i admire before! #nervous #nervous
Get the fuck out
This would make me sick.Getting cucked by bayern on and off the field.
Ahh well if some rando in reddit says something without evidence, that’s good enough for me! International association of medical doctors be damned!
I was mocking the original thread that this was taken from. Like I've said over and over through this comment thread.
It is bad tho.
[NAME]: I'm sorry that happened. I hope you weren't totally friendless on your 30th!
Quad turret hopefully
yeah, my stbxmil has done the same for all 9 years we've been together. his ex also cheated. everyone knew. they're all besties.
Let's be honest here if [NAME] played last night the Canucks win. This defense is a major concern and needs a complete overhaul this offseason.
Thanks for sharing, we have a new thread for today
Pm me I'd love to buy it from you if you have any spare!
Yeah after I showed it to my friend a few minutes later I realized what he meant but I forgot to remove my post.
I don’t think you are comprehending what I’m saying.
Moms overreact. Is funking your junk really that bad?
My wife is a [NAME] nut and I'm the Mets fan, this broke her.
For the [NAME] I always love our deep ACC Tourney runs. I’d love a regular season championship though
You came at me with attacks, so no, you get NOTHING!
we never taste happiness in perfection, our most fortunate successes are mixed with sadness. #success  #perfection #fortunate #mixed #success #perfection #fortunate #mixed
To be fair you haev to have a very high iq to understand this meme
Also hate the little 2 wheeled zapper
I can’t even count how many times I heard “you always have to be right”
That would be sick!
He meant if the comedian made a joke specifically about his grandpa, not any old grandpa, its when it is personal.
That guy is gonna regret losing you the rest of his life. You know why i know this? Because i am him 30 years ago.
Emotional roller coaster
The same is true for Oblivion and Morrowind. They still bring us joy, thanks to lots of awesome mods.
Did no one notice that it mentions Maryland in the title text, but goes on to talk about Massachusetts in the body text?
Projection is perception. See it in someone else? You also at some level have that within you. #anger #worry #anger #worry
I don’t care how hard it is — if there are cases, it means poor management. Say goodbye to your official hat.
@SonOfTheDovah *She could sense the anger stirring within him and took his hand in hers.* As long as we stay together, we'll both be safe.--
that's adorable asf
@makemytripcare but what I am doing is in my control, #AvoidMMT , you guys are  #avoidmmt
@Taniel @LOLGOP That'll be gosh darn terrific if they only check the brown people. Shucks, let's make a law to say only brown people.
Yeah I guess in perspective it really isn't a big number at all.
They will get the other. It's all fun and games until they noticed I was friends with a deep trust issues with humans since they were little.
This is an incipient antivaxx community, I don't want to see them lobbying and increasing in numbers like in the USA or Romania
But was he wrong though?
This just really motivated me. Thanks
Never more have I felt like I come from a British colony.
Lol. Build your own or make some tweaks to the printer.
They didn’t even ask about her in the phone call. Does that not seem just a tiny bit odd to you? HONEST ANSWER PLEASE
Poor Guy. Come back stronger than ever!
That movie really scared me when I was a kid.
The real problem are all the people on the ground saying the same thing to the guy holding the sign...
I’m not attractive but thank you.
Well yeah, you've gotta paint it white yourselves
May we all strive to be like that man.
I would make sure I didn’t leave any soda cans anymore so I could have the high ground, and then hide all but one cup lol
The state should kill them yes, you seem to have a very low IQ and can’t grasp [RELIGION]. No wonder you took up Reddit Atheism
@TillTheEndMMVI I accidetly dumped boiling water my myself 😫
Yeah I was more poking fun of the fact he won the NHL leadership award last year.
Yes - thank you for stating it this way - perfectly said.
There was an awkward, frozen moment as we all acknowledged each other and as my brain scrambled to make sense of this "hallucination".
@BBCTomEnglish @TimesSport And the dreadful Franglaise.
Just give him his damned complete control of government and media. Just give him his damned concentration camps. give him his damned Final Solution.
Thank you 👏👏 looking like she's going to the gym, yet wearing heels? Looks awful
It’s a joke...
I’m new here... do people like this actually sell their art for these prices? It only takes one sucker, but are there such suckers?
if they just let girls enter like these cats :)
Any time [NAME] is brought up is a good time for this:
Whoops!! I totally didn’t realize ‍♀️
I loved the first single from BO so hopefully the entire album will be good. And has more effort into it than "WHERE ARE THE JOKES"
@pete_ferriday Aww rest your weary head here
As a kid, teachers and parents quoted Edison: “Genius is 1% inspiration, 99% perspiration.” No one told us the rest: that 1% is most vital, more than the 99%. Life’s harsh lessons taught us anyway.
Idk but no it wasnt CHD
That's when tears streak down my cheeks.
There's a surprising amount of [NAME] in this thread.
It was just a knick, but and the blood $ The rain was cold, but my tears were hot against my cheeks.
Everyday I wake up, a different @SpursOfficial player signs a contract extension! Love it!! #future #is #bright #COYS #future #is #bright #coys
Never let your #fear decide your #future 󾍘🏽\nHave an amazing Thursday, \nLove Miss D X #fear #future
@politicalTigres @Saifullah_Uchvi welcome ji . sorry for words that irritate u
Having good people around you is the most important part i am glad you found some good friends:)
Is this Engraze?
Theres the link I use you stupid fuck get the fuck off my post you fucking shill
dont get down on yourself, early NC is very daunting. good luck! (im 11 years NC from nmom....life is good!)
Wish I had the confidence of [NAME]
I'm on episode 8 and this is where the show has gotten boring af for me.
Function in regard to camshaft exhilaration companies: CQHshJSI
[NAME] stands a solid chance honestly
@LoyalLadyMalfoy &lt;• change them himself. He follows behind with a scowl pinching his lips and takes the sheets to his room. 'So who is •&gt;
[NAME] I've smoked for 20 years. Really is time to quit.
Someone you guys are on Grindr just to screenshot your own witty replies to men trying to bang you, don’t deny it.
I'm a PR and I've been lucky enough to have millions in capital and that is ALL the statue states.
Ah cool, i heard more or less the same story but in Newcastle.
Last game I think someone said it well, "[NAME] like a toddler in an NBA Pro's body.
Don't worry about stupid people and you do whatever you want. Screw them kind of people.
Malevolent as I've ever been, head is spinnin'
And wr is not what I want us to focus on anyways. We got plenty of other needs
@LethalWeaponFOX promised I wouldn't live tweet, but  @DamonkWayans + @ClayneCrawford brought it! @JordanaBrewster and #furious action FTW! #furious
I'm sure he'd love to do that. Just have to get a few others on board first haha.
Hahah you right. Please don't tell any birds!
Yup. Soft serve turd special
How you don't give in to her every whim is amazing to me. You're a much stronger person than me.
cool story bro
> powerlifting [NAME] pattern. Well my friend I hope he's gay too 😘
This makes my tummy sick.
Taking a break from the #wedding to #rage at the general #stupidity of certain #people on the #internet. #wedding #rage #stupidity #people #internet
I’m going to be laughing for the next hour!
When your 25 and it’s your first kiss.... No one wants to be a 25 yr olds first kiss.
I related to [NAME] so much in this moment. I hate that [NAME] gone when he reaches for him.
My ukulele bag has fallen apart. 😐 WELLL AT LEAST my life hasn't yet!! #Joys\n\n#quote  #problemsolving #behappy #joys #problemsolving #behappy
Time for bed in a real bed after four nights camping. #bliss #bliss
Thank you so much, this is beautiful
Same thing happened to me last year ended horribly
hahaha. She is stunning though!
Yes please go get tested even if you don’t have any symptoms.
Ghanaians don't need to wear black to mourn tho... They can just walk naked *dodges stones* Na joke na☹'
Jokes on you..he's in cahoots with the guy at Oxford...
She's a ~~chill cat~~ woman of few words.
Thank you sound engineer for confirming that LOUD NOISE = FUNNY /s of course... thank you for your service.
I know right. It feels really good when someone acknowledges your existence. I hope more moments like these come for you.
this is my new favourite thread
This is lovely. Didn’t expect the end.
How about ditching palm oil, too?
I got news nephew, this isn’t unpopular.
This was a previously agreed arrangement a week prior. I don’t have unrealistic expectations, I just expect to be included in something that is pre-agreed.
I wanna hug my mom dead named me waking me up for school
Oh I didn’t realize you were saying that, my bad . And yes that’s a great idea that would help develop him
Desperate and unethical measures
Offense is taken, not given. Calm down, you'll live longer.
On the surface, yes. Deep down, probably not.
Min Gung in Glastonbury also has all you can eat sushi. Always a good time!
I have all the names..
What a catastrophe.
You are my beer god thank you haha
This is my favorite [NAME] joke I've seen
[NAME] is good but he needs to never take a midrange shot again
My misunderstanding, I thought you were questioning why people thought we needed a change.
You beat me to it
>She was very normal LMAO This got me
Stk is expensive but i'f rather take a bigger female there than tiff. You all see how slim she is and how she loves to eat.
How dare you hate [NAME]
Imagine if we dont trade [NAME] and [NAME] fans just kill all of us.
Three more shifts then I start the next part of my tutorship in response #enjoyingthelastfewdays #excited  #newchallanges #enjoyingthelastfewdays #excited #newchallanges
Bringing the country down with the government.
I wish my family was a gov so I could charge random people on the street for my family's mess ups :/
Oh! I didn't realize they were also vegan.
Searching for the booty builder. . [NAME] is in rare form.
I played in the WSHL last year and this really isn’t a surprise. It’s crazy how unbalanced the competition is in that league
Afton is relatively small, doesn’t have very many members, and is rather close to other temples compared to Brasilia.
@SiobhanSynnot  Oh, good God. Quentin Letts is doing one of his 'comedy' turns. #angry @bbcthisweek @afneil #BBCTW #angry #bbctw
i love that tay &amp; tiff are just sitting at my house while i'm at work 🙃
I am usually quiet in those situations, but I will occasionally throw in a joke to get everyone laughing.
Omg, this reminds me so much of my uBPDw saying "I need a real man. I need you to be my hero!"
Still is glitched to this day.... sad
I get needing a good education but what is with people acting like spending the most per student is a badge of honor?
Glad to hear it. You deserve your best life without that abuse and negativity.
Intermit animated^%%%ncaa pittsburgh vs mississippi sprightly shiny bbva level peg varsity football telly scra...
You do realize that every cod since cod 4 has had some sort of sbmm right? Like every MP Fps like Battlefield.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)
Holy fuck, no wonder the turtle beat the hare
[NAME] was a strong candidate. I think she can win if it's an open seat race.
Only six colors for this look, sweaty? I could do the same look with sixteen.
I chuckled, sue me
It kills me how much Oklahoma State and Iowa State are able to beat KU but [NAME] and [NAME] just couldn’t regularly get the job done.
That was a joke? And a joke you've been waiting to use for 10+ years?
I always feel like cute gay couples have a pug...
I will watch tonight, thank you!
It's dark
Warrior, the blogger meant—since the case is closed, shouldn’t we give others breathing room to resume life? Constantly pressing them serves no purpose.
Yeah and if the media finds out that they weren't drug related we will never hear of it again
Georgia is $5.25?! Wtf? We don’t live in 1990!
I’m here for you. What would you like to discuss?
Oof that’s terrible
You've been checking in on all us 3.8 billion females? That's impressive.
LOL no its not all in the video. We have all seen the longform video now so its obvious that I was right.
Don't worry, I'm pretty sure you're right and he's wrong
@The_Boxing_Hub #klitschko @Klitschko over fury any day #boxing #klitschko #boxing
Ha you're hilarious. Upvoted
What are you even talking about? I'm sorry you don't like [NAME], get over it.
Surely you meant isn't. XD
Ah, I love a quality rant, OP. Please keep up the good work! :)
It’s still undeniably them though. Drawn in the foreground in somewhat true color to make sure it’s a clear homage.
Been saying horford has been overrated since he got that fat contract
I was 10 years old when this happened and seeing her heartbroken dad on tv and hearing her story still haunts me.
Extremely bitter about the fact that the Subway in Robart's has been replaced with a low-rent version of Chipotle
Cant agree more on the first part but for the last, it comes out too harsh.
I live in So-Cal near the beach, im over it. Its weird planning vacations to go other places when you live in a vacation spot.
As long as you don't kiss her whole face you will be fine. If you both want it, it shouldn't be awkward.
Same. I felt like I haven’t found the “right” therapist. Hang in there and hug your little one tight!
Yeah right like they always talk about themselves why can’t I gets me so pissed off
I think its hilarious that you can't seem to understand the joke of the headline.
Oh I know. I will never forget either of those scenes, poor kid.
For a few months i have always been thinking about getting my tongue pierced.
@rizikxo @estherolo_ @Corinnetuc17 @ING Her reasonings behind this.
MY DAY Cold water pouring down my throat, drink, with the sun coming up, before despair tries to become the daily habit, cross my legs, brush aside the dream, still almost clear.
Thank [NAME] for you
I can’t tell you how much I appreciate it. <3 Thank you.
I’m hoping so. I either make peace with it or I decide to move on
Thank you for commenting exactly what I was going to comment and saving me the trouble!
Thanks, I think you're right.
wouldn't it actually probably be Army?
It’s an imperfect poll demographic group skewing erroneously towards a “No”. [NAME] was incredible this week.
Is there a source link? Id like to put it as my screen saver :)
I believe that's the first game winner at the buzzer at home in Raptors history
My organs love me. I wonder how emotionally damaged a person has to be to come up with these. It's weird and sad.
Because it seems like a first step on the same road that peope here have taken. I figured you have experience in the matter.
Can you share a link to video?
Topic change #4. This is getting sad. #4
69 levels in one week?
Let's give him two contracts for good measure
Maybe you can't, but plenty of other people would be able to.
I’m interested!
where you going /u/Nerdinater ? if ya dont mind me asking
picture isnt that clear but I am 80% sure they're fake. break one and see how it crumbles.
[NAME] and [NAME] did alright together. They were both disappointed with the outcome (initially at least) but Under Pressure was a huge hit.
Wishing i was rich so i didnt have to get up this morning #poor #sleepy #restless #sad #needsmoresleep #poor #sleepy #restless #sad #needsmoresleep
[NAME] - OT3 in my team without me... [NAME] - Sometimes bad things just happen...
[NAME] gonna end up killing her. Its just whether she does it willingly, regrettably or accidentally.
Unfortunate for him, but I'm bringing up players. >AND they can just stop being a support.
Exercising. Yoga. Meditation. Walks out by myself. ( walking meditation) Good friends. Time with good friends.
What a horrible track lakeside is 😳😳😴😴
What? Shut up?
Nihilism makes me happy, but I know that’s just my opinion.
Tbf it does look like it clears the net
Good advice, thank you.
We can replace #loss with #hope, #hate with #love, #pain with #gain, if we close the window of #bitterness and open doors of #faith. #TryIt #loss #hope #hate #love #pain #gain #bitterness #faith #tryit
Because no one in this world wants to see you happy and satisfied man!
Did you see the Beauty News video about it? One of their Estee Lauder products turned out to have been expired before they even bought it 🤢
Something on the telly about Scottish football that saves me watching [NAME] and [NAME]? I'm all for it.. Fair play to them.
I know I care about people more than animals... Im a fucking monster.
What are the chances that [NAME] actually reads the report when it comes out?
How are you 100% positive that you're pregnant if you haven't taken a test yet?
Glad to see [NAME] back
I mean I’m playing a card game and enjoying the cheap cards
@StrangeFacesLA why doesn't this account follow me
Emotional support [NAME]?
@JankHambrams You sound like my husband @Enistachia ... he makes hotter and hotter sauce - the fiery torment brings him mouth-joy! 🔥
Hi, [NAME]! I am here to offer you a robot hug, and to wish you the best day of your life! -HappyFriendlyBot
Because it would look worse than 2D art.
Oh... I read that the fedora made her sweaty... I can't imagine head wear making someone moist. But hey, there's something for everyone.
@kjwinston11 2.  the N-word. But I think all Afr-Am are entitled to it: we shouldn't take away from them the insult they have claimed back.
You could weigh even more than 152 at 10% 6 ft tall! But yes, that is the goal physique for many gym rats.
No, but it changes the expectations that people have for you. You have so deliberately change who you are to play to your target audience.
@petercoffin So safe blues are ok. Are reds ok as well? Obviously, battleground states would not.
I was hoping this day would
It's just a hug
I'm sad we have you at home this year. I want to make a trip to see Allianz.
Weird flex but okay
My body is ready for our Tank Commanders return!
Personally, I prefer my seafood not tainted by oil spills. But you do you!
I have a religious friend who i agreed with early on that we could make fun of each other's beliefs/lack of. We're still best friends :)
CL...let’s just hope we can stay in EL for the time being.
What was the wooosh
If you have bo toleramce you could feel it for a day
Waiting to see if a card expansion will make the game fun.
[NAME] I *swear*
I feel this but I also sympathize with mentalcels because I’m mentally ill and it makes me feel even worse.
You’re welcome!
That's gotta cut deep!
The guy that waived a future hall of famer. Hard to get away from that decision.
Look everyone it's that boy that laughs at everybody! Let's laugh at him!
What sort of material would actually swell this much instead of eroding or just breaking? Is his ceiling made of rubber?
Condolences to the  JC and the Georges family..
Plus she's probably going through some extreme grief, life insurance is a huge practical concern for her right now.
He was going for a new record for fastest to the bottom.
Why don't you just move to secular country like North Korea, China or Sweden? Leave theists alone we don't want you.
he's interested. maybe text him explaining what you're telling us just more concise
Really that's not very sad at all
Some guys are gonna get their hopes up if you are at all young *or* pretty. You may attract less attention if you can avoid moving.
You share your team-mates pain.
not worrying about being condemned to eternal hellfire for it takes away one impediment.
@tylerhower Covering Milo might make sense—not much, even at that—but celebrating him as puckish is cooperation in something ghastly.
They allow themselves to amass billions, but not others. Still, with over 2 billion, you really can do whatever you want — money makes the world go round.
Don't grab another slice of pizza. Maybe if they would've eaten the crust they would have not been so hungry. It's greedy and picky.
This’ll end the way these stories always end.
Its [NAME], everybodys favorite emotional support badger.
I enjoy shouting this at my husband and our friends when they're being especially nerdy.
0 excitement for this weekend just pure dread
Now I wanna know how the hell did you stole the body of an NPC :o
You keep turning it into all or nothing lol I said *less* bookshelves will be made if *more* bookshelves are reused
I didn’t know [NAME] was a boxer, he can take a punch though!
The correct response for OP: "In that case... Would you like to watch a porno on my flat screen mirror?"
@tonyposnanski Putin told him not to. #pout #heylookatthedistraction #pout #heylookatthedistraction
I have a lot of fun on pre-CU servers, but I like to grind and I love the Star Wars universe
This article wasn’t much better. The errors begin in the sixth paragraph. Thanks for sharing though!
We can but no other person. Not a spouse or kids no one.
Those boots look very warm but I can't imagine wearing them inside. She does look cool though
@SentinalsMom *Baal dashed forward, boosted forward by her power of flight. Her sword pointed at Void, meant to stop just short of her--
Ken he's 🎏 but a point worth considering. Seems so much more photos now then ever was
@JuliaHB1 Bloody right
Have you all watched the court hearing video? Right and wrong don’t change because of this. Focus more on what actually happened. Stop wasting resources—what’s the point of struggling?
[NAME] " haters gonna hate" the most cringe I've seen of any politician. Worse than [NAME] benefit singing some working class song.
We got Munchak guys!
Dr [NAME] is the best! :)
Was getting ready to comment about this one. Was really surprised how much I liked it but can see why it’s not for everyone
Give me $100 and I'll text you something fun. Sounds like paid sexting to me.
Seriously. I wonder if OP has seen some of the amazingly stupid faces that [NAME] and [NAME] make.
People who talk like that are selfish — they dismiss all the hard work of grassroots civil servants.
I miss old [NAME]
Not for long!
Not possible to change da truth
What I learned last year was not to read the comment sections, because it used to get me hot!!!!!
8 His morality is depraved. 9 His brutality is indulgent. 10 His religion is repudiated. 11 His existence is nullified. 12 His believers are mistaken.
you can anything you want when you have jordan bone
Same. Not being hateful to the op but I don't see the connection.
neither did they, but when they found out... oh boy
when you find out the initiative isn't even a thing 😧 #revenge #revenge
unbridled bigotry that started as a meme but ended... well, it hasn't yet but its not looking good
I feel you :(
Wishing i was rich so i didnt have to get up this morning #poor #sleepy  #sad #needsmoresleep #poor #sleepy #sad #needsmoresleep
Not at all
we had someone complain about us making announcements once for that exact reason
Aww thank you. That’s very sweet.
@Jacqueline_69 haha! She did well today. I can't get beyond her pout annoying me I'm afraid.
Shrug. Cant blame anyone other than your parents.
Me too! I got scared that I've been laundry inpaired my whole life and never even realized it!
Even if someone ignores advice and returns home, as long as their tests are clear and no related cases, why detain them? That’s not disease spreading.
Okay, thanks. Dont wanna get banned want my rewards from commendation thing.
wow that's dark
I saw the video and liked it, but I should say: Man, you almost make me dizzy by moving your head that much. 😀😀
Matinee games always scare me, but I have confidence in this team. LGI!
They can't they need a morty dumbness shield
What if they’re just fans of Dukes of Hazard though... Edit: I forgot to /s. Lol.
Probably therapy.
British would annoy me more. Or being called British Isles
good luck, little 3 year old
Congratulations! I have 8 months and 23 days! We DO recover & we can do it together! Proud of you :)
Haha. Got ‘em. Also this just in: Los Angeles is expensive. In other news, unrest in the Middle East.
The bottom comment: >Passing is the gold standard that determines whether you fit the social role of man or woman. [NAME], how regressive.
im curious to see what we can costumize in noob and jade
this is great TV. I want to see her do this on Legends
What a masterful bit of propaganda. Get the left to want war and criticize peace.
I'm the reason I smile everyday 💯
Funny part is, having financial issues is a reason why someone wouldn’t be able to get that job. Isn’t that hilarious?
Nice ;)
@lydss_xx @tharealversace @fatbellybella fuckin luv incense, this is me as fuck 😂
I hope your brother is okay. Don’t listen to this guy, he’s a cunt.
They are very heavily scripted which is why it can be borderline unethical.
my mom.. she noticed the house oddly quiet started frantically looking around. found me in the neighbors hot tub thing having a nice soak.
This will end well.
Ah Princess [NAME], the [NAME] of our childhoods
I really should know better than to ask questions like that here...
Looks like this one worked out juuuuuuust fine. Happy pizza giving, fellow redditor. 💜
Wishing the Ipswich Tigers good luck in their games throughout homecoming week!! We are cheering you on here at the City Office! GO TIGERS!
Dude, if this was real you wouldn't have mentioned godfather.
A friend calls this shadow work. I think you're right. It takes a lot of courage and persistence.
Job interview in the afternoon  #ek #ek
great for on the go! but i’ll always smoke glass if i’m home :)
Yes I prefer smaller boobs
Yeah how dare the puck not magnetize to [NAME] stick. Not his fault at all.
im having the worst week ever and i cant even go home yet to just sulk in my bed
>Shes completely self-made too :) Now I'm imagining her as some sort of entity that brings its own existence about
There’s something I love about the idea of eating a cheap meal on fancy tableware
Well I am a lady, so that would probably just freak them out. Oh, Reddit. Everyone is a man haha.
#internationaldayofpeace Want peace,prepare for war. Destroy terror states like Pakistan #internationaldayofpeace
I should stop jumping in elevators.
Please don’t. Please talk to someone
Are you promoting sex outside of marriage?
Circle K is dead to me. I hate your new slushie machine. #irate #livid #irate #livid
So many of [NAME] haters dismiss his top 10 stat placement. Never understood that.
Edit 2, holy shit this is great. But be cautious
oh that's sexy
Now you know which cars to wreck into !
I see. Thanks again for taking the time. I'm very isolated from the world so It's good to finally talk to someone about those things.
Dude I was done with my last comment how didn’t you get that
I would start laughing, screaming seems inappropriate
My mums been with her second husband 30 odd years now. Second marriages can work but you definitely have to fix and heal yourself first.
but time is meaningless
......man Shes a decent candidate. But [NAME] is better. Well see. Lets hope for a legit primary.
The saddest part is that just this morning when we were laying in bed I was thinking about how much I love him.
Please leave this dude
Gotta love that bison
The only thing scary about a 1-armed man trying to scare someone is the fact that he feels his 1 arm is only good for tryin to scare someone
Ah man I finished RDR2 twice, so decided to try out GTA V and ran into [NAME] last night! Awesome character!
Thank you TC for getting us to 100!
I had a friend send me a 3+ hour paranoid conspiracy documentary, zeitgeist I think it was called... Wasted 10 minutes before I noped the fuck out..
There shouldn't be a rule against it. That just makes the target even softer.
I tripped off 540mg of Robocough and my oil pen last night. It was absolutely wild like damn
To be fair, [NAME] told her he had a gf. Also, barn girl tried to kill him. Very different situation.
A bad pun can be a real pick-me-up
To this day, I get nervous reading anything with [NAME] name in it
Wow so brave!
If I could turn anxiety off--I would. #nooneunderstands  #nooneunderstands
I would like to congratulate the people of Saudi Arabia a happy and a joyous national day. May you all have a great time! #اليوم_الوطني #اليوم_الوطني
@thehill no wonder USA is going to shit with such outrage over a simple analogy.
Its natural to fear what is unknown. Especially when someone is trying to force you to open a sketchy box while probably grinning the whole time.
So that's how people get their cars sideways in those crazy pictures. I'd always wondered.
*violently screams at the four winds* WE AINT EVER GETTING OLDER *cute jovial rhythm starts* *moves hips along and waves arms in the air*
I was totally and completely fine with the fact that I had just been bludgeoned with a trampoline $ until I saw the blood; the 57 gallons of blood that proceeded to spew out of my face and cover my tiny little body.
@blackeyed_susie They ain't going away, and I don't want to see them hurt; changing hearts/minds is really our only option, no?
So that’s why all of the lab work I get takes so long....
[NAME] damn you're dedicated.
So, you get yo keep the LLR and lose your house/money/car instead?
I love Dr [NAME] and [NAME] at 8 West Dental in downtown. Edit: Called Dr [NAME] the wrong name.
That boy’s smile healed me! Thanks to his charm, I’m ready to work hard again!
I have more faith in [NAME] than anyone on the court to make a 3. Strange world
@LBardugo Start w/ the 3 songs in Blue Neighborhood\n1) Wild\n2)Fools\n3)Talk Me down 😭😭for #Wesper\nAlso,\n4)Too Good.  #serious kaz/inej feelz #wesper #serious
America.... I have done goofed!
That was never in discussion all Miami wanted was to get rid off the whole contract.
I don't know, I was to busy getting annoyed by [NAME] whiny entitlement to dislike [NAME]
Change the channel during the NFC Playoffs? Hey did you ever pay that ticket? No? Just wondering....
Fact, the sky is orange. And if you think it’s blue, you’re stupid
Lol [NAME] must have took [NAME] phone
Just spitballing here, but im pretty sure he likes basketball. Really weird, i know.
The fact their team is stacked makes me hate them, along with [NAME] being a dirty player. Also they are in our division
Just kidding man 😂😂
Dehydrated, exhausted, stressed but still blessed. #optimism #optimism
That’s cool. I had a few baby teeth dipped in gold and made into charms for a bracelet. Gorgeous work.
I also wanted to point this out! I love JJGO!!
If Angelina Jolie can't keep a man no one can. Today we mourn because Love is dead
@CallofDuty how do u guys determine teams? Cause I'm 80% on shitty teams when I play and I'm fuckin over it #cod #rage #cod #rage
Rooney shocking attempted cross
Points. I envy your luck! My matches generally range from 10k-29k :/
Except when you get put against the same 6 stack 5 times in a row and they smash you every time... was not a good time
Oh I don't use Twitter, thank you for sharing that info!
Good thing there’s someone sensible in the Whitehouse.
I am sure the men here who have Career [NAME] and Supermodel [NAME] fighting over him will appreciate this sage advice.
You're a bit of a wet wipe aren't you?
i prefer this
. For all of you highlight truthers out there, the shove is clear as day.
I really hope web design follows in fashion’s footsteps and starts emulating 90’s-00’s webpages. Such a nostalgic feeling seeing that site.
I regret that I have but one downvote to give.
It makes anyone unattractive.
This could be an amazing metaphor for super smart AI’s. We’re the egg.
@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS I played a game where John Elway was sacked 3x and fumbled all 3x. Is this the same John elway I know of???
The end was kinda meeeehhhh. Like Season 9 AMIRITE THX
I love Kaep so much for those 2 playoff games alone.
A team has to be at least 3 people, right? So 500/3 = $167 a week. Baller CEO status
@gingermckchav @MichCorsilles @ArevaMartin @HarvardBLSA @ShareblueMedia Apparently nothing like the terror cops have of black people.
> Just don't fake it or abuse it and you'll have no problem with it. clearly you have more faith in people than reality should suggest...
#ThankYouCGI - Do not grow weary in doing good. #CGI2016 #thankyoucgi #cgi2016
Best day of the week!
Thanks, now every highlander I run into tries to do it 100% of the time and I just bait them into a light parry
~~macri gato~~ Also, nice to see Buthan there
When I walked into recovery my heart was pounding.
That's interesting! Here I am having been saying I grew up near the original all my life. I will correct my story.
Wrong kind of grass seeds?
Hey thanks!
Yeah, but that driver's mistake could have easily seriously harmed or even killed the pedestrian, this is not a "we all make mistakes" situation.
Forgiving means operating with God's spirit &amp; God isn't unforgiving &amp; doesn't hold a grudge. So who am I? Exactly.
The local council is gonna have fun removing all those dodgy fillings.
That is an awesome idea and execution. Also a great example of an actual free market system working right.
Thanks fam jam.
Beautiful. Makes me wonder how the Persona 6 Velvet Room attendant will be like and how the dynamic with their siblings go...
[NAME] would love it if we rolled over into the hypocrisy of pacifism. The only problem I have with punching [NAME] is making sure your aim is correct.
Why is this downvoted? It’s right.
You should see the absurd number of "gays for [NAME]" we have in my country, it's astounding
Oh god another injury
Child: Dad, what's science? Dad: I don't know son, we're republican.
i think there is empirical data for evolution...
Maybe, idk though. I dont think thats enough to nail him. We need more.
Skeptical approach, always lol
I thought that I was on the IASIP sub...
Justice was served
[NAME] can actually be accessed via the DC universe steaming/comics service
Downvoting comments you don't like is your right.
Are 3.0 still active? I was really hoping they would have gotten signed after their tryout camp a couple years back.
Thank you friend
You're taking her scale way too literally.
What a beauty
Wouldn't it be great if [NAME] went down with charges?
@MrsCassonC @15_jordyn WAS THERE A CLOWN IN YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD? #nightmare #creepy #EnoughIsEnough #nightmare #creepy #enoughisenough
I'm on your side with this one. At least you have some legs to stand on.
Dam boys, we announcing players back in training like new signings!
Run the addresses through the property records. If the mailing address of owner ain't local, they its a lie.
I would think I was in a horror movie and lock the doors. Lol
Please cut her off from your life. You don’t need to deal with this behaviour. Be safe and please take care.
Man a 29 year old broner can't beat a 40 year old pressure fighter, broner sucks
Damn. As a [NAME] [NAME] I fear who the last Greek restauranteur in this death triangle will be :(
@cristinalaila1 just when I thought this disgusting man couldn't sink any lower-like Hillary he his depravity of character has no bottom
@FoxNews Very thought provoking &amp; leads one to question what really happened.Very sad for all.
Are you implying that I can not determine guilt by seeing a person's skin color and tense smile, you fucking racist?
My cats are single so I can't say I was the ONLY one but at least I had a warm body snuggled against me last night. 😳
This seemed so out of character but I was like cool. Weird.
`` Mr. Jackson just called me, and he told me to call you, and told me to ask you so he didn't have to call you, and that's why I 'M calling you for him -- '' I broke out giggling and rushed to cover my mouth, stealing an embarrassed glance at all the nurses watching me in complete awe.
Man, [NAME] is having a heck of a career! In the end, he'll be repping us<3
I met her once and she ended up falling for me.
This joke has been on here a million times and never ceases to trick me
So..the head [NAME], is afraid of being rammed?
the problem is that it's arbitrary. USA already has too high standards for immigration
Okay then. Please remind me again why the lack of support is death threats in my PMs.
Oh, the "Thomas the nuclear bomb"? That scarred me.
That needs a standalone cooler to plug into just to operate effectively lol
It's special if you're into it. Some women genuinely enjoy it.
But OP said her life is ruined because 'muricans are bad.
Yeah. I don't even know why I was filming lmao. I hit #1 good. Definitely a miss on #2 though. #1 #2
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!?!?!
Thanks, didn't know that
He had 2 years with full control and couldn’t get it passed...just remind them of that.
I hope having family in high places will help me gain opportunities to liberate others.
Oh, I'm dying to know if you noticed any reaction from him!
I'm a cheery ghost.
You are not intereating. You are an annoying cunt who should have never been concieved.
If she said looks arent your problem, she wants to have sex with you, I learned that in r/niceguys 101
>not a cure-all. Since we don't have such a thing, is this not the next best option?
Belgium is an awesome assignment
There was apparently then some awkward laughter and apologies and my grandpa and his friends were dismissed.
I am sorry but how in the hell is there no added time added ?
This guy gets it (and feels it as well... Sorry brother)
The moral of the story is obviously you should only engage women with whom you have a prior business arrangement. I.e., whores.
My soul is weary of fighting the battles in this world. #BlackInAmerica #WeAreNotSafe #blackinamerica #wearenotsafe
In memory of the departed and in honor of rebirth, let us pray for our nation — may the land be safe and the people at peace!
You have to be trolling because I doubt you’re this dumb.
awesome thank u!!
Feminists should ask themselves, why they're so unhappy, and why they lack love in their lives. Is it b/c they are fighting a losing game?
FANTASTIC!! I didn't know what hole to look at. Geysers!
I'm so gay I can't even drive straight - a bumper sticker older than most redditors
I refuse to believe any of this is real. I'm sure his agent will issue a statement that his Twitter and Instagram are compromised
BECAUSE THIS ARTICLE IS THE CLINCHER [NAME] IS [NAME] LAST NIGHT AS A FREE MAN
When they left, they didn’t know when they’d return, or whether they’d succeed — but they carried unwavering hearts to defend the people. Salute to the heroes — forever in our hearts!
@SurfaceSupport A profoundly disappointing experience. I have 2 pay almost $500 2 remedy a defect n the product @Microsoft sold me
Ha. Fair enough.
Look at the size of those shorts!
biological gender isn't real. it's biological sex. do some research
oh my [NAME] the hands... so small... but so powerful...
Pecan pie to 0 cals. I love it and I can't ever eat it and I want it so bad!
Dying to find out who it is
That's too much meta for me to follow, pls explain.
PHX at home? Should be a cakewalk, right guys?
This is not surprising at all. She's a fake trendy "feminist" with no perspective whatsoever.
While I appreciate your post, this is an old meme that I thought fit [NAME] perfectly.
So this dude gets a bonus that could have funded HGC for at least 2 more years. Thanks Activision!
Whew. I'm safe then.
Fuck these calls
> Corporate Media I like this one.
well, i've never had an outbreak or a cold sore. i have had chickenpox, though, but they have yet to reappear
So then what are the odds the refs had money on the game and a vested interest to ignore calls?
Medical interventions that are undertaken to save the life of the mother, even if the result is the death of the fetus, are morally permissible.
Traditions are long gone; even New-Year spirit’s lost. The “festive vibe” they hype for consumption isn’t real holiday warmth.
did you just use a gendered term I don't know. It just looks cute to me.
Starting?? BF4 is a lot of fun when you havent played in a while. Just faster and more immersive.
Sorry about that! Edited with the addition of those details.
And it should be drenched in blood. It’s supposed to be scary, that’s how you know [NAME] loves you!
[NAME] getting off beat the dribble is hurting me a little inside /: Edit:words
How many times did you end up shouting "Bingo!"
Thank you. I'll definately be sure to pick up that book sometime.
Easy breezy beautiful cover girl
This ain’t too bad for something posted to Facebook
I was right next to that score, bad times so it was.
[NAME] gets no love.
Drinkin me some red wine &amp; listening to some fred mcdowell playing the #blues . He did not play no #rocknroll. Fantastic noise  #justsaying #blues #rocknroll #justsaying
Actually it's true. But it's a misconception around the shyness concept and not about SA.
@mysarazaman Ya it makes me be more selfish and disheartened
What?! What women power!?? Please elaborate. What part of her rambling constitutes as women power”?
keep tha hard work man, we (artifact community) are lucky to have you supporting the game.
Ahhh makes sense. They were being sarcastic but it went over my head haha. Thank you.
I gave undeliverable perishables to a local fire department before
You fucking got this bb, one step at a time. The DD is here for you.
Ah [NAME] trying to save the faith by strawmanning amazing.
[NAME] no, these are horrid on anyone.
People who unironically call others “snowflake” tend to get offended way easier than anyone else.
I honestly believe that being a Saudi woman should automatically qualify you for refugee status.
DJ's mocks are always a little off pre combine/FA. I still really like his mocks, this one i just off to me though.
You get a creepy dog biscuit
The word "YES" has never erupted from my conciousness so fast before. I practically ejaculated it.
Lots of hugs, kiddo ! They ***are*** heifers !
He’s 60 and never had a HC gig. That should worry folks!
They’re letting teams get away with murder then they call [NAME] for that little touch foul. I don’t get officials.
My ukulele bag has fallen apart.  WELLL AT LEAST my life hasn't yet!! #Joys\n\n#quote  #problemsolving #behappy #joys #problemsolving #behappy
@breadf2man @SunApology and it's Kelvin Mackenzie tomorrow... #shudder DontBuyTheSun #shudder
Gotta wash your ass somehow. It makes it more funny that someone is as offended by it as you though.
I almost think he may have opened the door.
You die > mom will be sad
Real Person. I'm just saying I like the merchandise.
This hurts me
It's not about not understanding it's that you're wrong. It's sexual assault. Rape = person being penetrated. You've been shown multiple definitions.
GH is slow compared to DD. Worked 4 hour block on GH and got 0 orders. Turn on DD and get an order instantly.
This has been the most depressing week full of rain ever lol
Hi, how are you doing?
Holy crap OP this is genius! I’ll be doing this from now on as this is a big problem for me, thanks!
Yeah, your dopamine receptors are going back to normal.
@vladfucker69 i look rabid
[NAME] holding grudges
Happy Cake Day! :)
I hate fags
Start sending her a text when you go into the shower. Tell her you're starting your shower and you'll be ten minutes. See what happens.
same i feel u
His videos are great.
A fucking power outage during a hurricane and your car is fucked.
I wasn’t saying she was faking just curious to see her reaction to it
@adamrodricks I like your optimism!
Can’t say I’d have a problem with [NAME] getting his head stomped into a kerb.
Too late. Gooble gobble, gooble gobble. We accept you. One of us.
Hope you’re ok mate!
It's hard to be good to yourself.
She's as beautiful and as happy as ever
No I didn't. PM me your username here and I'll reach out to you.
You want forgiveness? Stop spamming.
They were fooling around on the fields and looking for something to aim at and shoot.
Yeah I think he was joking though. Like a cynical, sarcastic sorta comment
[NAME] is a terrible defender, and as much as I like [NAME], I think it would be more beneficial to move his contract and sign another piece
Women don't want their own shit. They want our shit. ---- [NAME]
no thanks
Nice work. I really want the full scene in this format.
They come to your house and rob you at gun point. Be honest. What are some ways that this could be resolved?
I want a [NAME] podcast. Doesn't have to be weekly, just once in a while let him ramble about something
This is your moment!
What if I don't fully have feelings for her and just really like her cuteness
hello there¡ That one time i said i liked sex.
Thanks, but please use the stickied megathread for all discussion and submissions. Repost it over there.
#haikuchallenge #haiku\n\nThe crisp autumn air\nMy freedom purchased through death\nNo one will mourn me #haikuchallenge #haiku
I don't know much about Arizona politics, but I could see this candidate winning.
Lmboo , using my nephew for meme
This wasn't him forcing her to get an abortion or breast implants dude like seriously you are being pretty ridiculous.
I thought I got mad for anything but my bf gets mad over any little thing lmfao shit be hilarious
Best sports league in the world.
Usually its better just to ignore the dude whos insane, because you don't know if he has a knife or a gun
Yow thats gnarly.
Hey all you white people out there; are you #offended when people refer to you as a Cock Asian? #NoSeriously #offended #noseriously
Oh damn, is that who made that up?
@TheeCurrentYear @Sargon_of_Akkad this is too much hilarity for one day
We need them both. My heart can't take another year of wasting deGrom gems in late innings.
Damn, but I’d miss my mother. Then again she’d be all happy in her heaven. The rest of us can party.
Part of me wants to say "Yea, that happened."
Saw this on the front page and that was the only thing i could think of!
Exactly my goals as well. Let's make it a great year.
Yeah the last one made me laugh
I appreciate the dedication, but they really didn't have to be silent for three quarters of the game.
That sounds great, I *love* Rogue One. It's also the movie that's perfectly safe for TLJ fans to despise.
Change politicians' healthcare to that of the average citizen, and this could all be sorted out much faster.
“Respect the house” while it is impossible to live in your own before you're 30 nowadays
Introspection? How would you personally go about that? What questions would you ask yourself?
Ah, a classy man
Boogie Nights is my favorite movie by the way
literally I feel like crying
Wow! Good for her! I’m so glad she was able to see through the bullshit!
True, I misread the post and thought it was applying it to on-field performance. My apologies.
I was convinced that you can just use one of the above. If you clean up just like the truck in the back of one person beat him.
I would pay good money to watch [NAME] vs Dr. Now!!!
Sorry was late at night and i was in a real depression fog
Please just tell me [NAME] is in the top four
I feel your pain brother. Just had to put down my rescue pup. RIP blaze it for them!
By the way the dogs also alerted at kuss road but will just ignore that much like [NAME] did lol ciao
Don't forget fluent in sarcasm
I love [NAME] comedy. I hope she makes another show.
You're an amazing person OP. Please keep doing you!
This is the first time I’ve ever been reposted. I’m honored
Yep. In Sixth grade a boy named [NAME] just stabbed me in the stomach with a pencil.
He’s too old for [NAME]
Wait, I see the problem, you are changing the word observation to assumption, which I think you know is disingenuous.
We have left #Maine. #sadness #maine #sadness
@Courteoussoul @MattyMcDee I'm at 349 and just decoded 20 or more blues and not one was over 340, where you getting your blues?
It also hurts to turn my neck in any direction.
and throw my hands in the air.
"Well I have loads, you can share mine".
Love The Weasle, I've grown to like him a lot
@addy_caylen I told her I wasn't fighting her Bc I'm not trashy and she keeps tryna threaten me lmfao
de grasse has a very noticeable asymmetry too
Dude go out his way to irritate me🙄🙄 that's why I go out my way to not give up any pussy🙅🏾🅿️
Jimmy gently poured some into my mouth, dipping my head back and asking me to swallow.
I liked it...
Oh come on, why did the video cut off right after “locals first”? Afraid we’ll see
@JoySparkleBS being able to sit with so much solid info while others came at her ready to kill is a true sign of strength. #inspiring #inspiring
I'd rather laugh with the rarest genius, in beautiful alliance with his own being, where he kept his sadness. #melancholy #melancholy
That's even cheaper than I had figured.. there's still the "to you" bit... OP needs to post an Amazon wishlist.
This is the best one yet.
It's a people problem, not an evil man problem. So if their perspective always paints men as the perpetrator, their perspective is flawed.
Then again, socialists have never been *particularly* averse to the odd spot of murder, have they?
That's a surprise from this guy.
are you speaking from experience?
Solange is more aesthetically pleasing than your fave.
#MeogysDailyVocabEnhancment Elation: quality or state of being elated; feeling or state of great joy or pride #meogysdailyvocabenhancment
Happy Birthday, LOST! / #lost #dharmainitiative #12years #22september2004 #oceanic815 #lost #dharmainitiative #12years #22september2004 #oceanic815
Oh yeah, those are both totally valid criticisms. It's just that they lose me when they call him a serial predator
So frustrating—three showings a day: 8:30am, 11:30am, 11:30pm. Is that normal scheduling? And tickets are hard to get!
Well unless you have an audio recording, people are gonna struggle to diagnose it for you any further I’m sorry.
Spoiler: you might be depressed, go find out if you are, then come back.
Need to go middle of the road no [NAME] is going to vote for [NAME].
It's a close one. I'm going to agree with you because look what happens when [NAME] goes down.
THINK OF THE😤😤😤GENERATIONS OF NEWS🇺🇸😞🇺🇸THAT GETS LOST WHEN THESE YOUNG UNS 👲👲👹STOP LOVING NEWS📰PAPERS I FOR ONE🇺🇸😎🇺🇸SUPPORT OUR NEWS📰PAPER INDUSTRY🇺🇸🏭🇺🇸
I agree. I’d rather spend $500 a ticket to go to MetLife and watch it on the big screen with 75,000 other Jets fans.
If an AI projectile is your biggest problem you've got bigger issues, next.
Yawn. They’re toxic together and their only trait seemed to be getting naked together.
They were talking about what they should call the 'not Constantinople' release in the meeting- its a crime that nobody thought of this.
On my legs and feet I wore leggings, jeans, and then the bib.
This will probably get buried, but here goes:
Hahahaha. Wow. Pure gold!
I'd like to apologize on behalf of all Azwel mains.
If that's what you call ugly, I'm basically a hangover vomit that someone stepped on lmao.
I don't remember, it was all very hazy...
IT SEEMS THAT YOU ARE GOING TO APPROVE ME, I HOPE DO NOT PASS THE SAME AS WITH THE OTHER GIRL ... 😳
>marry up tho Except it's more cruel for men now. The men who the said women are seeing are most certainly homeless/broke chads.
She's a nutjob, but this is a really good quote, lol.
It is 100% a scam. They've been copying many [NAME] with the same message.
Oh no I didn’t see that episode!? She pooped in the car?!
So which is more profitable for producers, brick n mortar or digital distribution? Which makes more money?
HUGE CONGRATULATIONS TO NICOLE WINNING BIG BROTHER 18! @BBNicole #BB18 sorry not sorry  #bbmichelle #bb18 #bbmichelle
Just looked them and and found the perfect one for him thanks!
So guys, we did it
Even when drinking, I would remember that D is 13, not 14. Semper Nerdalis.
because people like before they watch a third of the video
That’s not what I mean Him being a snack is just well
Fear blocks blessings, faith unlocks them. #ManUp  #faith #manup #faith
Ozone Coffee near Old Street - Kiwi coffee shop; it’s great.
@BrandedByCas I was like that when I started college. It was horrific but it probably will get better. Don't give up yet
I wish they would have focused on them in the first movie, and slowly handed the torch off to the next gen by the 3rd.
Your harshest critic will always be yourself
I told my therapist that I'm on the dance team and now she's unhappy with me.
You got this, good luck brother
I had a nightmare.
yes:)
All the [NAME] who’ve been harassed or assaulted for “looking [NAME]” will be glad to hear that.
I hate those sugar cookies shit is awful
I want one of those so badly! Perfect bag, perfect color. And of course they’re not for sale
Hey he's not the one running [NAME] Twitter account can't blame him for that.
Ugh. This is horrifying. Thank you for sharing.
The longer you look at this picture the less satisfying it gets
I will try that! I have never really tried balancing exercises but will give that a try too! Thank you.
We left the church, but it'll probably take awhile for him to unlearn all the bullshit
Not sure what makes me a nimby but ok?
You’re the coward! I was the second man to walk on the moon. NEIL BEFORE ME.
That one is pretty obvious
*Creepy/unnerving* that is, and just weird.
@sandahlcarrie Your comments concern us, Carrie. Please DM your record locator and details.
Sure hoping so!
No a white chubby boy with scene hair. He wasn’t wearing a shirt in the video.
I might not agree with the maduro regime, but t how can BoE justify what amounts to stealing $1.2 billion in gold from Venuzuela?
I'd rather we didn't discuss this kind of stuff here, really. Doesn't feel very useful to any kind of debate.
I'm the one who died inside here
yah [NAME] is well-known knock out artist. What's your favorite KO/TKO of his in the UFC? Oh wait....
I love any story that includes the phrase: "Some gypsies showed up".
that's really good
[NAME], I guess you are the one who got whooshed
Ah [NAME] I love this post!
I love the idea of a farm school. I'd totally do that if I could.
Thanks for the help but just went for the delete all option somehow still kept my ranks so idk what the fuck that all was evennabout
Play the lottery my dude, you just got lucky.
Congratulatioins!
Wow, a Walmart Truck Stop. I think that would be outstanding! They should do that everywhere, I mean they already have the land.
It's cool to see more organised stoners too haha
Our hometown’s the same—48h negative + two green codes = 7-day home isolation. No overreaction this year, much better.
Amazing work!. I truly enjoyed reading this and read like a page directly from the book.
Ugh I have to hope the god damn Leafs win tonight, what a world it is we're living in.
The logic is so the government can oppress you.
Unlucky, pricks.
My ecology professor hated outdoor cats for that reason. They're extremely destructive animals.
You realize that the ex husband is not related to MGTOW at all right?
Politicians be like yo we cant raise minimum wage because then companies will just replace all their workers with robots...
Also. Read the sidebar, thank you.
You can still check your feelings and then see how they’re messing up your facts.
Well if you read my other posts you’d know I did try to end it in a responsible mature way and he refused sooo
It definitely took a lot of research to figure everything out for myself, but I’m glad I was able to help ya!
but a dude
Thank you this is great, your post has helped as I was on the Mernda line about to get off at Clifton hill
[NAME] and [NAME] for Trout?
Yeah lol. 25% of women are sexually assaulted in [RELIGION] countries, maybe.
I’ll check out and see if is!! Thank you ☺️
I think it is worth documenting this sort of stuff, as a reminder. They'd do this to your kids too. In a heartbeat.
Just as easy to blame the other side. Maybe they should all sit down like grown ups
I some times add a little sriracha when a I'm making a gochujang based sauce, they have similar flavor profiles with that hot and sweet thing.
What did I ever do to you?
he is. he will make the Browns proud!
Had to upvote just because of how wholesome this comment feels
This would be a great meme format
Our father will protect us <3
The NERVE! 🤣
I wonder how she would respond if he said this. It's almost worth doing to find out.... Almost
Ah I had no idea!
Hoping you’re gonna experience a ton of good days from here on out dude
*Well well well, if it isn’t [NAME] the platypus. Totally unexpected, and by unexpected in mean TOTALLY EXPECTED!!*
It's prevalent in everything. WoW was incredible when it came out *because* everyone was garbage.
Your welcome. A simple “thank you” would’ve sufficed. Didn’t need the long-winded response. r/ChoosingBeggars
You're very welcome, and I hope it's the hardest thing you ever have to do--meaning I hope it's all downhill from here.
accept no substitutes
This isn't even his highlight of his week. It's the highlight of the last few decades. Damn onions.
It goes away and can be treated. Once treated it would never return until she had another child.
Franz Ferdinand are awful too
she gone make me wanna start that new shit today 😂😭
yeah he was a good defender in Utah
Super weird question. Not really commenting either way, just so weird the life we have created for modern humans.
32nd? It felt like 99th or something...
Not really. Lots of young adults are living with parents because renting/leasing or even applying for mortgage is way more expensive than it used to be.
Each Dark Souls game has been voted "Most Likely to Result in Controller Damage".
#Matthew 25; 1-13\nCould somebody shoot a #video about it?\nIt could be 1 of those #horror videos but in the same time turning many 2 #Christ #matthew #video #horror #christ
Create a youtube channel for when you work on cars.
true... good luck! You're doing the right thing.
I did that, I asked for a white doctor and they gave me a list of black doctors.
.@monsoonuk Ordered before 10pm last night, paid for next day. Didn't bother to fufill order. Now 14 working days for a refund!
No worries, good luck!
As bad in what ways? The rest of who? Other politicians?
The premise was that they work in the arts—painting, instruments, vocals, acting, etc. In these fields, you have to admit talent is crucial! With talent, you achieve more with less; without it, you achieve less with more.
Hoping you’re well — there are still stars and moons to wish upon, and countless romances beyond him.
You can smell the basement from here on him
These are the same thing
You should check out my comment at the bottom of this thread of why I somewhat support antifa. This comic is obviously fearmongering conservatives.
I'm really interested in seeing those other 6
That excuse’s weak—conductors can seek police help. Foreigners in China must obey our laws too.
Wishing you all of the best friend !!!!
May [NAME] SWT bless you, protect you, guide you, and keep you active in this faith. Welcome to al [RELIGION] =)
As a millennial, I think millennials are childish entitled humans.
That literally doesn’t even look like her omg
@coltonflurry @StrangeFacesLA I cancelled by CBS all access live feeds before JC even said Vic won AFP. Paul.should have won IMO #bitter #bitter
I love the way you wrote this. Outstanding
Rule 2, 3, and 7. Impressive. Goodbye.
This reminds me of the trolls that would tell people it was a ‘cool science experiment’ to cook up chlorine gas in people’s homes.
Long hair for guys should happen more, it looks cool *and feels nice too*
Is a really worrying bench
You think her being a [NAME] is the reason for the hatred? Really?
You’re your own worst enemy
Holy shit they’re already in the bonus
Hennessey - dreadful. Mutch - is he even on the pitch? Fryers - out of his depth unfortunately. #CPFC #cpfc
[NAME], your uncle is not the hero you think he is.
Happy to be able to help.
@FlakeJay ring ring! #depression is here #depression
Go to the movies with people not related to me.
Wow, thanks so much for me to own tool that I can speak and understand Japanese fluently enough.
I have almost 5 months now. If I can do it, anyone can. You got this baby ❤️
She took the fucking kids, huh?
I've been seeing these since I was a kid! Wish we all had an answer...
Anytime :)
I would love a lineup of [NAME], [NAME] he can play [NAME]), and [NAME].
work is going to kill me and 5 o'clock is nowhere near 😟
OHH this is what Reddit finds ridiculous about this situation.
That little weak jog back by iwobi after his attempted cross would enough to get [NAME] dropped from the team sheet by [NAME]. Where's the accountability?
I hope for the camera-man's sake that gun is empty
Omg does anyone have a video of this
oddly enough, i really like it
The sad part is he actually looks pretty good with it, better than the design he has for most of the game.
Make nachos, get a beer, and get ready to yell SUEY!!
It's weird because sometimes I care and sometimes I don't. Although I wouldn't call myself an asexual I could be leaning more towards demisexual.
I can just do it with my eyes open. Is that weird? It kind of hurts.
Great! He’s human—under threat, no one’s flawless. He may not be a perfect victim, but he’s still a hero.
The mosquito is my favorite plane, quite curious on how it can be set up.
Make the fro bigger, and it will be a perfect master piece. Rating 9.9 out of 10
Sad really. Are they really that threatened by people speaking a language? We all speak English everyday, not like we do for sectarian reasons.
Lol every time I complain we score like 2 min later. I will wait 5 min
New word for me: tetch·y /ˈteCHē/ adjective bad-tempered and irritable. "she had always been tetchy and impatient with him"
Amazing notes. Posts like this is what make us feel that we are not alone in our struggles.
After “malicious wage claims,” “malicious petitions,” and “malicious rights defense,” now there’s “malicious return home”? Incredible — officials’ wordplay gets fancier by the day! What’s left of the law’s dignity?
That amiibo addiction is real man....
*scoff* maybe you can’t. /s
That hit was under 2 seconds after he had possession. Was it unwarranted? Yes Was it SUPER late? No
It was probably either a wrong number, a prank call, or a girl you forgot you met and she was embarrassed. If something more happens update us
Oh daaaaaaamn @SophiaBush! #getitgirl #girlpower  #rawr #ChicagoPD #getitgirl #girlpower #rawr #chicagopd
In case anyone is wondering.. the money was a 20$ tip. Edit: 200$. I’ve been corrected.
I'm either an optimistic nihilist or a pessimistic existentialist. Only further readings will tell!
That's a great point that I never thought of before... possibly nobody has!
Oh. That's an... Interesting username. :
It is amazing how social media is allowing maniacs to congregate. Social media is very bad for us.
“She had the same expression as the shocked Pikachu meme.” Lmao.. this made me laugh so hard lol
Nice. I'll look around for it. Thanks!
Thank u goalie [NAME]
These aren't [NAME]... they're [NAME] that like to pose in the form of a hexagram for some reason
Leave they don't deserve you and you don't need those sacks of shit
What is the point of this app? Not much is given on their page on the app store other than "fun"
Hell yeah o/
Who would be deciding the quality standards? How would it work between genres or styles? Why would any of this even be enforced?
Youre right...shes one of my least fav characters. I think they use her as a straight foil in alot of episodes.
After christmas. January 4th. Lol
Nope, works just fine. Was just there.
This was insane. I knew [NAME] was legit when he swung at a pitch while being intentionally walked and almost hit it out.
At least he's finally done one thing right. Utter fucking disappointment at every level, by every metric.
Interesting trend. Just wait till they learn about the church's racism and history claims....
@RealSkipBayless Your opinions on sports is dreadful
Man, I could go for some veal soon.
Does this mean anything for the stability of Taiwan? Im going there in a month on a school field trip that could easily be canceled.
yeah violence shouldn't be your goto first option, but the people who pretend words are meaningless sounds are stupid idiots
No my point to using the article is to call out the political theatre and dishonesty of some of our elected officials, mostly in the democratic party.
i did nt drink cause my lungs were giving me problems but the rest did.
@Kim_is__bored exactly what I have been saying on fb..
Though i think i preferred it when it was artistic and gritty i still love that series. Listening to the audiobook he took the voices from. highly recomended
Huh, neat ^^^^^^^^^^^^^fuck ^JJ ^tho
Dang this is awesome
In online infection polls I joined — last weekend ~70%, yesterday ~80%; among acquaintances 90%+, probably 100%. Two who thought they never got COVID ended up coughing recently — just no fever, so they assumed they hadn’t caught it.
They're a match made in heaven!
I thought they left that address and moved to Henderson.
You're disgusting
No at that point you’re a POS, or just have horrible taste in women lol
This is the word or at least Attitude of King. No problems man.. and have a poor grasp of the statement honestly.
You've got time to turn it around. I promise you. You can get there.
I am happy for you. No, seriously, I am.
Girls are different. That's a basic fact. I would never crack the same type of jokes I do with my guy friends with a girl.
stay strong!
Oh boy you’re really going to trigger the “enlightened centrists” with this contemptuous babbling.
Nah, I it was cool to be a pedo back in the old days, ask [NAME]
Ghostbusters 2: ghost-bustier ?
Unfortunately I'm guessing their toxic attitude will alienate them from others, which will only make them more angry and resentful.
What a fucking cunt
@xxmariab listen yh don't provoke me cos I'll make you cry
The Calgary Herald has extremist on their payroll?
@Nick_Offerman I'll be there!! Can't wait for all the !
>[NAME] >not [NAME] It's as if you're asking to lose
link to the crack tweet?
DRAG HER QUEEN
Well attention whores are women(mostly) that always seek validation from other people, something that can really become very obnoxious and annoying.
OMG this is gaming history in the making. Lol I can't w8!
Hard work doesn’t become useless just because you think “talent decides everything.” Talent matters, but passion and persistence matter more. Sometimes failure isn’t from lack of talent, but from doubting your own effort. That self-doubt makes all your work futile. In life, no step is wasted — every step counts.
Lol. Not everything is about your pet issue but I do appreciate your attempts to frame it that way. Keep up the good fight!
Thank you for sharing your experience. It adds much needed hope.
I was going to suggest that as well, but I still need this whole "elopement" thing explained to me.
Yeah it is getting strange. I've even been talking to a right wing poster for the last few days who is terrified of her.
Angry old men raise their canes when angry. Raising Cane's is a fast food chicken finger chain.
He had one poor split, and he already looks strong, fuck your mindless hate
Stop believing everything you’re told.
> You first. Really. I have. I reject both, but I can do it separately because they're not necessarily correlated beliefs.
&amp; like if your unhappy just leave. don't cheat on someone &amp; than up their view on love &amp; shit 💯..
I'm a guy and I'm squirming. My wife asked me what the hell I was reading and I told her. She said wtf really loud.
Hunting would at least be more rewarding and fun. Every time I wanna meal prep in RDO I just horseback ride and lock-on to deer.
Nothing ocular about that smackdown. Raunchy just peaked all over [deleted].
I'll try and search there. Thanks. Edit: it looks like a bunch of vampire story weebs but whatever
Thanks a lot!
Will I offend you\nif I am truthful but kind\nor will you see why?\n@baffled #haikuchallenge  #haikuchallenge
You have too many knives, I don't trust you. Sociopath.
Man I'm sad, he was my favorite [NAME] when he left ([NAME] heir apparent) and I was ecstatic when he returned
Do you even watch Steelers football?
We cant even get sexually assaulted without them claiming we're gross fetishists
ET + 2 picks for [NAME] would be great
My 2 best girls in the series combined into one and [NAME] with [NAME] colors is so beautiful :)
What does that mean o____o
I mean if he’s into it, sure, whatever. I’m not one to judge.
That's literally impossible.
I was waiting for this comment
My favorite thing is when [NAME] gets the ball at the top of the key and every stands with their hands on their hips
I can't tell if its a guy or a girl and i don't know if I love or hate that
Sweet home alabama No but for real, is that even legal? You should stop having sex with her.
@stoozyboy1 @chris_sutton73 😂😂 Oh the zombie rage 😂
Tell her, it may have been a huge [NAME] fan and I was even shorter than [NAME].
I’m guessing you don’t take bad news lightly. I’m sorry bud :/
I didn't realize there was ever an initial post on this subject.
Take my kindness for weakness when you acting silly keeping it 100 ain't your forté  #ChrisBrown #TeamBreezy #chrisbrown #teambreezy
>recommending Elite mode to first time players My stomach turns in disgust
I can’t wait!!!
Damn it, I still have a whole box of C94 cables, and now you’re telling me they’re useless? Fine, I’ll use my iPhone 12 until 2050.
> Why create more jobs when no one is available to even take them? We could always import more people to fill those jobs.. :)
I've never been there before so I can't confirm or deny but I would be really surprised if a casino only had limit holdem
People still do? I thought everyone realized how overpaid he is
I give 90 percent odds that [NAME] will be reelected. And I think it will be at a much higher margin than 2016.
I have my reasons for wanting to quit
Her little baby frown is adorable
who's to late?
yeah and then it sucks bc you know you’ll get so sick of it soon and you won’t like that person or thing the same
[NAME] was such a fun weapon
I gotta try that with my posse next time I’m on. That’s hilarious
No I know they're on xbox. I just added that last part as a poor attempt to be funny.
I'm actually surprised it stayed up. We already got a shitpost thread yesterday. I though the limit was one per week.
Ouch. Rough year for the jags. Where upstate are you?
FUCKING YES BEST PLAYER ON THE PITCH TODAY ABSOLUTE WARRIOR BOW DOWN TO THE BALON DOR WINNER TRULY WORTHY
GINO!!!
This is powerful. I appreciated it so much. I hope to end up as free and as confident as you
it's so breezy out today, i can't go to back to school night with bare legs like i've had all day
I figured, just thought I’d throw it out there. Love you :)
I have a cold too 😿. Hope you feel better!
I pull my arm away and purchase a ticket for a mystery movie and enter through the back entrance only to realize that the whole theater was crowded.
The other leg is a blurred line
@KatelynKolsrud thanks mucho kate💕 #sober #sober
That kill was beautiful
@charles_gaba No, I am probably the person most likely to completely understand how gobsmacked you were to learn how true that is. #sadly #sadly
I hope to experience this beautiful rendition of bliss
We all got our thing hun. Embrace it.
Thank you for the kind words, that's very sweet.
#sober life #sober
That's pretty much what you signed up for when you had kids.
What the fuck is he even doing ? He should be off that's fucking horrific !
some of the casuals tweets that Vic has faved are making me gag #bitter #bitter
He might assume that most people are shoplifters like him and that you're a nuisance to society that he's exposing.
Differently to whom? And in what regards? Most people are treated by others as if they weren't anything special.
is the entire cast at least on there and not cut off at the bottom like the other pic I saw here?
Women don't get an ego boost from and don't enjoy sex with men they're ambivalent about.
That’s my favorite way to introduce myself tbh
The [NAME] finger wag was sexy as hell.
Then you’re entirely ignorant
I’m always weirded out whenever I see him without a beard because in my game I got the longest beard I could
I hate that. PC is way better for using the internet. I also hate how all the important features for the website missing on phone version.
To laugh at the bad memes
You’re a vet; you at least WERE poor lol. I’m a vet too dude I know the struggle.
Keep up the good work
Yea ur probably be super drowsy tho.
Hard Candy. You're welcome.
Wow, that really hurts coming from a demented troll sockpuppets brigading me on this sub
Huh? Mutts are usually healthier than pure-breds. It's the pure-bred dogs that have weird genetic issues.
Funny. I take mine out of the hair tie and leave it down or in a loose clip.
Oh no! He’s right!
Lol i love my life. You're the one insulting random strangers on the internet. Must suck having no life 😂😂😂😂
How do you know [NAME] isn’t 6’10” right now? Have you measured him lately?
Thanks [NAME]!
What a horseshit response
Woah! 4 new maps in a year! That’s so lucky!! Not like we got 10+ maps in 2017 for bf1..
So birds and limes are bikes. Wow, TIL.
I always say thank [NAME] we can’t comprehend it!!
I could not believe my eyes.
Damn, he sold all out for that kick
@TheMandyMoore You are beyond wonderful.  Your singing prowess is phenomenal but damn... I'm just elated to watch you act again. #ThisIsUs 珞 #thisisus
@twojacksdetail @bluelivesmtr Very rare an officer just shoots without regard. They don't want that on their conscience. #incite  #incite
I hate that attitude, as if it's every woman's, purpose, dream, and personal duty to reproduce.
Family bonds are so thin nowadays. If you lack money or power, you have no relatives or friends. That’s reality — all relationships are built on benefit, use, and being used.
Don't kink shame
This kills the country.
Such merriment &amp; laughter from @dadwroteaporno at @KingsPlace &amp; an instructional PowerPoint presentation.Well done to all concerned &amp; thanks
Shoot, darn. You win again!
Who is afraid of who here? The shower or you?
Poeling is looking like a fkn stud. Imagine our C depth next season... [NAME]... holy fuck
Fart. Far less humiliating particularly in front of family or strangers
For me, I tend to (over)share with friends, but also get offended at trivial questions like you.
I was about to lose my shit but then I finally found the Plumbus
I'm moving to Dallas soon too, from out of state. lol. Seems like it's the closest/most similar area to home, vibe-wise.
Kick him out. Overgrown baby.
I mean, those sneaking home are “malicious returnees,” right? Henan’s suffered from them — shouldn’t they be detained? Why does media only stress “isolate then detain”?
I don't mean at Blizzcon but shortly after, like a week, imo that would have been for the best for the players and everyone involved
That's still a fucking insane number. 70% is goddamn insanity, and the only reason you're alright with it is because you're unaffected.
He was probably a protector, but the plot changed later. When Gao Qiqiang fell out with Zhao Lidong, he corrupted Yang Jian — Meng’s son-in-law — gaining another shield.
I forgot about the "perks" of a growing subreddit.
They don't know that tho
Oh thank you for the name, is there any way to get rid of them?
Super creepy. And leaving the note is out of line
Might want to avoid those things even when [NAME] and [NAME] are kissing each other.
For sure larrisa so I can try and bang her
I mean, if A video pops up of [NAME] pissing on underage girls, nah, I’m not gonna still be a fan.
That they will always love me despite how erratic I am and that they will always care about me, even if I haven't seen them in years.
Imagine thinking a bigot isn't ignorant
These stats don't specify if the cops are in the right for killing someone
Welp, I'm off to get my #anxiety meds now. #Empire #anxiety #empire
@Wild_Lucario_ *chuckles* did I scare you?
Don't, it's shit compared to the original. It's rather WATERed down :P Jokes aside it isn't as good.
Wow. Never knew there were so many here.
I could not agree with you more! These selfish women crying abuse to manipulate.
I'll message you when I have the time to play! :) Ty!
Thank you... I'll try but can't promise anything
That was awesome. the gross spin by [NAME] and the one legged glider by [NAME]. beautiful
Yeehaw! It's time for a hoedown!!!!
So, the kicker... her brother played on Xbox so that's the console she had claimed to play on!
Just 1 DC tonight I think
I think holidays should start on the 29th till the 6th, then make up 7th–8th for 5th–6th. Straight 8-day break.
He believed Ireland had a right to exist, he just didn’t believe in the way the IRA(1919-1921) went about their business.
If he worked out he would look good I think. But not in a way I would be attracted to him lol, just in general.
Maybe hes changed i did when she left?
Yo gg man I was the lobby
I wish. I got to revisit all the cringy things I liked in middle school. There were almost 1000 pictures and literally 700 of them were memes
This dude was super cool
The acl is somewhere inside yes. Some people also said it was a lateral ligament. Hope he can recover quickly.
We‘re looking good so far
Thanks, I love salad.
And KAT with 6. Weird game.
I made the mistake of choosing [NAME] once. I'm literaly unable to change characters in Tekken for the rest of my life.
Good dog.
Ok cheers mate thank you
jimmy_dore: RaisingTheBoss we've already lost our country and our government to oligarchs, but their fear tactics still work it appears.
Well that draw is lively! #EFLCup #eflcup
Whoever is against the queen will die.
No [NAME], and [NAME] back on the left. Finally. Please take this chance [NAME]
i wish i wasn’t a failure of a person.
#ntfc mourinho is worried,  bringing Ibra  and Rushford on.  #panic #ntfc #panic
To the rest of the world, I would like to say, "Sorry."
Seriously!? Wouldn't a guy do the same thing if a girl didn't even attempt to get him off?
I started out by being sick.. and the realization that no one is going to help me... Not even my family not friends.
Me too :D
That’s a lazy argument. Racism can be defeated with good education and proper parenting but most people are too lazy to fight for it.
He's transcended fuck-you-money to fuck-me-money territory
you arent a real 90's kid if you were born after 1999
My roommate turns the sink off with her foot to avoid germs and a guy says 'YOUR roommate is feet girl?! I'm so sorry' plz help
it’s a 3 year cegep degree (college
@zavvi @zavvihelp only offering 6 moth warranty #ps4pro #shocking #truth #ripoff #ps4pro #shocking #truth #ripoff
Stumbling out of a closet in full [NAME] outfit... I'm afraid it's not
Wow, that is really interesting.
Same here, would love to help. Praying things get better for you and your family :)
Pretty sure he stayed because he was told he's got the NE job once [NAME] is gone.
Sell all bch for bitcoin and hope for a bull run. Best decision you probably will make in your life.
True only it's much harder to hide real property than it is to hide cash.
Didn't like [NAME] and when he was here, hate him on the opposing team
why not both? go under-cover. in both senses
He keeps saying this in my playthrough when that's definitely NOT what I'm doing. I just suck at hunting!!
Fuuuuck. I am so angry that this can even happen.
If I spend even 5 minutes with you and you already irritate me I seriously will bitch you out until you shut up
Good luck trying to get out of the membership. They won’t make it easy.
What a wonderful world
Strongly agree, [NAME] and [NAME] have been outplaying him for about a month. He's about dead even with [NAME] right now too.
I feel like this happens to me every single time I shop there. I dont go in anymore because I'm tired of being followed.
Mouth hugs!
ONLY FUCKING MERRILL WOULD MISS THAT
Oh man this gave me some flashbacks to awesome times playing with my dad
I guess we should ban birds too.
Thanks for the advice!
Okubo thanks JP/EU for their work over the weekend on the patch notes, and then EU doesn't post their patch notes :-/
Halfway to work and I realize I forgot to put on underwear....It's going to be one of those days! #mombrain #toomuchgoingon #longday  #mombrain #toomuchgoingon #longday
Yeah usually there are the c-1 but this go around this is what was handed. I like them
Yeah dude I like the brown sugar ones a lot, what’s the problem?
I've been playing this game since release and didn't even know that!
it's simple, it's stupid, and I can't stop laughing. 10/10
I love rational comments.
[RELIGION] Match all the way! I met the love of my life :-)
I’m gunna be the bigger man... blessings on your weekend my friend...
Lol it's a bit of both I think.
You are entitled to live your life the way you want to. I never said you weren't. You really are just disappointing.
You said you're in college, right? What are you majoring/minoring in?
I find both [NAME] and [NAME] annoying each in different style.
All i see is a guy that’s fine stealing beats from his own farm
I hardly ever post in r/bitcoin. But then, r/Bitcoin isn't pretending Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin.
Lmao. I still sing fun with the funk sometimes.
I love this sub. Always 5% toxic, 95% thought out properly
I get cramps and aches in my shoulders when I'm even minutely out of position, just imagine what it's going to be like with a completely different seating system, not to mention an entirely new drive mechanism.
I'm saying put up or shut up. If you can't back up your point with evidence, your opinion is worthless.
[NAME] probably knows him as the dude who brings him delicious chickens.
Getting so excited for @ClearwaterJazz 2016!! We play the main stage Sunday Oct. 16 at 3:30!! #jazzholiday #riesbrothers #rock  #jam #jazzholiday #riesbrothers #rock #jam
Nice, I like it. A truly unusual pairing.
Wait, serious?
At least she'll probably die of her own accord, not murdered like [NAME].
The 30 second new's watcher is still in a far better place to judge *their own interests* better than you or anyone else.
I did this a couple years back. Daily binged on Simpsons. So Good.
My block has about 40. East York residents got screwed by their 60s-70s predecessors.
Oops. I assumed, wrongly, that it was the same person.
For once I gatherp th strength to not try and drink my pain away. #sober #Fighter #strong #lovely #dreamer #sober #fighter #strong #lovely #dreamer
Thank you. ❤️
Welcome to New York.
Ugh I've had my mirena for a few years. I get none of bleeding and all of the cramps
Depends on what else is going on at the time and the state of Britain economically and globally. But these terms wouldn't currently be popular, no.
@JohnMayer No DSM shows. #sadness #sadness
Makes sense, but I imagine if they wanted the land that badly theyd just buy it off him
*[NAME] loved that*
Right? Most days I wish I had really small ones so guys would look at ME instead of look at my body.
Sorry, new at
Yeah, it does that to me on my laptop. Nothing just happens. If I try on mobile I just get that error message.
Prepare for it and become happy with yourself but also accept its impermanence.
He's gonna say "stop eating chips"
A volley into a header. Just wow. The skills.
I wish I had your efficiency. I can be at work a full shift and still get almost nothing done.
WHY IS PULJUJARVI ON THE 4TH LINE?!?!?!?!?!
Right? just like the shock I had in elementary school when I learned the KKK was started by [NAME]
Without these heroes, we could still be counting on [NAME] to fight off opponents, and a collapsing stadium
The vagoo has been stretched over the bike, it allows for a comfortable and pleasurable ride, pretty innovative and cleaver way to operate a locomotive.
He’s Russian you forgot that.
[NAME] the amount of protection that you are wrong *because* you are an outlier at all.
That's where cap 2 sleeps. Leave it be
Thank you, this was what I was hoping to hear. The last thing I'd want right now is to make mourning him any harder.
This video was uploaded in October 2013, over five years ago now. This just feels like an unnecessarily inflammatory post for karma to me.
@andrew_jrt I don't really understand the burst and semi auto version bc the damage doesn't change so those are essentially useless
@dfkm1970 @tomddumba the struggle is real. Whoa! I worry for the younger generation 💔
So many insecure balding guys itt.
I think, just a week or so until I have my Nala kitty back in my arms.
you know cyran still hasn't done makeup based on jeongguk's tiddy like i suggested and i'm #offended #offended
So, bloody stop feeding cattle, nothing even compares to the resource consumption (waste) of the animal industry.
Pretty nice to see CONCACAF signing for the CPL.
Half right I am 15 but I’m not a goth and just enjoy the taste of human mostly blood but flesh is almost as good
tim burton never fails to depress me
I think they're seasonal? I'm not sure, I don't buy squash so I just go by our PLU book
That's bad
Um, this department already lost the suit, so they can feel free to admit the wrongdoing and apologize.
Time to go hit up the library - I have a lovely PILE of book reservations to collect this morning...  #books #reading #books #reading
I'm glad I could contribute some positivity! All the best to you and your kids!
there's no ventilation shafts in the dumb things, block the exits and make a bonfire.
Yellow Submarine is under tremendous pressure from Los Blancos. #WaveAfterWave #RMAVIL #waveafterwave #rmavil
I believe if under 6 months you'll get it all back in the end.
Such bullshit. Reloading components included? Not that they'd let that stand in subsequent laws if it is.
> But, President [NAME] can just hand out pardons for anything federal. Presidential pardons don't affect impeachments.
Yeah, and the pushers can do that whether they're paid or not.
Thanks for the P.S
i heard it was like 300,000 german pows he just sprayed down after shooting his 30 round mag into them.
Her elitism is what earned her the place here. She's clearly a lefty statist.
Like I said, his route running is as good as it's ever been, but he isn't as explosive after the catch anymore
[NAME] is one of the worst announcers ever. [NAME] is one of the best.
That was awesome. Momentum is really something isn't it?
With a lot of severe brain damage after being beat back to life with an ugly stick.
Ugh. What's wrong with me today? Feel absolutely dreadful 😓 I wonder if I'm fighting something off...? Roll on home time.
It wouldn't be my dog because they'll be on a leash as I said- their dumbasses would go get hit by cars
Now that you put it that way I can’t un-see it.
Haha came here to say this, that shit spun me out right proper it did!
When you have 15 doe run the opposite side of you 🙁
Amen! However, see my post about the problem with drafting [NAME]. If we do, [NAME] will probably be the odd man out.
I don't have a problem with it if its a cheese or charcuterie board
She's already promised her kids they can have it and now all four of them are crying!
All the people in this thread are fucking disgusting
I find most people I paint nurseries for are like this. They do things just to post it online.
I dont know this one (new or yet another alt) I can't take people seriously when they have a hidden agenda for these questions
Nawaz Sharif is getting more funnier than @kapilsharmak9 day by day. #laughter #challenge #kashmir #baloch #laughter #challenge #kashmir #baloch
One time my old Teacher made our entire country leave the European Union...thanks Mr. [NAME]...
@Mista_Nightmare i dont understand why u do videos every week spend time with your family instead of working on horror #takeabreak #takeabreak
Haha yes. Thank you. No accidents, so it went well 😂😂
But they still go around the houses, 111 is long as fuck though.
I'm going to Rome for a second date. The joys of Bumbling while back home for Christmas and meeting another emigrant.
I remember the Lions under [NAME]. Just no.
The last two years of heart-breaking Saints playoff losses have *almost* made up for the horror of 2009.
I really can’t understand — force-feeding someone to death, even if not intentional murder, should at least count as manslaughter. Even without heavier sentencing, how can it be so light? Aren’t the parents accomplices? And seriously, who still believes in this stuff nowadays?
ugh I couldn't wait to get rid of my uterus. it was NEVER needed.
[NAME] using that "maybe if I guess every outcome I can still say I was right" logic.
Srs I saw this post and I’m confused that this is considered a hack.
Sorry it was late at night. I fixed it.
PM nawaz sharif adressed in uno produced mirth among kashmires well done pak wel done nawaz .we want demilterization
@AmontanaW I nearly dropped my phone into the sink HAHAHAHA
Apologies but what movie is this from?
You dont have to feel grateful to be grateful, for it is written  ' all things work together for good'  for those who love God.
Uh huh.
That looks even smaller.
[NAME] is clueless please don't listen to him lol.
My mum had this. I got to pick things I wanted from inside and we’d make them together. :) nice memories.
when people hit on me i try to shake them off by talking about how i hide from communism
That old lady is cray cray #scared #BellaIsSoCute  #Empire #scared #bellaissocute #empire
I'm three months old and I love Queen and Metallica, not the crap my generstion listens too.
Ok. First I've heard pregnancy helping with tips. Thanks for sharing.
Dear media friends, please call for more humane care for patients in Pazhou Fangcang shelter. The sanitary conditions there are unbearable. My friend is inside — I really want to help them, please.
I'm sorry to hear that. Wish I could be here to help you, stay strong
Mad stinky.
I fucking change my mind, something wonderful has happened! Please don't make me go dead, tomorrow.
Don't think I'll ever get used to this 6:30 alarm 😩💤
[NAME] is a bitch
Race idealists are ridiculous.
Was injured a lot his rookie year too. And had trouble handling [NAME] duties.
How can anyone like Tottenham? Like for real. They are the worst team you could imagine in every department.
omg i just heard my dads alarm go off have i really been up all this time
Thing is, some fans will *never* be happy. There is nothing that can be done to please them. That's the problem.
I don't.
Hey quick brag, this post was read by [NAME], episode 63! I'm actually really excited, he's one of my favorites.
Yes. She should. Just not President. I've heard people say she should, and she is nowhere near ready for that.
[NAME]. When my ex and I discussed baby names, I feel in love with this combo
@jccrocker #CharlotteProtest do u #wait 4 the facts #video or do u #hate now ask questions later  #protest #PoliceShootings #suggestions #charlotteprotest #wait #video #hate #protest #policeshootings #suggestions
Damn we got 7th grade conspiracy theorists in the world these days?!?!
Oh [NAME] what happened?? A water main break up there😂
What the FRICK
yeah i misread billions as millions. my bad
There is... use a credit or debit card.... lol it hits instantly I just did it literally last Sunday
Cause she's being doing drag for the amount of my lifetime lol
ah! you´re welcome! :)
Sad to know you this way. The motherland and the people will never forget you — salute to the firefighter heroes.
Yeah, you're getting points. Bring your insurance documents as well just to save yourself the trip back. They will ask for them.
GG Chicago, [NAME] played out of his damn mind tonight
I'm more than sure we [NAME] lovers feel the same way, her outfits are awful
Well then, I can't wait for you to prove me wrong but your throwaway comment isn't helpful.
This is where [NAME] from OC belongs.
I think this was part of the actual movie, bud.
Lol... that is awesome.
All good brother. Los Lonely Boys just came on and I'm jamming. Much love.
Dude, y'all anti American scum don't even believe in science. Fuck off with your generic bullshit because you can't list a specific example.
@camilluddington the fact that YOURE nervous makes me want to crawl in a hole
I couldn't think of a better definition.
no the first part about UK becoming a failed state. Why do you think a lot of [NAME] would not want this to happen?
>Even though [NAME] quit live performing after he got diagnosed but ok
im in love with this comment
>If you were to confiscate $900 billion of [NAME] assets, lmao
Some say Guangzhou discriminates against outsiders — my family has lived here over 20 years as non-locals, and not a single local has ever treated us unfairly.
Surprisingly it wasn’t a [NAME]
This is adorable I want an update
Your pro controller tho, tops.
Omg, *please*
dude, your mom is a fuck-nugget, i’m so sorry you’re dealing with this
Because he/she is prejudiced.
Try starving until stomach cramps—driven mad, calling 110 and 12345 for a month with no answer.
Trading for Zubac is a pure tank move, he averages less than 7 points a game for his career.
I woke up around 10:30 with a million thoughts rolling through my head.
Grassroots officials do the work, take the blame, and endure insults — while media just tap keyboards to make “hot news.”
[NAME] presses and holds b button (I feel you op)
Can confirm. My forehead creases came from doing this for years.
God. Damnit. Ever since HS hockey players have been my fetish... This is almost too much...
Is it her turn this time?
Damn, maybe its just the facial expression, but she looks exhausted :/
His estate still have property in places like ireland. To this he has grounds rent paid to him
Wow, pretty transphobic to say prostate owners have a penis and non-prostate owners have a vagina. What about the neovagina and front-hole bearers? /s
On top of that I just think [NAME] was saying "I know how to evaluate talent."
great day for him though, awesome story for the rest of the week
You know that this happened in germany, do you?
@rihaBabyJ Aw no problem. I just felt like speaking because I felt the same before and I want you to overcome it and not be discouraged. :)
Oh I thought it was something that was actually contemplated. My bad
This hurts to watch
Well damn.
Someone here is in denial, and it ain’t the daugther.
That moment of #panic when your zipper gets stuck when you're in the #bathroom and you realize the only way out of your jeans is #scissors #panic #bathroom #scissors
She shouldn’t have to fight a male.
I’m in a similar situation, but mine is my spanish teacher she favorites the boys, and she really just hates me
Yeah, no problem. My mindset is if you aren’t bothering me or anyone else for that matter, then I don’t really care lol
When I see a Lynx, even if far away, oh trust me I'll go to that cat and focus only him before anything else
I know. Maybe if they realize this, they'll stop using that app.
Well you got me. Interested in seeing what other E rides people got
Yup. Hysterical bonding from ultimatums. Remember that time ultimatums created lust and desire...........?
You have to drink 25 beers in a row to unlock them though, so they're pretty hard to get without cheating.
Don't post this on Yelp. She'll hate you for life!
And now the tolerant left is downvoting our comments because they don’t agree with another equally valid point of view.
This stresses me out way too much.
@mikeburke91 @AP I guess. It's just heartbreaking the ease with which they can kill an innocent man and get away with it. #indignation #indignation
Wow thanks I would've never figured out that you were sarcastic without that /s
You k how it's bad when a furry is roasting you
I'd be fine on the highway, really only stop and go and hill starts, and reversing that I have problems with.
This is gatekeeping at it's worst People can be heartless Idiots it's amazing
Well, since everyone is giving their lovely stories...
I do that when I don't do my hair and I don't want anyone to see me looking like that
Is that his thing? (I honestly don't know what his thing is)
Good job fatty!
Lots Of Love
Thanks so much!!!
We're ALL what's wrong with this country
I don't mind helping people but often the problems seem so petty and small and the solution is so simple.
Those people don’t truly believe in what they act — they just go through the motions. Even shouting slogans is hard for them. How can you expect anything moving from them?
Nahhhhhh @konanplaydirty snap story has got me bussing up 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Why isn't India banned? One of the most [RELIGION] countries on the planet.
My son and I both enjoy taking pictures. It gives us pleasure. Part of the fun for us on vacation is taking pictures of new things.
So I'm racking my brain.
My knee was bound in an ace bandage and I could walk without limping, but still.
The third period is going to be uncomfortable and I preemptively hate it.
"RUDY! RUDY! RUDY! RUDY! RUDY! RUDY! RUDY!" Come on, gimme more [NAME].
What song is playing? It's so familiar but I can't place my finger on it
That’s exactly me! Remembers all important conversations. Also me: what did I do yesterday?!
His eyebrows are too precious
[NAME] are you me? Like I was relating and then you said rot in Atlanta traffic and the pains of 285 burned into my mind.
Honestly Quadriga has been pretty decent, can't fault them for the bank struggle, that's just how the Canadian banks have been towards this space.
> since their shorter you has more significant impact My shorter me has more impact? Wut? Genuinely confused here about what this means
You can see they actually blocked them since the last message is green. That is so messed up.
This happens all the time when guys pick me up. I don’t know anything about cars. Just tell me the color
Wow, season 3 is actually out already. Need to check it out
@hdfcergogic yr customer care exec r unable to pull information on l&amp;t insurance #horrible #service #beware #renewal #horrible #service #beware #renewal
That's fucking horrific defending from Schalke
I think you may just be an asshole/moron bud... sorry.
Damn. I love peppermint.
It’s fake
Thanks man:) great advice!
If I remember correctly, you can't edit a title. I'm not on the official reddit app though.
And yet nobody bat an eyelid when it was [NAME] who was palling around with [NAME]. I wonder why.
I’m interested in the tactics and positional play lmao ;)
Haven’t seen that movie either, haha.
Ya got a good life... *ya got a good life...*
She went from normal mom to ~~[NAME] amazed by balloons~~ [NAME] really fast.
money always talk. i want more to learn from this lesson.
I probably would have upvoted it for effort.
Those not a part of the Austinfred bashing hive mind at the other sub will find themselves here tomorrow. 🙄.
The 12 days of Christmas is a bizarre song. Don't use it as a gift giving guide, you crazy idiots.
Oh, no wonder I like her so much!
Hahaha! Yes.
Happy birthday [NAME]
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. George S. Patton\n#quote #motivation #entrepreneur #motivation #entrepreneur
My teeth were marred by braces, and I hated the sight of them.
They dragged him away and he looked very disheartened, defeated...tears streaming down his face.
I was/am the same. I'm the one pushing forward with the divorce though. The feelings of loss and fear are overwhelming sometimes though.
Describe in single words only the good things that come into your mind about your mother.
Insane dva player nice
Haha, I love that! :) I'll see if he's interested now
Definitely, my favorite Trager moment.
*pounces on you* uwu you’re so warm
Mental games. Take a (mental) shot everytime the teacher mispronounces a word,or messes up grammatically
That’s what I meant, sorry bout that. Never fold AKs pre
But everybody got mad when Russia recognized [NAME] as US president. Go figure.
Thank you! I’ll contact you tomorrow! :)
**YT is not above the law.**
| At home sick... 🎼The blues🎼 won't cure it so I need ideas 🎸😭 | #sorethroat #sick #blues #music #fallweather #carletonuniversity #ottawa #sorethroat #sick #blues #music #fallweather #carletonuniversity #ottawa
Sounds good.
Omg.........so true. I found that out personally. She was flirting with other guy's online @ 3 in the mornings. Wtf😟☹🤣
Tonight the sweaty hands of the air held me down And closed around my chest The geese and ducks could barely move against the coagulating water That thickened and slowed without a ripple.
When I think about Yondu &amp; his crew, Rocket, &amp; Groot doing 700 jumps to Ego planet, I start laughing.
@ShiraChess @UMinnPress Congratulations on your book. It looks tremendous!
209 comments and we don’t get to read any? All that good pasta advice going to waste. Shame.
I remember seeing her twitter profile when it all went down and she was a rocket
@StephenKing\n\nStephen King never once spoke out about how the Left crushes #FreeSpeech in publishing world.\n\n#Trump #horror #scifi #ccot #p2 #freespeech #horror #scifi #ccot #p2
Interested in Carlton stuff.
Thank you ! I thought it was funny guess no one else noticed it or thought it was funny:/
Ah sorry about that won’t happen again
She was a surrogate. [NAME] fucked the force which created [NAME] in schmee
Again, that + is going to make people not want to do this deal.
not just "got hurt" but nearly stabbed his eye out!!!
Is it bad that I would actually probably buy that? Those come in handy for defrosting windows.
No problem! Glad to help.
Those are separate issues from the sample size.
Wow, is it March 24th, 2018 already?
Sometimes we have to take the best of the situations 😄 and move on... Thanks
Jiangxi leaders, are you asleep? I can’t sleep. Please do something—my area is clearly low-risk, yet we’re under blanket restrictions, forced into isolation even though the nearest risk zone is dozens of kilometers away! Why can’t we go home?
# 5 at the end of that clip... Teammate love
Start the convo...don't shy away..mental illness abounds in society including our workplace...be informed... #tsdoffsite #tsdoffsite
Optimism and emotions got us into this mess in the first place ffs. At least clarify why you are optimistic.
Our local ESPN radio will play commercials for games that happened the previous week all the time. So amateur.
The [NAME] story is pretty amazing. Excellent stuff! My ears are both firmly attached. Thanks.
@daynutrition @sliqnicq @nytimes I don't listen to White Trash talk about blacks. It's insult. Talk about your race living in trailers
I could feel my heart breaking into millions of pieces.
Your sister is a heavy sleeper.
Which is why not only did PR lose but RUP was not the first choice sadly even if it had won in BC :(
The waiter obliged though and did box the salad.
I've long completed everything I can and spent all my fight money. No Kage for me
What really? I cant believe no one has ever said that before! You may have saved my life.
Unfortunately there are also far less/weaker unions now too
Already did that, but looks like it's the end anyway. Cheers for the advice
She is too
Thank you 😁
Here’s a little update lol so far I’ve had 3 matches today and all of them were “cam models” lmfao
Black self determination and Black separatism isn't the same thing... thank you for proving my point.
You seem way too defensive, dude.
About every direction, down gives you the same problem as up and every other direction is less effective to escape.
It did! Good luck on yours!! -[NAME]
I pray that I won't have to change my clothes.
I apologize, that sincerely was meant for Askreddit. If you look at my history you'll see that's where I always post. My mistake.
Girls screaming alone gives me horrible flashbacks
People have ate up Dorions lies about it. It's such gaslighting it's amazing.
Are you kidding me? /r/subsithoughtifellfor
Fox News attacked [NAME] for a fist bump. The absurd attacks were directed from the very top of conservative media.
i got a labrador puppy for my 4th birthday, greatest present ever.
That’s a lot of eyelashes to be losing
You just said selfless acts were impossible and possible in the same post...
The video just shows an Asian face—so you curse China? To you, all Asians are Chinese? Korea eats dog, Europe eats dog and squirrels, Australia eats kangaroo, Europe runs the biggest fur trade—why ignore them? Where are the animal-rights groups?
She likes sending nudes? I mean, just go with the flow and see what happens.
Get the hell out! I will need to rewind this. Held her hand?? That’s scandalous.
I absolutely agree 100%.
If any trump supporters and Hillary haters wanna chirp some weak minded, pandering liberals just tweet at @EmmyA2 @snickerfritz04
No point trying to hang on to players who are not committed to the club. If this is true then good luck CHO, all the best.
If he wasn't diffusing the situation then why did he go in between the two groups?
Every september I used to get a wicked case due to fluid in my ears caused by allergies.
If we're able to continue picking off the most corporately-funded candidates, reps will naturally move left and we won't be faced with the ever-rightward creep.
Good luck and Godspeed.
That's great to hear. I hope you get it, and have many years with that job.
Everytime? So 3 times a day you rewatch the bloopers and deleted scenes? How often do you repeat, probably weekly?
This guy should go to HELL
@POCX100 Please don't sulk over your defeat. Come on. Head up!
10 steps ahead? More like 10 billion steps ahead
Do you have any non anecdotal stuff to say or? Also burden of proof is a thing, you made a claim, prove it or fuck off
I want a pizza flair!!
We had a clown banging on dorm windows, on campus, with a knife in 2016. Was terrifying.
That's how Catholicism works.
I really love playing him and going against him. Legion is overall my favorite killer. I respect everyone hating him although I dont understand why.
I really wanted this to be a real sub.
As an aerospace student, congrats on Mengtian’s successful launch! I love this field — hope to leave my mark among the stars someday.
If [NAME] gets 350M+ from anyone we should be glad we didn't get him.
I am annoyed by autoplay they added on hover - and commercials would make me drop the subscription instantly.
Guns go off accidentally all the time. Don’t point them at someone unless you plan to kill them.
See my response to your other comment, but I'm glad you have conceded that your original response to revaniteanime was incorrect.
I am having fun haha :D *creeper mode on* jk lol
damn, Now THAT's detail.
He’a establishment trash. I despise [NAME].
Society started going downhill at exactly the point where I became negatively affected by social change.
Was that an inglorious basterds quote in there ?
It's like a car wreck. You can't look away.
Unsure if OP is serious or just being sarcastic. I can't decide?
Hiya! 😃
If a cop is going to pull a gun on you for no reason at all and threaten you, you should be able to merk his ass and walk away.
Thanks for the info, not gonna risk the ban.
They were clearly ready for it. [NAME] is in [NAME] head.
but this has been going on for months
@HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump @BonfireLana #bully #Bullshit #fullofshit please take out the #garbage #bully #bullshit #fullofshit #garbage
That's my impression...I'm pretty new to Reddit, but I've been told that it hides comments once there are too many downvotes.
This is the most high school post I’ve ever seen on this subreddit.
You think this really happened?
Nah i’d say that it’s reasonable enough to be in mildlyinteresting.
YOU BLEEPING NEED ME! YOU CAN'T MAKE THIS SUB GREAT WITHOUT ME!
The fact [NAME] met her at the airport should tell you all you need to know about why they did it. What a farce.
I disagree — talent’s innate, effort is virtue, but most people work hard; returns often don’t match effort. Hard work doesn’t guarantee wealth, love, or dreams — without means or visibility, effort’s just self-comfort.
@serendipity127_ @zombiecalorie @Angel_Eyes66 I'm sensing a theme here tho lol
No. Let them earn it. And THEY ARE and WILL CONTINUE
Someone should make a religion out of this
Yes. One of her fingers is getting a sore on it and there’s concern it may push her into needing braces.
@hesham786 that's the spirit #optimism #optimism
How about this lady with her barn owl on her shoulder? u/lola_birds are you sure about that?
A hearty Jonza! to all my friends and follower.
It's shameful how this sub sold out to Big Broccoli (TM).
Opinions? I mean that's just a statement.
The Birds is probably not quite what you are expecting.
I like your rant.
Not relatable I am not cool in public
Not necessarily. His parents divorced when he was one year old.
Damn, women really are helpless little sheep, aren’t they? Best us men protect them. /s
idk what it is either, I think it’s because he looks like he plays in slow motion, but it works for him so idk
I don't know who the hell that is, but I will gladly upvote your post because it's not a stupid driving rant.
@B4caferacer I see things in  the clouds that others can't see so I can
You got any more of that weed?
Not the right sub, I'm afraid.
Do not be discouraged by a slowing sales market. This will test your business model and pinpoint #strengths and #weaknesses.' @Ken_Dunn #strengths #weaknesses
#panic Panic attack from fear of starting new medication #panic
Alternating between verbal abuse and neglect, nice. Why aren't you rushing to make this man a grandfather and include him more in your life? /S
Intelligence is to know the difference between MB and Mbps. Wisdom is to not be a cunt about it.
Ask yourself every day: \nam I ruled by fear and hatred \nor am I ruled by love and the sacred?
US labor laws are fucked up
[NAME]. Snap me good baby.
Very surprised he didn't frog leap at the guy the close the distance
Pretend you are the lead in a movie. You will probably get laid, confidence is everything. Bingo bango, great night!
Being at the airport is so depressing.. watching all the loved up couples and cute people coming off holiday,too cute..hurry up November ✈️
True but I think that's what the other poster was thinking at least
P o R Z I n G I S
Meh, it just keeps players from diving in taking stupid damage. (At least it should.)
They should get checked for everything. No reason not to.
I'm 31 and didn't even have my first cell phone, period, until I was 20. This is just more anthropological fake news.
I don’t recall EVER being so excited about next year!
or just more competent.
I don’t think so. The rest of her profile was completely serious. She had photos from art museums and discussed politics in her profile.
I’m as terrified of Mr. [NAME] just as much as any sane person but I don’t think we should *burn* him...
You love your joke!
I'm so sad.
Youre being dowmvoted but you are absolutely correct. I have a feelingnyour downvotes are more a sign of the obesity problem than anything
That mantra got me through my first 5 years!
I'll take the downvotes and agree with you. Some of the ugliest looking things I've ever seen. Absolutely disgusting aesthetic.
Fucking right let’s go [NAME]
On PS4 it's very toxic. I would imagine it is the same over on Xbox One aswell
Your previous typo makes your position on the matter slightly ambiguous
Louth is just an auld patch of muddy water you wade through to get from Belfast to Dublin.
Literally work almost everyday can't wait to start my PT #blessed 🙏💙 #blessed
@NahteWilly @AFP that was neither intelligent, definitive or useful shall I name call or would you like to expand on how I have offend you ?
Why cant [NAME] get a call these last few games?
Same here, she left the house we bought and is giving me till the end of the month. Woooo
Danger noodle!!! Danger noodle!!!
These made up phonetic alphabets these cops use drive me nuts...
You. Are. Awesome. Also, congratulations on the baby!!!!
I'm all for finding ways of reducing gun violence but this seems to just be arbitrary and capricious.
Yeah... major design flaw.
Ok im om the hunt thanks
It was the dance of my heart.
Fantastic, good for [NAME] white. Poor [NAME].
Dahua Ziyuefu community, Panyu, Guangzhou — during full lockdown, outsiders repeatedly entered a building on Nov 28, likely isolation residents. This is a residential area with many children and elderly — placing quarantine here risks outbreak and harms residents’ safety and life.
I got a NO RESPONSE again from an #irate customer of #amazon 😞😞\nwhy can't they understand that it's not always amazon fault..\n#carrierfault #irate #amazon
the fuck is wrong with this guy
@danhirtle @Bell Another unhappy customer.  #secreteyes #secreteyes
In combination? Also interaction my Bipolar meds + blood pressure meds almost killed me. I now have very choices in meds.
Do something to challenge yourself. Maybe something you’re really afraid of
You know they just blamed the neighbor who defended themself.
Have you tried taunting for 90 seconds straight?
Raise them early in the way of the Braves! Congratulations!
> I miss frequent, monogamous sex enough that I miss a relationship very much. This is really the core of why I want a relationship.
I love it! Guy in front can steer, can't propel. Guy in back can propel, but can't steer.
You can be a good writer or arguer and be absolutely retarded
Your commenters — their IPs reveal everything. Anyway, in Guangdong we don’t insult people with “Diao Mao” — it’s not in our vocabulary.
Dude theyre in a fuckin hospital. Take them their food.
Idk if I skimmed over it 3 times or what, it doesn't say why he did it. But I guess we'll never know?
Nothing was explained — how exactly did they suffocate to death? Was it the “charm water”? After one bowl they couldn’t speak, then another bowl — why couldn’t they talk? Was it throat swelling from the ash in the charm water?
Imagine what kinda bitter person you'd have to be to seek out that sub anyway. You've basically lost as soon as you in there.
Can't believe [NAME] has been in the league that long...
@Theshadeshit91 \nOh, I'm sorry about it, do not be sad yourself there is nothing important in the world to grieve about it
great ideas!
Maybe Streamlight Strion if OP wants something Fenix PD35 sized? Havent used one myself but have heard good things.
[NAME] instead of [NAME] for me, but glad to see [NAME] is doing well.
Can't believe people like this actually exist.
Nothing should be off limits.
Oh that's disgusting, this man should be sent to priso- ohh, it's America, ok then, feel free.
For the sake of sexual contrast.
Those are some fine looking pills.
just end the friendship and go meet more people. You're just prolonging the obvious.
Why is this still not banned
Natural or not monopolies aren't good.
every day i have to think in my mind will this be pleasing to God. my decision making, the way i react, treat ppl, speak, am i pleasing God.
No he's right, and you're deflecting from his argument.
That's what I can't understand either, what were they expecting by knocking on the door?
just because someone is born [RELIGION] does not mean they have not explored other religions too. Not everyone practices blindly.
Talk to a psychologist. Sorry but they can help if you think you have a problem
Never go to the post office. that place is hell. pay commercial plus online and order every material you need.
Yes but they deliberately ignore what the Bible says and give their pagan traditions more authority than they do to [NAME] Word the Bible.
I have never either, boyfriend does repeatedly. Saying that I each much more fruit and veggies whereas he basically just eats meat and pizza
...this magical creation I believe was called the ‘Cheezboiga’ pizza. Oh and that’s not hot sauce.. it’s ketchup.
We weren't just husband and wife, we were best friends (i thought)
They remembered [NAME]
Great thread for more humblebrags. Can't have enough on this sub
All those statistics are nonsense. There has never been “true” capitalism.
*shitty piece of fat
He’s not a young offensive mind and that offends people.
The stories where he meets and talks shit to [NAME] are some of the best!
@News24 #FMF protesters aren't interested in reasoned debate, just #intimidation #violence &amp; #disruption to get demands met #fmf #intimidation #violence #disruption
Don't let loneliness get in the way of growth. Grow my man, grow!
Ok good points but you didn't address the issues faced by [NAME]. So you agree with me that losing as [NAME] shouldn't result in lost elo?
And getting offended or furious that a writers style isn;t to your taste is ultimately daft, I suppose.
That's really the only standard of your life, whether or not it makes liberals furious? Sad.
Maybe divorce is a little extreme but I really dont know how to Express my feelings, and she doesn't get that
@LizYank This comparison makes me so happy. #flattered #engl678mu #flattered #engl678mu
You are ok.
Nice post here, dork.
What else did you expect?
She's only 52
it’s so weird to wear a blazer and khakis on a visit like that
too much internet
My nuts hurt watching that second part
That sums it up perfectly, but for a lot of people it's still the worst mgs... So you can tell it was very risky
Clear Sun Yang’s name!! Severely punish those who framed him! No principles, no bottom line, all for selfish gain!
> Out of curiosity have you read The Great Partnership by Lord Rabbi [NAME]? I have not. But I do listen to his parsha podcast.
I know! So relieved.
I didnt really think about having a wife as an object until recently in a bout of frustration induced fantasy.
@DaltonRapattoni sadly i have to go to bed now don't announce anything while i'm gone thank u i love you
I'd heard that too, but always thought their differences were more artistic/professional than personal... Oh well, people grow apart. We still got Aquemini.
The fingertip save against [NAME] in the Champions League Final shootout is forever etched in my brain. What a legend.
I just saw the same, apparently she upheld her views in a 2016 interview.
For real. I can understand holding the enemy in a useless area, but people gotta keep their eye on the ball.
I like it I just wish he’d drop the m and apostrophe
My dad visits relatives near noon, eats then leaves, bringing back half the gifts — what’s the point of such visits?
I didn’t know you existed, but I’m thankful you do
Said it all year, I think losing [NAME] hurt this team in more ways than we'll ever know.
BALL DONT LIE.
"   best friends ever since
We must know if we are to be betrayed or abandoned
Strip him. [NAME] for the belt.
Omg I forgot which is good 🤮. This almost topped the steak in the butt cheeks. Almost ☝️
I feel like a burden every day that I waste but I don't know how to get out of this bc I get so discouraged all I wanna do is lay around 🙃
I hope these young women change the church and not the other way around.
What?! And you’re not a vegetable?! /s
I hope my advice helps you. It's worth it. :)
Is this just fantasy
Yeah I figured it may be something like that. I was waiting it out too.
Normally drop n roll. In this case I would remove my clothes because I doubt rolling would help.
Is there a legendary dark star skin? Does the kayn one count?
Confidently guessing how the INTP acts to things wrongly can really trigger them. I remember when a friend called me bias and I started acting up a ton.
Best song about [NAME] honestly, what a bop
You’ve got the slight shit-eating grin of a long-tenured predatory priest with immunity due to inside dirt on the bishop.
Ok. Hang onto shit you can't change and be whiney about it. This is a reason why we catch shit. We can't take it
One wrong kick can end oh so horribly
That grudge you're holding keeps making an appearance because #God wants you to deal with it. #god
Ohhhhh yeah.
Wow that is one part disgusting and another part a huge waste of time for expecting an entertaining payoff. Warning, this video also includes spoilers for the latest Avengers.
Kill whitey!
That goat is a bro I'd prolly try to buy him for where ever he came from
So what is then, the race of western peoples? You're treading in very problematic territory friend
If [NAME] doesn't drop a [NAME] tribute tonight in his intro I'm going to be hella disappointed.
I hope they bring him back. Last year was awesome
I want it. It's so cute
or a horrible night of 15/4/4
Yes!!!!! THIS!!
That one guy barley touched the car and it stoped
I’m still not sure how we managed to do that. Gas prices in this state has gone up around 70 cents per gallon since around 2013
Any more comments calling me SWERF for caring about sex workers will be blocked and reported I s2g
seek to conduct attacks against Israel, intended to provoke a reaction that would further inflame feeling within the Islamic world”. •
you are an angry glass of vodka
That Burberry?
Thank you! That is the goal!
lmao it's true. I'm cracking up about it.
@eugenelaverty @WorldSBK all the best Moto GP is loosing a very talented rider #shocking #shocking
@chenaidavid easy, breezy, beautiful rasta mon
Omg rattos are the best aren’t they<3
You will give her your arm and next day she you will give you the cold shoulder. Please just run!
True , when this song started playing, I got my first “ Gone Fishing” signature. Loved that game. Thanks for sharing.
Ugh obviously that's not what I meant, what I meant is that *socially* if they have a sibling that they do not need humans *socially*.
The thing is, they've whipped themselves into such a rabid frenzy, literally anything less than the apocalypse is going to be a bit underwhelming.
Not necessarily. Simply giving both of them the legal right to choose to *not* be a parent would create equality within the constraints of biology.
I adore your quiet nature and clear eyes! I adore your feigned indifference hiding a fiery heart! Because it’s you, only you, forever you! 💚
You can't control what happens around you. You can only control how you react to it.
Well done! Keep it going mate. If you’re struggling reach out to whoever you can!
gifs on iOS10 messaging app are hilarious.
When are the Blackhawks going to play again games that matter? :(
I think they are leaving it up because they know they can't delete it.
I know what you mean. I'm actually looking for a [NAME] irl. That's hard to find...
They probably take slight step back, by that I mean still the best defense in the league, but closer.
Do you remember if [NAME] was carrying a white piece of paper? Oh yeah...you don't forget a thing like that...
@ticcikasie1 With a frown, she let's out a distraught 'Gardevoir' saying that she wishes she had a trainer
I'm glad you managed to find your own fun and most probably made a big contribution for this great ending. The whole masked rogue idea was amazing
Thanks, I guess.
U would be right. Oh yeah yeah
@Zen1dfabflake You are all our angelic comrades!
Going to jump sides 2nd half lol
Guys! Read my #fanfiction if you like #lost and #housemd I have one of each #tvshow -link in bio! #fanfiction #lost #housemd #tvshow
She doesn’t want me to pay. She also doesn’t want me to have any input.
Ah. Will to Power vs The World as Will and Representation. My googling got me so close yet so far.
Obvious satire lol
Dad of two boys. Still find this unsettling. My oldest kicked me in the head one time while I listened for him in the womb
I’m already deaf. It’s not that bad. Hard to imagine how easy it would be, being blind.
@alpuzz Ah, but once I got it to work, there was much rejoicing! Lol thanks will get it to do taht now.
Thanks I needed that.
Thank you for providing an unbiased & sensible opinion.
@eNCA what they should be doing is directing their anger to the thieves in government...#corruption #FeesMustFall #corruption #feesmustfall
Strict with locals, lenient with foreigners — ruled by sycophants. How can we have hope like this?
But the seriousness makes it funnier. YES HELLO 311? SOMEONE IS WRONG ON THE INTERNET.
Oh I wish. 40.
I love the aunt. Hope she doesn't back down.
Yah he is right, just find it hypocritical.
Was just in the Grampians over the long weekend. Haven't been there in 20 years. Still love it.
"Eh" Love it.
Dumb people. Poor person. The wolf was the only one who wanted to help!
Uh huh hyuck!
Purdue's worst loss is Notre Dame (93 Kenpom) New Mexico is 187 in Kenpom. Good try tho
Grateful for all the hungry people in my life! Hungry to learn, change, grow, help, etc - not sure anybody has it better!
Oh yeah. That character could have had potential if they let him develop properly
I was really hoping Vikings would get a bear mask but this also looks sick! RIP all my steel
Any #entrenepuers, #start ups, #SME's out there looking for proactive #accountancy, #tax and #business advice? We can help. Get in touch. #entrenepuers #start #sme #accountancy #tax #business
What did I do wrong to see this Weibo post? Can marketing accounts at least follow some basic storytelling logic?
I'm sorry, but this has also caught my attention and I kinda want to see this screenplay.
I wouldn't say that publicly. The guy is still alive and he's coming for you
What did Barbie Hsu do to be compared to them? If flash marriage is wrong, she and Wang Xiaofei married right after meeting too.
@BenjySarlin @MargieOmero @MonmouthPoll not to worry, he'll flip Wisconsin
You have a minute to win it. Every second counts!
i actually laughed at that lol good one man
Mother Nature dropping mad beats out there this morning. Just wish they wouldn't shake my shower stall while I'm standing there naked.
OOF. DEAD ON
Omgg yes [NAME] precious
I am generally a happy person. If you like to pay millions of dollars to semi-literates to represent your government, it's up to you!
I go to sleep unshed tears burning in my eyes.
I don't know that [NAME] is the best choice for dating.
No, lots of people in that area do that. Hire someone to do your taxes because it'll be a nightmare and so will your commute
That would look enormous if [NAME] ordered it!
Yes. Those are all the words from the gif. Good job guys.
OLD can be a dangerous place. Gotta stay safe somehow!
I wanna see [NAME] up there 90 points let's do this
Amazing. Professional athletes doing what they're paid to do.
She gets genuinely emotional sometimes too. I love it. So refreshing
whats on his story? I dont have insta
What? The non-vegan burger air particles have clearly infiltrated the once-pure cardboard. It is absolutely NOT vegan >:(
>cat beby the fuck is wrong with you
Why? I don’t think I’ve ever seen someone not like [NAME] irl or here. Witten I can see though.
Spa's Absolutely love a spa. A proper one with a variety of sauna/steam rooms etc. It helps that they're usually full of women too.
No one in particular....i mean to people who believe that [NAME] and [NAME] are actually in love.
Old Hu talks big — “China’s most popular political blogger”? Is he really that popular?
Really? I was in New York last week and had to stand in the freezing cold to pump gas twice.
Invisible Monsters is amazing. I'd say it should be made into a movie, but that would be difficult.
Mate honestly what you had was a serious relationship with her, for all 13 years. I hope you heal up well.
“America’s sweetheart”?!? No wonder the rest of the world hates us...
Either way, awesome night.
Pro-tip: the Press misleads you about what is wrong in the world.
Just Kontrol Freeks since my strike pack died. Going pack to paddles when I get the chance though.
You say only other escape but it's almost guaranteed to save you and makes [NAME] way safer than any other assassin
Thanks, I really appreciate your advice :)
Not my sub not my problem
Posts like these make it more and more clear how creepy [NAME] is
Yes, I had to drive about 2 miles to the restaurant but I only waited 5 minutes.
also, [NAME] just brutal here.
[NAME] for sure. I really hope we don’t lose [NAME] though. He’s basically our ace for the moment.
That was a perfectly crafted joke and I see nothing wrong here.
If parents did that, they’d hate it — once exposed, everything’s confiscated. Unless they kill themselves first, life matters more.
they dont pay shit
I think this is the only place on the internet that is happy with this commercial hahaha
Interesting my bodies blurry but I wanna dtW that
Yep. Been there. Watching my baby crying while vomiting and her eyes looking at me so hurt was hard.
It’s a cruel thing to say to someone with depression.
@Just_Alasia I agree. Btw, have u seen Ep22, Granger, O?  That was the episode when I knew Anna was coming back, the conversation at start.
Mother’s Day is the worst.
The hike was absolutely gorgeous with thousands of wildflowers blooming and waterfalls tumbling down the side of the gorge... and the view from the top was stunning with the river meandering out of the Gorge... the world resting at my feet.
🙃 back to school aka back to social anxiety 🙃
Astonishing. I've read about these people but have never met one. I am so relieved for you that she is out of your life.
Love the [NAME]. They have a great dynamic and it looks like a genuine friendship.
This is peak Dundee.
I've learned everyone in this video is an idiot
Troo, troo....worse eban dan eat pizza wif aht a ferk.
Great. Then he can levy a fine against person who took the photo.
satire /ˈsatʌɪə/ noun the use of humour, irony, exaggeration, or ridicule to expose and criticize people's stupidity or vices...
Virtually no happiness anymore, exhausted with trying, meds not working properly and just tired of it all.
Asking the right questions You can't do that on reddit tho
Why did you expect to feel comfortable? What have you done to change?
Dude was using his power and leadership to exploit women. This is gross.
@vivaonline Oh schade 🙁
since the last episode of fight for my way is airing tonight &amp; taekook will probably watch it together, do y'all think jk might take revenge
Although every moment you suffer will last more too...
This was a beautiful moment for the FT coming together
[NAME] pnr play has not been good, they are defending jok and letting him get to the rim
Try reading up. Not going to play these stupid games with a butt hurt Meltzer fan boy.
After all that i expected it to not look terrible. Oh well.
Only 7? Wow he's slacking. He must not have very faithful parishioners.
Two forms are meaningless now. Thanks to the staff, but no need to issue more — we’re responsible for our own health.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @its.finfin #lively #musically #lively #musically
Ah yes, [NAME] forbids us from judging those of the higher castes. It is known.
The best thing to come out of this result and today’s other games is that 6 point buffer to 5th
me: wow today's such a good day \n*an hour later: burns food, gets sick, spills boiling hot water on myself*\nme: never mind
Still starved for human interaction, I say okay.
Can't even put on dress pants now without turning back and checking for my parents.
I'd love me some JVG, but not that [NAME] freak [NAME]...
My heart immediately hurt.
If you want an OG Dragon Ball rep then throw in Roshi
Damn, this one sucks doubly so considering all the positive threads on here today.
It was righteous
[NAME] gets way too hyped around here
Jack torrance can be nice
Then I would greatly appreciate a concise yet informative rebuttal on what I have wrong, Doctor.
Can confirm, I have 2 (but be careful as you may still be allergic to their saliva)
**I can't believe she held out for a full 24 hours before flip-flopping**
What shouldn’t be lifetime? :)
That’s anecdotal
Does she really need to pout all the time - getting on my nerves #GBBO #gbbo
That’s nuts about the digging. I wish we had better dog boots that fit them more naturally than what we have.
I took a marijuana doobie this evening around 5:00 p.m. after my dinner at Country Kitchen Buffett and I am now tripping.
Go back to class and show you're English teacher yore post. They'd have notes for ewe.
If I hear "not sorry, [NAME]" one more time, I'm going to start disliking [NAME]
Are you happy at your work?
Thank you Burger King! Source
I just HAD to tell at her parents and pass on my misinformation! 🙄
uh, i don't see the correlation between tons of rape and murders in Georgia and the rich needing to be taxed more, but i do agree.
By taking it as a nonserious game you don't need in order to enjoy and have fun with it.
Sorry what, seriously? Who decided that shit, that wasn't even [NAME]?
I read that too and was nowhere near as useful as being that valuable.
Hey now!
I'm sitting at 7.5 Do I do it?
So where are all these [NAME] lining up to be landscapers and farmhands for minimum wage?
[NAME] was my first Jersey as a kid blinked and he was gone
With 8 million we could buy eight 1 million Brazilian/Argentinian players and hope 1 or 2 of them are good.
Yeah, right. [NAME] can marry [NAME] for that matter, as it seems only his genius is keeping her on the throne.
Those other people who gave the second one to the boy are pricks. The girl obviously loves hockey more.
Why is [NAME] me though lmao
Shouldn't be getting downvoted that's exactly what I thought the motive was
Stop posting! Give them medicine! All this talk is pointless now! What matters is fever medicine, fever medicine, fever medicine — for adults and kids! Look at the hospitals’ entrances!
Thank you for the advice. I was thinking it was envy, and I needed some place to get advice from some strangers.
and there goes any hope.
its even worse because the starter kit is like $70 too right? So in reality she probably made closer to $30
Gotta wonder why Caller Max listens to the show in the first place if you so incense him @MSignorile
The EU version alone uses USB-C; all others use Lightning. Only 10,000 EU units made—rest are Lightning elsewhere.
Every movement of the body below my waist caused pain, in such a way that I could anticipate it and, with a bit of understanding, even cope.
Right now I’d have to say [NAME] new restaurant UB Preserve is my favorite place to eat. So good.
I cringed and flinched. That’s a bad day
If we shoot by accident we don't keep feeding him when we see he is using siphon that give terimuns a barely a single clamity shot
Ah, yeah. That's the trouble with anywhere that isn't London/NYC, especially if you speak English.
What a sad post. I cannot believe people actually follow their advice.
*price hike for [NAME] only. I dropped Netflix last month because of it.
I saw that twice last year.
Couldn't agree more
Today, I ventured to swim class where Reese spent the entire 10 ( to maybe 12 ) minutes we were in the pool softly crying, almost whimpering and licking my shoulder.
Why is that a concern? Their not language students nor are they part of an international language program.
I don't think you can find a better support line in contenders than alarm and elk. absolutely insane and clutch it's unbelievable
because it's fun
Sounds nicer than Missouri. Or missour-uh as the natives call it.
Kinda sad but... Okay then
That's my stomach. my plate unfortunately has a boundary
Every buyer paid for that dance clip — that’s exactly why the livestream was shut down.
Can't wait to die so I won't have to hear [NAME] breath in my ears 100 years from now.
Weird. He's like the one capitalist in this sub that I feel I've had substantive conversations with.
So now we know what it takes to get a wall
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter. -- Mark Twain
You're And no this post was on the front page, I would never subscribe to such a petty and pathetic sub.
As a non-legalistic [NAME], I wholeheartedly agree. :)
I got a lot of withholding to throw me into anxiety.
That's the best part, I can't even imagine to live forever with my shitty body
They can quarantine us but if they come for woofers we riot.
Yep, they expect you to revolve around them, but think they’re exempt from returning the favour.
Insulting [NAME] for being captured is good praxis
Im glad youre going to be a perfect parent who never makes any mistakes. Make sure you write a book!
Yes... you little crybabies call them fascist too? People who kill fascists are fascists right?
That's gonna be the upvote party of the year.
"Police are on their way, ma'am, just stay calm."
Exactly. I have yet to see a plus sized model without a blemish-free, conventionally attractive face.
Credit where credit is due.
What song was that earlier ? It went oooh oooh ooooh oooh oooh oooh.
I'm glad you got the help you needed. Sorry we couldn't help you here.
>Yes: the native [NAME], at the hands of the European settlers. Laughs in [NAME]
I hope Dallas gets close and loses in heartbreak.
His hair looks fucking horrible 😂
That was painful to read.
At this point I am confident that my neck could actually heal completely which is unlike how I felt about it previously.
In shock and was more concerned about my kid tbh. Now off course I wish I'd sued the arse off her for emotional distress.
He gave Meng Yu a bank card, told her to take care of his mother and child before joining the inspection team — would he say all that if nothing were wrong?
@angrydwarf9 @carolinesandall It ruins my frigging night each night at 9pm. Mrs loves it, i've been early to bed for a month. #dreadful #dreadful
Epidemic prevention law is just decoration. Police don’t enforce it, letting offenders spread disease — indirectly encouraging them to break through checkpoints.
Only ever attracted to other non binaries? Homo simply means "same", so for a nonbinary, same would mean nonbinary
Now change the guys face to [NAME] and you are golden.
The level of protectionism is insane. This just allows Baidu to expand its monopoly.
😭 I wanted her to be on the top 4; now we’ve heard plenty of times [NAME] mentioned so pretty sure ain’t gonna happen
Sometimes, you have to smile, pretend everything is okay, and just walk away.
Yes absolutely extreme levels of anxiety reaching the sheer terror phase tbh. People have no idea what I go through
He's been pretty open about their very legal and very cool bromance
Love that car
I understand. Just know that I'm here. I've been through hell and back. I am happy to listen to anything.
Wow yeah similar to my story what a nightmare :(
Bisbee is a weird place.
Er - I have to leave quickly, because things might stay the same!
Everyone calling you out but not if you’re right
Good for you for shutting that door! You are not responsible for him. He’s a grown ass man who made his own mistakes.
cant wait to go through a rebranded version of this pain again in college too
Played Divinity as well. Is Atlantica what I was describing? If so I'll give it a shot indeed. Is it still alive?
Ah ok, good to know thank you much!
oh my, the edge. i bet he comes with a pre-selected punisher skull emblem.
Yea the refs weren't terrible all game or anything
Yess! Some of my favorite lines from the trilogy. [NAME] killing joke monologue still seems very relevant today.
Oh btw this was me yesterday, commenting on that "ugly" ban!
I sent this to my mom and she actually watched it
Do you believe it? Think anyone does? Isn’t it embarrassing? Persistently releasing fake data — self-deception at its finest.
Whoever the mod is that removed this needs to rethink their priorities.
@MLB @JoeyBats19 Sam Dyson is probably having flashbacks right about now. #nightmare #nightmare
I’m sorry you’re dealing with this too. But hopefully it helps to know you’re not alone...?
This girl wasn't molested. She was a young (legal) girl who thought it was cool to get with someone her dads age
You're the best kind of person. I hope that you find great family and friends in your mother's family.
I suppose it is quite frustrating to have someone telling you the sky isn't blue
Heppy birthday OP! hope you get your favorite cake/dessert! 🎁 🎂
That's the stuff of nightmares right there
More excited about the pick than [NAME], but might be nice outfield depth in time.
Klokslag 12 I find really enjoyable, horror movie podcast, Im not a horror fan but I find these dudes very entertaining
And I'm really pissed the fuck off because I do a good job of keeping my kid well because I don't like to see her sick and sad.
OMG my [NAME] hates it too but she does it to me all the time
Oh this is just too easy....just log into your account and start posting anti-feminist and anti-Zionist comments...your account will get nuked within the hour.
He's a dumbass, but he is our hot gamer dumbass
Calm down or we need to call the Senate to take further actions.
I swear I got anger issues but my heart big AF...
This is hilarious. Great work🤣
Because love is a lie and there is no happiness in the world
[NAME] shot that shot with confidence i like that
I hate that if I don't start the conversation, there won't be one.
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.' - Abraham Lincoln
No one drinks Old Style
Swear I got the most playful ass bf ever 😂🙄
There is no excess. Everybody gets what they agreed upon. Fake news.
There always seems to be some genuine dislike of [NAME] whenever [NAME] talks about him.
Yep, that's my daily commute.
That weighs heavy on the heart, I’m so sorry for your loss
Trust man down here where I live it’s Stardawg, Silver or Amnesia hahaha, I’ll smoke almost anything tho, enjoy my man.
This is incorrect. Taiwan was regarded as an island of no importance.
If you have the ability to make someone happy or to make someone #smile, do it! The world needs more of that right about now. #CreateLove ☺️ #smile #createlove
Stupid democrats!!!!!!!
Respect from me for his acting abilities! Underused, to say the least.
@RealPaulWalker R.I.P Paul, furious 8 can't wait
Another L on the board we just cannot match up on paper with these teams at the moment and its showing on the field. Onto Denver #revenge #revenge
I think you're confused I'm asking for upvote posts of women complaining that men are bad. Not men complaining about women.
Oh, they're as real to me as [NAME] to me man. I don't leave he house without throwin some chick bones first.
" best friends ever since
You mean Ichigo/Nero/Black Ranger/I'm a Frog. Did not know that [NAME] voiced [NAME], but it does exsplain why he sounded so familiar.
All these soldiers taking a load of their feet... I feel ashamed for my homeland !!
I didn’t think about that side of it, thanks!
I bet you are. Btw, wtf is PNW so next time I'm there I'll know to hit you up
11 out of 14 in our family tested positive — kids burning with fever, elders vomiting and dehydrated. All self-isolating at home, enduring. Since it’s open now, at least ensure proper access to care!
Saying Guangzhou is xenophobic? What a joke — local students barely speak Cantonese anymore!
I thought I was the only woman who felt this way. I'm glad I'm not alone.
Right like interacting with each other having a normal evening? Ugh they’re both so trashy I’m sorry.
Everybody is just temporarily embarassed millionaires
[NAME] who? Sorry i only know short haired [NAME]
Oh she'll most probably die in that route for sure. I just hope she doesn't get a lame death, that's all
No it's because we're ugly, short, and ethnic
You got a reply you walnut, as the guy said, plenty people collaborated this info.
You're right, thanks for pointing that out, I've edited it now. Carry on.
The spark leaped through his body into mine, and then out my hand to the cart.
It’s more of a vibe tbh I love playboi carti as much as I love [NAME]
Not interested. Old, slow, not a scheme fit.
Best number! [NAME], [NAME], [NAME]
Mate she looks like a feckin quality street
Yeah. Whose fault is that... maybe the terroristic Gazan government stealing all their money. I’d say that’s a safe bet.
Watched tna for the first time in a long time what the hell happened to the #hardyboys #impactonpop #wwe #terrible #hardyboys #impactonpop #wwe #terrible
Realize that no girl is perfect for you if you're not perfect for her. I feel for your disappointment tho. Keep on truckin'.
Hey man. A lot of people have criminals in their family. That doesn’t mean they are I think you need to take a step back
@_j_sa_ switch out Steve Carrell and put in Kurt from glee then it's accurate
I was going to say is there even such a sensor? Turns out there is...
That’s a very precious word from [NAME].
Why do you feel like you have to figure out what life is alone?
Not sure about other places, but ours is fine — yet online people act like we’re villains and attack us.
Ouch, my heart. I never even thought about this...
Okay I kind of misread that as “be with him”, but my point still stands.
I like [NAME] and would like to see him back, but he still makes me nervous at a high price too.
@City_tv  is like the big bully in class ruining everyone's lunch but instead of taking our lunch money they took away family feud
oh [NAME] what did i do
“We only let him jump around for 12 hours a day!” Wow. I’m so sorry this is happening to you.
Why? They deserve it.
I wish I could retort with peep show memes about nazis and pints now. Haha! Cheers
Where are [NAME] and [NAME]??? Time to kick some butts!
the thing with Twitter is i only remember to tweet when i'm bored or alone and then it comes across like i have a really dull and sad life.👽
Things should happen for a reason that serves a story, not because "wouldnt if be cool if ..."
*hello. I need a lawyer FTFY
2015 was a year where either player could have won, and they'd have a pretty much perfect case.
The Swiss court’s overstepping—can it really overturn WADA and CAS rulings?
That's why imo [NAME] death is better.
I work at an R1 university, with most of my team composed of CS/CE undergrad students. Yes, I've known many...
LPT for controversial thing use bing. They dont filter as muchas google.
Yeah, no blanket rules — but which office actually speaks up? Just commenting without action — pure hooliganism!
I only use freedom units, sorry.
She was trying to flee after hitting one of them with her car, nonviolently trying to stop her is fine .
So we can forgive her a little for burdening Dunder Mifflin 😂
Thanks for the tip. Just sold 100K
errrrrrrrrr that's pointless, and your Doctor I'm afraid is pointless as well.
How incredibly dangerous
It’s all good man, I missed [NAME] too. I REALLY hope we get another dream sequence with him in EP4.
Just like that great historical fact about the [NAME] head being used to mark abused women's shelters in ancient Greece!
You can try, but I suspect it might be a waste of time.
Nobody wants to fight the naked guy.
Just wanna boop that T I N Y B O Y E on her snoot and hear her Bork Bork Edit: we don’t preserve dogs
WOW THATS SO INTERESTING It happens to me so often that when I hear a new word I anticipate it but it all makes sense now
Love this! Laughing while crying works too! #katherinemansfield #failure  #dealingwithfailure #katherinemansfield #failure #dealingwithfailure
At least people don’t say “I’m taking my talents to...” like [NAME] did in the decision.
Which is a huge shame since it took place at Wrestle Kingdom. Hoping he has a great reign filled with good matches.
Great. So increase prices 20% overall, give the waiters the extra money. I'm happy with that. 20% is a great tip.
Has Medicaid stopped? Most people I know who support this want Medicare or Medicaid for all.
Made me chuckle.
Interesting to point out cognitive dissonance while also showing that you possess it when it comes to the president!
@LindaFrum sadly, at least 3 more years of this. At what point will even the low info selfie lovers who voted for them say enough is enough
Along with Pete Seeger and Jim White, BSP was one of the first shows that S ren went to ( out of my belly ).
This guy looks like an extreme feminist with a man’s face
They aren't horrible in the least bit. Just learn from your mistake, remember, and move on. That's all you can do.
I saw it when it was at the Mackintosh Church in Glasgow, it’s pretty impressive.
He does kinda suck IMO Doesn’t mean Venezuela should be coup’d by the US
You insult the late Sherri Martel
Ugh yeah it’s really tiring. I’m in a public place right now and just had like, 3 mood swings.
I get soooo nervous when an actually attractive guy tries to talk to me in person. Like 9/10 I turn him down just from habit 😭
Unless he has actually threatened to or used them against you I think you're over reacting. Ask him to please delete them.
Mine do this too and it melts my heart every day. Such pure love for each other.
Thanks for the laugh
Good morning! Welcome the new day into your life and your heart #mindfulness #smile #zen #mindfulness #smile #zen
You have a talent use it, take your time would love some pop kids melodies etc subscribers will come for sure
Thank you all for the insight.
i guess there is nothing wrong if i say "May [NAME] grant you love, guidance and happiness" And yes, that was directed towards you
The #chiropractor makes me so . #chiropractor
Shabbat Shalom! Thank you for sharing, I really like your videos, keep up the good work!
@finkowska just rejoice if you get paid for it.
So when a 22 week old infant is born premature, does that thing near worthless morally?
Thank you for your wisdom, [NAME]....
I don't like [NAME] this season but she's always been a favorite before. Am I the only one? She has an edge that seems unlikable
I really want to know what the coordinates he gave him are
Chelsea and united must be furious
@beautyfulli_ami that guy in the back of your picture is hilarious
!Remindme last year
**LOVE TO HEAR IT B**
That's a shame. Well good luck
We love our murder queen
Wow, you must have no idea what medium of exchange means.
Hmm, is there a "buy drink" feature on reddit? Lmao
💥⚖️Yeah‼️ PAUL‼️⚖️💥  #glorious #BB18 #glorious #bb18
That sex doesn't exist and we're all just pretending for his benefit...
Fond memories of one guy having a tub of ice cream for dinner!
TheNiceBot: melbjs ;) Here is a smile and a wink from across the web. #TheNiceBot #thenicebot
I mean you should stay subbed to Pewds for obvious reasons.
OMG! 😂😂😂😂
Yep - did so for Jane the Virgin and Lost.
I love this community. These mag fest memes have been so strong.
Suffice it to say, I understand why you want to build one, although I disagree with both the solution and how you arrived at the conclusion.
[ @TheChicMystique ] — hurting badly and that he can't just leave him like that. Angry and heartless. ]\n\nI promise you that I'll be back, —
I agree with the last paragraph, it isn't there fault the other side didn't want to participate though.
Well hot damn
Oh, give me a break, it was worded like an insult, clear as a day. A mild one, but still.
I already have used one, really helped
Lol he was actually roasting OG fans that lick his arse, not [NAME] himself. Take the upvote.
Our org did him wrong. I'm still a fan of his.
I would love it ... how does the chat thing work I’m pretty new here
Can’t enforce it? Did they inform them of China’s epidemic control rules? If transmission occurs because of this, is the railway department not responsible?
Hahaha this is great! What episode/season is this?
My stomach even started giving me fits.
I tip my invisible hat anytime I drive past this dealership. What an unfortunate surname.
Long straight hair on the face is going to look quite odd I would guess.
Hopefully [NAME] is still hot
Thanks, man!
It wasn't on my shoe anymore.
That's a bingo!
smiling through the stress :) :) :) :) :) :) :( :( :( :( :( :( :(
I agree that you need more time in the later turns. But most games it feels like people wait until it is their turn to start thinking.
I need to know the backstory on this!
Social norms that are immoral ought to be broken.
But he's relieving pressure. Just count yourself lucky he doesn't cough when he farts.
As I got close to it, I realized that my handlebars were not going to fit, but it was too late to stop or turn.
I can't read Korean. Out of curiosity, what are the others?
How awesome ! Of course now the baby has THREE sets of grandparents. Extra bonus presents !
I lost my blinders ....
I’ve let go of the past, and will keep moving forward — I’ll walk with him for a long time.
You're a [NAME], wizard.
Never happened to me. Seems it would feel weird.
Thanks to the way our society has perverted it
I remember hearing a story about this type of highway camaraderie once from a trucker who helped a woman escape a man... wonder if it was your mom
You have inspired someone to create something that is liked by others. Is v nice feel.
Omg I love that. Coffee in bed. A nice omelette and then another roll in the hay.
He’s not wrong, I’m not sure why he’s being downvoted. He’s having an awful year
Yah, I'm a bad girl. In fact I'm bad at everything.
I don’t think that can happen here.
Wtf Powerhouse Macomb is the gym I go to. I've never seen this dude there.
Biggest Welfare Queen in the world!
You spend time in The Donald, do you not understand irony?
Can't make negative comments about her on here dude. Downvotes incoming
Dude I spit after this comment. I haven’t laughed like that in awhile.
As the ocean roiled and seethed sturdy arms lifted my head, bidding me to simply breathe $ `` Breathe! ''
[NAME] and I, we're gonna have a hell of a time!
I think we still have a decent shot at the playoffs because the hornets are also really bad but I would rather miss it and tank tbh
@InvacareCorp has provided tremendous support for the 2017 CEWHA Nationals as one of our Conn Smyth Sponsors. #2017Nationals #Ottawa #2017nationals #ottawa
Losing the will 2 live with @virginmedia business bb gone down on hold for 23 minutes &amp; whoever picked up cut me off #fuming #NoWorkForMe #fuming #noworkforme
Just imagine Disney characters without gloves. Yes it's that horrifying
I think sweaty is hilarious in the context of r/forwardsfromgrandma which is where I see it 90% of the time
If that happened then I wouldn't mind if [NAME] left
I don't care about him at all. 😤😤😤
I'll help hide the shovels beforehand
I feel like this is coming to NV soon as well, and I’m not so sure about how it will go
Congrats, darling! That is a monumentally meaningful accomplishment. I'm both happy for and proud of you <3
I really hope I don’t ever experience a mid life crisis at all. But if I do, I at least want to act my age.
Laws don’t apply when you’ve got money. Sad but true.
So many freakin' softies dude.
>testing teenagers for four mystery roles Oh good lord. This is going to be even worse.
I've wanted one ever since [NAME] dual wielded them in Bad Boys 2.
> if nine out of ten girls were going to reject me, I would approach twenty. That sounds like a threesome
Logan Square also has the most rats (or reports of rats anyway)
Uh... [NAME] team was playing vs Chichatronco's one?
Daaaaang I bet he had a headache after that
It doesn’t look cool
Couldn't agree more. The fact that all the fans are feeling for the breakup means that she managed to create and develop characters we genuinely care about.
Dude I remember liking [NAME] better. I don't get how kids can have crushes on other kids.
All the young people are so bitter about how the older contestants probably know how to make Bakewell Tarts 😂 #GBBO #gbbo
I got undifferentiated androgynous, just slightly more femme than masc, which, honestly, sounds about right as an AFAB nonbinary person tbh
i agree he is pretty average but the guy i was responding him was calling him ugly which i find pretty ridiculous
Am I the only one with parking sensors who still manages to reverse into things? #nightmare #nightmare
Brown envelopes can induce panic. #posttruth #posttruth
The remix is funny man.
You should've just slit open my veins and let the romance bleed away when you had the chance.
If I met a woman that loved me and I her, that stuff wouldnt cross my mind. Its life. You make it work.
How can he be cool? Pretty sure he has sexually harassed women.
Not too much, I’m talking to a girl right now that’s 5 years younger than me lol.
If you would do exactly as that kid did - then you will never get it. You’re defending a smug little asshole.
Well they called and said there was a pricing discrepancy and they could not honor it. 😭 sad day.
Every time I watch, I cry — nine days and nights of fire turned everything to ashes. So many lost their homes overnight. Without the soldiers who fought to the end, even more would’ve been displaced. The people of Xintian will never forget you.
Man, I can’t believe we traded all that and didn’t even get a top 10 guy
Candice's pout is gonna take someone eye out mate! #GBBO #gbbo
Let go or you will be dragged
I feel horrible. I have accounting today but physically and mentally am not okay 😪
This is horrifying
[NAME] had some pretty harsh words.
@JogglingDroid @BrancoCarmine @Otto_English yeah, #UK was quite the  #uk
>would of ......
I don’t think you know what competitive gameplay means Hint-I don’t mean a worthless number by your name
So disappointed in myself for spending £50 on an outfit for meeting a boy #noselfcontrol #nervous #noselfcontrol #nervous
Im a russian orthodox we dont have any fuqing "[NAME]" in our bible we have completely different saints and [NAME] hated sodomitss too
Public products: high downhearted price tag consumer survey sum and substance: OVth
> us common peasant imbecile [NAME]. At least you admit it.
Looks like a cool location.
There are tons of great places on the fringes where you’re guaranteed good loot and a vehicle.
That is utterly horrifying. I'm so sorry that your kindergarten teacher was such a heartless old bat.
Could you give an example? You're basically saying that you do MC but don't really say how :P
As a Broncos fan living in KC. GO COLTS!!!
okay glad you have bots cause whoops
Wow guns and ignorance. What else is wrong with her?
Oh wow! That's literally a game changer for me! I'm about to hit 3 digit hours and I never thought of that. Thanks!
>You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares. Hundreds of thousands would disagree with you.
AS..... YOU.... WISSHHH!!!.. Inconceivable! My first ever silver. Thank you kind stranger.
Honestly? I dont know. My parents told me that itd be seen as suspicious
Ok this actually happened to me when I was one bloodthirsty away from getting gold on my MX9
The Dandong government has always been a mess — a dirt-poor city that can’t do anything right. Even though it’s all one ruling party, the local government insists on special treatment, placing its own rules above national policy. Honestly, you should’ve checked Dandong’s entry policies before coming.
This makes things easier and compact and less fiery or burdened by the weight of sexuality. One releases in the transmutation
this is why I love reddit
Tonight's #DragRace #AllStars2 episode GAVE ME LIFE! Yaassss queens! #teamalaska #teamkatya #revenge #bwahaha #dragrace #allstars2 #teamalaska #teamkatya #revenge #bwahaha
When you make a great tasting shake and no words can describe it!😃👌🏻  #herbalifenutrition #tastesogood #nowords #herbalifenutrition #tastesogood #nowords
Still don’t know how [NAME] said him and [NAME] will be battling for years while keeping a straight face.
He doesn't seem like he has all the facts straight
Pfft. That's awful of him and her. They deserve each other then. Grab your shite and gtfo. Hope he enjoys his fog and dysfunction.
It definitely doesn't work if you give up.
I am mad as hell nothing is being done on her crooked ass her and [NAME] both. LOCK HER UP. LOCK THEM UP
That was an horrendous season to an otherwise amazing show
Time is always silent, gently slipping away — the first month of 2023 has already passed. No need for regret or worry. Winter’s gone, spring’s here, the cycle begins anew.
Wow there a lot to choose from for 10 bucks or less too
Yeah mate, was just being sarcastic. [NAME] after January is something else. But still, I'm happy for [NAME].
Thanks, going to check them out next time i make something like chilli
Don King...his actions really sadden me today...the word 'may not' have the same power to all as it once did, I still cringe when i hear it
Now it just looks like she has a cape...
@beIIrkes Es, I'm serious 23/8
Or, orrrrr. All Girls Poop Mindset Only video you need to naturally have confidence when you socialize All Girls
Lovely day we're having.
They have great chemistry and it’s a cool dynamic but it can’t take over the entire show
Expect a bunch of bugs as a reward.
I’m grateful I held onto this passion when young—it’s brought me to where I stand today.
Oh [NAME]!
What a political whore Uncle [NAME] is!
No, the ECJ made unilateral A50 revocation subject to good faith use, not as a tactical tool to gain a better deal.
Just in case anyone wants to know what [NAME] spent their day doing.
But you appear to think you have some amazing insights on how to handle a pwBPD. Have you considered the possibility that you don't?
I noticed this last night when rewatching [NAME]. Her daughter was easily 400 pounds.
> How can you hate your brother in arms? They managed a damn fine job of it in Weimar Germany.
By officialy adopting #BurhanWani, a #Hizbul terrorist, #Pakistan n #NawazSharif hv md a cardinal mistake 2day tht'll haunt fr years. #UNGA #burhanwani #hizbul #pakistan #nawazsharif #unga
I always say "Good Luck!" "Well Played" after winning/losing match.
Thanks So Much!
My nephews n cousins are nowhere near bad guys, but they could be killed @ any moment by a cop that thought they were bc of their color #sad #sad
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @broitzmax  #musically #musically
When hes nailing threes though its a glorious thing.
I won't ever be having sex with someone at a club. Nothing against one night stands though.
Send your story over to r/nice guys, they'll love it
Hard pass on this!
Naw let everyone underestimate us ::[NAME]::
The 1st 5 minutes of this game will be key. Hope they come out with some passion. Go Oil
Ive been asked this in a similar situation as well. Interviewer was female and i would bet it was female in OP's case too
[NAME] [NAME]
Now that’s impressive. Our fuzz understands what the knob does, but he can’t turn it.
Maybe they saw the look of ecstasy on my face as I sped up and slowed down with twiddling precision.
@WestHamUtd why does the ticket website never work? Trying to buy Palace tickets and it's impossible and says there's an error #awful #awful
I have an older set by what looks like the same artist. They look identical just with a few different players.
Yep. Seriously painful to read
I spent most of the day asleep in bed, and my throat hurts so much, it nearly killed me!
Your brother is in a freak cult that ruins lives. Forgive him but don’t listen to that bs.
Isn’t that the same as idols? I thought it’s a big nono for any intercession when it comes to [NAME]. I could be wrong though
There is so much I want to say. Keep [NAME] close. Don't judge others. Work in love. Take love there and bring love back.
Short answer - No she's not okay. Yes I think she does.
Just the name of it gives me anxiety
If [NAME] ever steps down, it seems like [NAME] would be the perfect replacement.
The weird eyes.
I just don't like our options in the off season.
You ever just find that the people around you really irritate you sometimes? That's me right now 😒
Thank you, brother.
Thanks man, likewise for you
Stupid is what stupid does - Gump’s Mama
I see the match, held tightly in my hand.
That's where your mind went? Most of us instantly think about Winnie the Pooh and the Hundred Acre Woods, man. What's wrong with you?
I want a steamed ham with a combo of an Eichel tower call or an Ultralord goal.
Reads like a movie script to me.
She said herself she entered a dance academy at 11 — that’s talent! Effort without talent may not make you the best, but it still gets you far. She says effort’s useless because she wants to be top few. For ordinary people, if you’re not aiming for that, don’t overemphasize talent — most haven’t worked hard enough for it to matter.
People who claim others lie often deflect the question when asked for proof. Grow up
You can tell the camp isn't happy purely through Bojan and Muni.\n\nBoth normally fab guys, yet completely dejected. Something isn't right..
nice to see that more special needs are out in the work force. go get em pal.
Just like the [NAME]. But nobody complaining about that.
Wee cunts playing chappy in my street, got my shoes on so I can chase and scare the fuck out of them
[NAME] is so immature.
You Libs. alhave you heads so far up you arses it isn't even funny.
*[NAME] misses his spot* "GAATT" in case u dont know what im talking about
.\nWe express our deep concern about the suspension of   \n@MohammedSomaa01  please reactivate it. he never violated T.roles @Support
Coffee is a nasal cleanser.
Don’t generalize entire areas. A friend’s neighborhood is still safe, no positive cases yet — it should downgrade soon. Qualified Hubei residents with green codes are being coordinated for return. The Hubei Chamber of Commerce and control departments are arranging free buses. Many in Guangzhou and Hubei are working hard to fix this — don’t lump everyone together.
In addition to poor judgement, she is incapable of admitting she is wrong and apologizing.
Great drawing :)
You just made me remember [NAME] is gone and that made me happy. Thank you stranger.
Yes. Some shows get canceled before they can even finish the season
Ok now that was epic!
Not sure why you got downvoted, it's easy to miss some of these brand replacement names
@BBCwaste I would imagine he'd shake them up a tad... @afneil
Didn't u just say ur new to this? Why are you speaking?
Yay, coming out is hard, you're lucky that they didnt avoid you for the next month, I'm happy for you
@TheDTSB @trubble1127 @nflnetwork I agree but our offense was ass after the second half td score on the first drive
@Uber_RSA when you click over and over again for a cupcake but there are no vehicles available... #sadness #sadness
Damn... 😑
Radio shake mutli directional mike it might sound cheap but the sound wasn't that bad and you could do some mixing.
I need a loop of [NAME] falling lol
"I LOVE YOU, I LOVE YOU, I LOVE YOU..."
someone teach me how to cheer someone up
David Cameron's jealous.
Uh...no
This is beautiful!
Only when I started to suspect I was shadow banned, so like a couple days ago. Apart from that no.
Out of curiosity, about how many students were in the class?
Still won the race though ha who’s a failure now
She can be crazy fo sho
Well one of them does anyway. His sister bites his ankles to herd him while he fetches.
I like putting myself in the girl's shoes so I love romances.
my sentiment exactly
@DorH84607784 Oh FANTASTIC, I bet it was super exhilarating  🤗😍
That would...hurt
‘You’re not so smart’ Wow what a murder /s Trash post
Ah, the ol' plurality of majesty.
People would still always parry them (600ms) :(
We do what we must
Agree, but the edits/deletions must hide something — repeated episodes clearly pad numbers after cuts.
Also how nonchalantly he hits them, like he's swatting a mildly irritating fly
Not really. They redefine the NAP and ownership until the people they don't like are now the bad guys just for trying to exist.
So just tell me I dont want to go look, was the video cut/edited? Or is it RAW? I MUST KNOW!
I'm tired of everybody telling me to chill out and everythings ok. no the fuck its not. I'm tired of faking a a fucking smile
Look forward to the detours because they bring delightful surprises. #lifequote #delight #lifequote #delight
Inner conflict happens when we are at odds with ourselves. Honor your values and priorities.  #innerconflict #conflict #values #innerconflict #conflict #values
I hope so, she could bring an interesting dynamic between [NAME] and [NAME].
Well good...opera is often beautiful..though it retains the stink of the upper classes.. I cant help but deride art that caters to high society to stay alive.
I get close enough to see the empty bottle and it starts moving a little.
I never even talk to my mom and I’m 40.
No more like he took away their talking point about paying federal workers. Lol salty downvote
On this blessed day, we are all KQLY.
Scariest part is when I couldn't move my body, with my conscious aware of everything and not being able to breathe.
I think only bc skilled players play her. Tbh I am not one of them
I’m from Ocean County and I don’t enjoy admitting you’re right.
You think that because youre an overly emotional child
So edgy.
Oh no!
Thanks, didn't catch that one!
Low life basement dweller buttcoiner says what?
I WaS KIddInG i loVE U lOLlOL
Live simply. Dream big. Be grateful. Give love. Laugh lots. - Unknown #quote #inspiration #happy #quote #inspiration #happy
I could feel it running along my neck until it reached my shirt and soaked in.
As every politics expert knows, there's an eternal struggle between The Holy Roman Empire and Nazis.
30 bombs won’t be enough for me to feel good running [NAME] and his career .291 OBP out there every day
I’m sorry, I don’t hear the excuses for harden post season success after he blew two 17 point leads in G6/7.
Make time for someone who makes time for you. Full stop.
It's 5:55am. I'm hungry but there is no food. #panic #panic
I'm sorry. That's awful
I will. If you ever need help I ain’t afraid to put some people straight just holla.
Saw it. Loved it. Wasn't hating on [NAME] man, was just commenting on what I was watching lol.
I do not understand why everything in this script must inevitably explode.
OMG THOSE TINY SHOES! *desire to boop snoot intensifies*
6. 5 minutes to perform and I'm #nervous I wish these noises would stop #handicapped #annoyed #nervous #handicapped #annoyed
I thought this was a diary that I wrote in my notebook! I'm almost exactly the same!
Yes I really miss his streams...the ONLY reason I chose adc as my main role was because of how chill chaox was.
@WHUFC_HUB @westhamtransfer @TheHammers_ I don't see any reason for optimism at this point. Just stringing together bad performances.
Man red dead 2 looks so good
@Irenelove83 heres what we can do, Get Brock and Sable to tag team mr and mrs AWOL and watch with glee
Pretty fuking sure exit scam..
just go google search, but some r real some r unreal lol
That sounds intelligent. Wonder why you don’t have a job you have to interview for.
@AmericanAir I am irate at you check-in system. I have tried to checkin all day and it wouldn't let me do it because I had no seat assigned
your outrage (your tweets, your jokes, your attention) is *exactly* what M*lo wants\n\n(this is not meant as a defense)
I hope they don't do that just to please pissed off fans who want everything to be cliché.
LOL get it guys the joke is necrophilia 😂😂😂😂😂😂👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
But terrible people is my "type"
@_iConceitedOne_  Hi! We hate that you're unhappy your bill keeps going up! What unique features do you want with your plan? ^RobertS
Sometimes those are the only options. Laughing makes other people feel better at least so that's what you gotta do.
Prove he harassed them. If there was actual evidence, I would imagine at least one of the kids would’ve put up a video.
I would watch that so hard. But I'm sure what's left of LuLaRoe and other MLMs will do whatever they can to stop it.
I can tell you thought this damp squib was an absolute dinger.
Not caring is fine with me, but I have to lie to my mother every time I say I love you.
Smokeys dad is sad :/
Winter’s frosting, autumn’s malt sugar, summer’s lotus soup, spring’s mung-bean pastry — none sweeter than your smile. If one day I say I miss you, it’s not that I start that day — it’s that I can no longer hold it in.
Digital Danites is the name of my [RELIGION] Devo cover band.
You ladies are awesome. Thank you all so much for your kind words.
Can someone tell me the difference? Sorry, please don't get mad at me...
I just wished they took [NAME] with them.
Wow, the level of evidence that you accept is more or less abysmal.
So this is the so-called “high-end international population” the authorities were eager to bring in with big money? These “high-end” ones can’t even understand human language?
Thanks for the gold
It was obvious with 5 min left coach [NAME] didn’t want to win this game
Some do, others say "Thanks"...
ASK HER OUT FOR COFFEE OR SOMETHING ALREADY! And while i wish things go well for you with her, next time dont wait for so many signals.
In my eyes 6 La Liga’s in a span of 18 years is just embarrassing
And I won't even get started with Hillary and her fancy fundraisers! #depressing #depressing
Careful, you are almost criticizing your god in chief. Your friends at TD will probably ban you for that.
Don't be mad, life is too short!
Oh my [NAME]...
You have no responsibility to your ex’s feelings. Do what makes you happy.
What a fantastic combover! What brand of comb do you use?
Hi [NAME]? You mean like what we say when the night manager comes into work?
I was in Buckhead waiting to celebrate in the streets. Ugh. [NAME] freakin [NAME].
[NAME] has always favoured [NAME] so I'd assume this means he's the next up, I just prefer [NAME] and find [NAME] a little overrated.
I thought they still had a chance until Cam Chancellor absolutely crushed [NAME]... All confidence was zapped
[NAME] is the type of point guard the Magic need. Efficient scorer, fast slasher, and great court vision.
But the right to not have your property taken away from you is a right.
That was around 5 grand but cheers and hope wherever you go in life keeps you happy and striving to go higher!
There would be a lot of sexual tension in faze...
Posting Onion Boy here is basically cheating.
> How scummy can you get? ricescummy
A shitpost crosspost
The Sorrow is grim reminder of how bad I can be at video games and how I could get a bit too trigger happy at times. RIP #MGS3 #mgs3
i love the word fret so much and im in heaven
Super boogers is one of the super weird and oddly satisfying parts of recovery imo.
Yes, thank [NAME] the wisest of [NAME] live outside your country
Aight thanks bro for the insight
Thank you! It will help a lot
omg ;; my boy heavy
It looked like a bad suit of pajamas on Amell... which says something about the costume design.
The time has now come that we have to combat this wave of #terrorism with the right tools of the trade. - HH @YounusAlGohar #BanWahhabism #terrorism #banwahhabism
Happy? Not really, but glad we can come to a conclusion to my offhand semi in jest reply.
Please stop using that term.
Read any [NAME] comic, he’s definitely super at tons of stuff.
Jorge deserves it, honestly. He's weak. #revolting #90dayfiance #revolting #90dayfiance
People don’t understand the word allegation anymore, or innocent until proven guilty.
I literally screamed uncontrollably for 3 months and ended up in a mental hospital.
Omg I did the same exact thing LOL
Yeah. Lots of clearly marked pick up and drop off areas and still people stop in the middle of the road. I dont understand it myself.
this kid is really good
... flat party and I instantly get bollocked about it.
@AdoreDelano ill be there... with VIP TICKETS! Can't wait to meet you. Never met a famous person i admire before!
Project stream?
No TV Party for you 👎
I think we should get married
WILL YOU TWO SHUT UP? PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO SLEEP
Pant full of turd.
And todsy the crips are up 3 points narrowly beating out the bloods who only rose 2.5.
the Bushes were good with the forces of resentment when it made them money and gave them power. Now that it doesn't they've changed tunes.
Lmao this dude sitting in an Iowa thread throwing shade on New Years Day with nothing better to do.
Wow, how did a kid manage to eat a whole watermelon over the space of 47 hours!
@alyssaxbeauty nightmare before Christmas
That is insane
No it's propaganda we because r/politics only presents info, true or (usually) or otherwise info that is designed to hurts conservatives and help liberals. Propaganda
Either way, he had threaten to burn my new place down, and miraculously it did.
Wish I was a kid again. The only stressful part was whether Gabriella and Troy would get back together or not. #hsm2  #hsm2
Honestly, same. I was miserable at my admin asst job.
I didn't know that communism was a subject
Proof of [NAME] love for mankind, beer and dogs. Love both and abuse neither.
Hey, everything is gonna be okay, may God kiss your weary face. Everything is gonna alright, let peace be yours tonight
Wow.. must have missed this. This is really fucked up if true!
Our village prosecutor actually made that joke when the judge couldn't read my ticket.
Couldn’t agree more, and glad there are folks in the media that recognize this
My brain screams at me as I force myself to sit on the toilet lid.
in what universe? lol the mr. blue sky cover is one of the best on the album imo.
"look at you... look at you..!" Oh, I'm bawlin.
Just goes to show it takes 0 skill to play that hero
well that's no creepy in the slightest
Mine is when my husband says our daughter’s emphysema is acting up. No, husband. Her eczema is.
Thanks, totally makes sense, just need to get out (and stay out) of my head =)
Who fucking cares. People have sex all the time. You're just an asshole for trying to to profit from it or ruin her.
Well that sucks. But still if you refuses the test you'd probably have been charged, which is worse.
Walk right through them! See way past them, and don't even hesitate running them over.
#Taurus will react angrily when she can't take being provoked any longer. #taurus
A couple of times I thought she was going to start laughing.
Part of me hopes this is a finely crafted [NAME] character and she’s actually a comedic genius.
I have a lot of unopened DM’s but thanks
I wonder so too hehe :D
Grant us pies, grant us pies.
It makes me mad when people steal them lol... chances are if you're nice I'll just *give* it to you
...silly walks
I'm working in a creative industry; you'd probably fair well.
Yeah, well your just jealous that you don't have a cunt like me.
When traffic is moving it is definitely not legal nor safer. I hate how dip shits like you spread false information on this [NAME] forsaken subject.
Their stuff is actually really amazing! Everything from brushes to lipsticks I've loved
Yeah, I probably should’ve gone ahead and looked that up beforehand. But the issue remains the same, even at that price.
I am worried about [NAME]. I really hope that his elbow is alright.
Because I am stressed out and need to take my mind away from the source of stress. That's how my brain tricks me into it.
@Gibberman10 @ScottHoward42 any of y'all remember when MLB tried a futuristic jersey those were all
I know the author tried to find a picture that emphasize wealth/elitism but they’re toasting with water lmao
I will, no worries.
Had a different approach today in London Town. Me &amp; @SharonSAtkinson chatted. Good ol' fashioned natter #cannotbeatachat #talking #laughing #cannotbeatachat #talking #laughing
Would love to own a deck like this 😍
I wouldn't volunteer a second honestly. That weather is not worth it, and neither are your coworkers.
Didn’t know he had his initials on his thigh pads too
yep, its still time based so 1st will be absolutely raking it in
Unfortunately if you’re looking for game info about the Detroit Basketball team your in the wrong sub.
Lol at the caption, but I believe it’s Netflix’s new original movie Close.
Fuck this team
Wait do they really have 500 people? I've always assumed they are an indie developer group of like 20 people.
No one has asked yet. So...how?!
Same. The low cloud is neat, but to me the emptiness of that area of downtown is what's striking.
Looks like Big trouble in Little China
Did you miss the other guys link? I noticed you didn't make a comment towards him, even though he posted it around the same time.
Thank [NAME] this was said, I feel 100% the same way.
On my first date with my now wife, who is an MD, she said she was intimidated by me. I think it was the suit though!
My question is for [NAME] and [NAME]: What would be the one piece of advice you would give to aspiring Overwatch coaches?
And even then why you think that the only puck should be given to the kid with nicest smile?
Send in Parking Pataweo. Guy takes no prisoners.
Yeah, obviously. But that the joke relies on calling upon how outraged [NAME] was that he was penalised.
Just take it easy son.
What happened ?!
@Chan_lfc10 @paul_rule @Nuttall1878 @DeadlineDayLive @Everton We'd be fuming if the hijacked our £8m move for a relegated full back 😡
Yeah, that's gonna happen
Reality is often disappointing
For the love of [NAME] gobget the tweezers!
Cancer is even scarier my friend. Let's just hug it out
Burn it into your soul
In silence, I prayed and searched my heart....
Man I love listening to [NAME] talk and I’d love to have a chat with him but he does talk some bollocks sometimes.
Edited : Sorry meant to reply to a post
S/O to the girl that just hit my car...not only did she get lucky w/ no scratch but also from being spared the wrath of sleep deprived Kait🙃
Not making many new NYC fans: "I'd rather live in Auschwitz than NYC"!
Woooooooahahhohohohohho nice one Bembry to [NAME].
C’mon, you know the DJ isn’t watching the game lmao
It’s interesting, especially if you do it every single day, but I’m here for it.
Tranlated: Wooooo be afraid of the spooky "shadowban" so don't do the thing that gets your message to a wider audience. Smh
No passes on skin color or class, yeah right thats why [NAME] is a supreme court justice right ???
Was really hoping for something about free aim in this update. Can't see myself playing gun rush against auto aimers lol
Someone with erectile dysfunction already can't (conventionally) orgasm. What the fuck are you talking about?
Link to article? I doubt this is how the statists phrased it, they tend to sugarcoat their oppressive beliefs.
Hahaha okay that actually made me laugh. Thanks man
The pink hats in here will tell us something different but we know the truth. Thanks for the comment
@HillaryClinton did you see the gleeful look on @realDonaldTrump 's face when criminal Don King used the 'n' word to denigrate Blacks?
Gettysburg is awesome, I've been twice. I want to go back as an adult! Have fun!
Have you guys played Vancouver recently or has [NAME] found someone else to cut his hair?
But there's supposed to be only one survivor, and they win the million dollar prize!
Actually fuming I have nothing to wear Saturday
I'd understand if it was because of his conduct, but because of money? We're the Yankees, what the fuck man
> 1 in 4 women will be victims of sexual assault. 4 in 4 idiots will believe this without proof.
And you can't really see the bottom part so that's probably small too. Really grosses me out
Glad you answered your own question.
She has started therapy with an addiction specialist. That is a hopeful sign IMO. Wish she had started a while ago.
That would be very cool and a nice non-HP bar visualization.
Now THAT is a murder by words!
I think they were planing to be tag team Rapists to a much younger you. I’m so glad you cancelled.
For the first time, I noticed their eyes.
Same, nights are by far the hardest. My STBX and I are living together until June and it nights suck.
Eh, that can happen anywhere. It isn't exclusive to Dallas where that stuff happens. Good luck tho.
Actually surprised it's still going. It was fairly fun from what I remember, albeit a bit rough around the edges.
Have a great weekend
It still seems dangerous
Came on her face and she told you? Wow disrespect. Either she didn't know how you really felt or didn't care. Sorry about your luck
Character-wise or fighting-wise?
got a screenshot of the interaction!
You guys can downvote me all you want, but this sub is every day looking more and more alike r/gameofthrones
Would you please link the thread about what cheaters think when they leave the marriage.
Wow! Congratulations on taking your sex life back! Nice to wake up and see such positivity.
All I'm seeing here is that you commited a brutal murder.
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. \n\n#MBMcLisse
Did they really have overhead projectors in the late 00s/early 10s? If so, how underfunded was your school?
its been ages since ive had shawarma my stomach is #rejoicing #rejoicing
Seriously? Then I predict iPhone 15 still won’t include a charger — Chinese brands, seize the chance! Huawei for Apple, Wallace for McD/KFC, Luckin for Starbucks, Putian shoes for Nike/Adidas — teach America a lesson!
Join Wattpad! There are many great books and it's free :) If you want "real" books, [NAME] is definitely worth reading.
True, so just basically everyone. It needs to be easier to get a gun than it is now anyways
Dressing room back bone is not somebody who always blames others for his mistakes on the pitch.
Nope, and they wouldn't let me leave the dog without paying.
Just thinking about all the stupid stuff I did as a kid makes me very afraid for my 5 year old.
No. I'm against the idea that one can "liberate" farm animals in the same way we can liberate human societies.
you should be super proud of yourself. super, super proud. you are absolutely strong, brave and above all AWESOME!!
#Trump ’s ‘Make America Great Again’ plan is exactly like the first 15 minutes of the #movie #ChildrenOfMen.\n\n#cages #terrorism #refugees #trump #movie #childrenofmen #terrorism #refugees
What are these other non stick options?
What's the source? I love this.
Whoever is breeding and seeking out these inbred animals is vile.
[NAME] because hes best survivor
Tbh the giant cereal bowl bath is about as least cursed as it gets. ...I loved that episode
Your mindset is the right mindset, sadly, it's easier said than done.
The Babylon Bee article makes me worry for [NAME] comic tastes.
starting a new trend lol
Omg I had to crank my tv because I thought it was just low volume
[NAME] saved by the very compassion in society that he is trying to destroy.
Thank you for making me spit out my coffee at my computer. This comment hit home for me. XD
*With Great power; comes great responsibility.*
The same part of roof bar (driver's side) are stolen from Grand Vitara cars. Let it be known. This is really #disheartening #brunei #disheartening #brunei
Dat trigger discipline though
I like that one that goes “Shield me from sorrow, Fear of tomorrow”
In other words, being a woman but not identifying with your oppression. How special
"We need to be careful about hiring this one"
How is this a racism?
There aren’t many beautiful things—like the breeze of late summer and your irresistibly cute smile.
Why am I gonna do? Stop the ant? I’m scared of him too
i can relate heavily to this
Another nipple man, we should form our own Subreddit
they should just stop broadcasting road games
Didn’t see anything about exercise or nutrition in there. Shits important
Get the app - has your combat record and recent match stats..don’t understand the problem.
Luckily the security guard is cool with me and let me stay.
Why is it ghetto, though? You could've used any other word to describe the house.
@KeithOlbermann depressing how despicable Trump, with no policies, campaigning on bigotry &amp; rancour can be so close, evil immoral disaster
If the goal of this show is to consistently find people with horribly annoying voices, I have to say the producers are spot on.
Lol dont mess with [NAME]!
Why would he get upset? Your husband was the one who went to PreCana classes and knows that using contraception is a means for annulment.
Sting is just too damn earnest for early morning listening.
I’m curious, do any other coaches do this?
You have been banned from the mickey mouse clubhouse for inappropriate behavior
Look at [NAME] and you should be good, he has a career like 58% GB rate
[NAME] here...that guac looks horrible
Lmao I listen to stuff that doesn't fit in any of these categories Oh, and grandson
Excellent work thank you for this. This is why I love Reddit.
@joeyskawaii i know i don't know u, but physiatrists are seriously the number one best thing for people with anxiety.
Omg [NAME] I can't stand Orange anymore after watching wentworth
Did you just say suck a fuck?
Every time, lots of people overwhelm me. I have light sensitivity to florescents so that doesn't help.
I'm so bad playing solo! I guess I need people to help me improve.
#Taurus, for the most part, you have perfect control over your Emotions and you are careful not to be so sulky around anyone! #taurus
I have his signature on my jersey. Lined up at Canadian Tire for it when I was younger. Happy retirement!
right. cause it's real. that's why she has to talk about it.
Yeah, I actually do really like the TD Centre. Love walking around on (non bone chilling Saturday's) and just admiring the city.
@kempicepoland don't think he did, and he didn't have the rucksack or laptop in his possession, murky business, on that note I'm away to bed
It's alright old man we're almost to your room
Hello my dear friends, I will be back online this Friday night. I miss you! #sober #sobriety #recovery #sober #sobriety #recovery
But thats for [NAME] and our secret getaway plan to escape to a better life, not this one. Lol
I don't generally find the CBO projections very accurate in retrospect. Some of their accounting practices and metrics seem error prone.
The current situation is one of cronyism, it doesn't represent a few market, which has other tools to deal with such things.
I pulled it up, still heard the gushing sound, so I turned my head, and the other one stopped immediately.
lol you think you can get 21 back.
I'll probably try this one day 😅
[My teeth were sunk down into the vein of the poor woman who had 'accidentally' had a small problem with her engine, just outside of --
Yeah , yeah you can’t change my mind , you’ll get there eventually .
What a pretty young lady
What? That's a classic " did you like it" parent move.
Never make a #decision when you're #angry and never make a #promise when you're . #wisewords #decision #angry #promise #wisewords
Man I’ve been watching too much Goblin Slayer lately and forgot what sub I was on
This guy also has scorching speed on the bases.
In Catholicism, old is good. Truth does not change with the times. Malichi 3:6 "...for I am the [NAME], I change not".
It was extremely sad ... because you can tell the reason why [NAME] is the way he is.
I think the biggest fucking thing is that apparently reaper has a goddamn family himself.
LMAO this person must hate me so bad to talk shit behind an anonymous account #awe /: #awe
use this to make you aim better than my bad aim :)
Happy New Year
We are on the brink, you won't wait long.
I think that's more a matter of character's personalities, I think, more than development. But for the rest, I agree.
When I saw this troll comment of yours it was 9 minutes old and already had 2 upvotes. Unusual activity for this sub.
Stay passionate and keep going. The road ahead may not be bright and smooth, but it’s full of possibilities. Love can outlast the years — protecting each other is more than just words.
Got to love the people who decry a two-colour view of the world by painting it all monochrome
Oii oiii, @Louis_Tomlinson !!  \nTHANK YOU for always making me smile ! MY BIRTHDAY is in 16 days. 🎉 Mind following me as a gift ? 🎁 X225,884
How hard is it to kill 9 year olds!? One of my favorite movies.
Glad you had fun! Your gf sounds like a keeper!
Can’t wait to go to the Kings game. Especially if they bring this level of fire.
I was hoping to hear this. I'm up for it I think. I'll download it tomorrow.
Happy birthday @iRidhiDogra keep smiling always.Wishing you a wonderful year ahead mam
An angry old person yelling at a retail worker will never listen to reason.
#ahs6 every 5 minutes I've been saying 'nope nope I'd be gone by now.' 'MOVE' or 'GTFO' so thank you for the #fear #ahs6 #fear
TELL ME MY FUTURE, YOU SORCERER
Same thing with Urgot mid. It looks absolutely trash even in LCK.
Its amazing how hive mind works...
Nothing but net. He got a few phone numbers then ghosted lol.
I love how serious and mad cats get when the dog starts messing around with them all playful
Would feel weird swiping right on a leftie
Way to go mama for being so supportive!
Pretty blunt/rude on his part. Maybe he felt bad for you and wanted to be your friend though.
The fact that this dude spent a good hard several working hours to get fake internet points from strangers tho
You are an old one!
I heard a fade in/out version of palpatine’s screech in my head just now. Lol
Forget the prison, use his own guns on him.
I love the “I’m sleeping” and then the realization
Wow that’s a fascinating belief
Ok for what it is fake or not this is fucking hilarious lmao
I had an ex who was [NAME] and a drunk and eventually got into crack
You look like [NAME] fucked [NAME]
It worked with [NAME] and [NAME] I guess. Not so much with [NAME] and [NAME]
@dynamicgaby @vinceScastro BUT did you get a FREE planner? I don't think so 😤  #CSUF #mofuckintitans #csuf #mofuckintitans
Your dad is a wise man
Yeah, a lot of people conveniently forget how devastating spacial apartheid was, and how permanent it's effects were designed to be.
Fucking awesome tournament to watch, well done WePlay, grats to Maggo. The constructed meta ain't that stale!
I like they think that it’s bad that we are thinking about the fucking POTUS. It’s almost like his actions effect us all
Braindead people blocking lane is pure cancer. But the most horrible part of your story is that you got stuck in checkline line for 10 sore minutes.. Wow.
Signing [NAME] and [NAME] is not fucking around? Lol
I’m sorry that happened to you but it’s I can imagine I know if it was me I would forever feel Guilt.
I honestly feel he doesn't want to over burden her so that she hails on him yet again.
I know plenty of [NAME] that look down on 中国人 Like they’ve forgotten the whole reason Singapore exists
In your logic, billions of people being less poor is somehow a bad thing.
I see you've bought into the utter fantasy of UK house price fake news The average semi detached house price is £227,912
None of which should provoke unprofessional behavior.
Yeesh, let her wallow then. You did the right thing in trying!
Doesn't change the fact that they shadowbanned a subreddit. Just because YOU think it's stupid doesn't make that ok.
i can also post pics of the receipt if anyone doesn’t believe me!!!
The one in WA state. For some reason Vancouver BC is really close to Vancouver WA. It's weird
I don’t think his clothing was so tight when he purchased it..
It seems strange to me that [NAME] is still unsigned this close to the season.
Probably. Someone posted something along that in the 90df sub when people were asking why [NAME] were shopping at an expensive furniture store.
Wait there are more psychopaths in this world than are diagnosed? Color me shocked
Wait, which ones can do it now? Seriously, I don't really know this one.
Grassroots officials often can’t go home. My dad, a township cadre, was stuck for a video meeting. Mom’s classmate in Civil Affairs hasn’t gone home in 3 days, no time to change, face pale from cold. Dad handles several departments alone. I wish he didn’t have this job. Do critics even know their hardships?
That sentence sounds extremely dissatisfied — like “94% of county housing prices under 10k? So lame!” That kind of vibe.
Weird flex but ok
She didn't say anything on twitter or anything im not sure how u know, but it's whatever she seems fine and it's her privacy
Id get fired to take a pic with the quadfather
That was truly disgusting
@fadedmerrell @MerrellMilitary @HibaDahibi HAHAHA ok ill back away #coy #coy
Congrats on the IP shadowban my dude
Her expression kills me. *WAKE ME UP, WAKE ME UP INSIDE*
THANK YOU! I'm back on planet Earth
Uffda. What a hero.
You absolutely should not tell her.
ok, so there are no checks client side, thanks for the information and all the best luck on the project!
>they mark agencies with a sense of history even if they look a little weird Queue Michigan State Police Cars
Finally somewhere where I'm just an average fucking person Fuck why am I crying
I honestly don't understand why everyone thinks he needs a rework because he's not "fun to play" in the worst game mode.
but in this case we are actually givining him somewhat of a trial first. big difference.
We love you [NAME]
@Rainbow6Game felt guilt from playing this game. #horrible #RainbowSixSiege #horrible #rainbowsixsiege
There’s a reason southern states have a massive teacher shortage. Please do yourself a favor a consider that before you take the leap.
This looks so damn cool! I’d love a shirt like this!
I never read it, but I sure remember being creeped out by this claymation version
Noooooo @GBBOUK without #MaryBerry will be #awful #endofanera going 2b so #lost @Channel4 have bought a #lameduck there #notallaboutthemoney #maryberry #awful #endofanera #lost #lameduck #notallaboutthemoney
Pure unadulterated hatred. It’s disgusting.
Oooo I love that theory! I hope we do find out her name one day
Hope this place will still be around in a few years time!
This wasn't exactly aimed at the national brain trust.
I don't care. It's adorable.
Underrate: underestimate the extent, value, or importance of (someone or something) I think your "correction" belongs here r/Iamverysmart
Oh man, how about when they played We Will Rock You to seemingly coordinate the "ref you suck" cheer. The crowd was awesome last night.
I’m constantly surprised that [NAME] doesn’t hate her.
My favorite kind of chilled delectable from Georgia. Sort of like candy apples, but crunchier.
I love listening to your singing with headphones—your deep, clean, crisp voice. You said it’s still developing, and you hope to sing both high and low someday. I think you’re already amazing.
He's great in Silicon Valley too!
This team is fucking embarrassing.
I met [NAME] and he actually DID give me 40 dollars...I worked at a movie theater near where he lives and he bought snacks.
@DreKnott You've got tremendous range.
Weird crowd.
@ZubairSabirPTI  pls dont insult the word 'Molna'
@Away_Label_Not True Indeed! Next time if these midnight hunger pangs worry you,then you can order delicious rolls from #TRC via @ScootsyIt #trc
This guy's YouTube channel is actually really awesome. He makes all sorts of epoxy art. His name on YouTube is [NAME]
I started with : - Anatomy of the State by [NAME] - Economics in One Lesson by [NAME] - The Law by [NAME]
Yous offered the guy a contract and he rejected you. Probably couldn’t afford him lol
Like [NAME] and [NAME]!
She's blindfolded too! It's like they're trying to write a shitty remake of Blackadder with these cunning plans.
If you make them get out in this. You deserved the fucking ticket.
You wouldn't like him when he's angry....
Will I offend you\nif I am truthful but kind\nor will you see why?\n@baffled #haikuchallenge #offend #haikuchallenge #offend
OK sweaty, have fun in ur collapsing Union while I'm restoring the Empire xoxx
That’s good but why would you waste your time on a crappy team?
It’s spam
It's a contract / vendor management position more than anything
My first thought.. Girl your eye makeup!
Holy shit he hit him hard
Wouldn't it be easier to find 10% then multiply by 2?
We still luv u
Alright then, I'm glad to hear that. I hope it's handled in any case.
And [NAME], would again like to apologize for any misunderstanding.
> 333 Brothers and sisters are here now So much cringe.
'It is not uncommon for #people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.' ~ Eckhart Tolle #happiness #live #people #happiness #live
Whoa, watch out everyone, Mr. Moneybags over here with 20 pairs of smart wool
My blood pressure Edit: I'm just happy to be here.
When your body says FUCK YOU BITCH, You ain't sleeping\n #sleep #cantsleep #drained  #sleep #cantsleep #drained
If [NAME] hands the presidency to [NAME] do you really think the public will be more accepting of independent candidates?
Beautiful!!! I always accidentally miss the 45 S exit at this location.
Does anybody have a serious answer to this?
By the end I was I hysterics. Not a single reply from the wife too.
Lmao bro.
I just wanna use all those fancy shields I keep yanking out of hoplites' hands.
@Gibberman10 @ScottHoward42 any of y'all remember when MLB tried a futuristic jersey those were all #terrible #terrible
She is still a billionaire. I guess stupid Tweets are going to bankrupt her?
She thought the fuel pump was cold and decided to try warming it up. You know, to prevent the gasoline from freezing and causing blockage.
By his comment I would say that he is in fact, a simpleton. So, too late.
Dont worry, as you get older that will stop working or possibly even cause anxiety.
Can you try rewording that?
The breeze and I are but passersby; though the galaxy is full, you’re not there. Yet the breeze and I are free — stroking stars and crossing galaxies.
I guess so, worst case scenario we actually rebel and fix it ourselves instead of hoping for someone to save us.
That’s horrible. I’m probably going to donate to them I can’t imagine not missing out on a season because someone stole.
All these threads are being brigaded hard. They're not even trying to hide it.
Nowadays I get nervous watching Steelers defense. Back then, I couldn't wait to see what they'd do next.
You're not wrong. We move better in a chaotic atmosphere rather than a structured one.
Last night my stomach was hurting and today I have a horrible headache. I can never win
thats life lol
Poor baby :( I hope the snake is doing ok
Shipping container? More like an entire aircraft carrier covered in it.
Thanks, i will try to look into possible causes.
Thank you this is really inspirational
Everything purdue throws up goes in. Frustrating. Need to find a way to get stops or this ones over at halftime
I've seen this one, but don't remember the source. Any help?
I used to have anxiety when calling people but I no longer have them at least just 20-30% anxiety.
> punishment for saying no to rape Surely if you wanted to rape someone you'd have to punish them for saying yes...
**I LOVE YOU!!!!** *[NAME] has unfollowed you.* ...oh.
Looks like your typical blurry picture to me, but I’m no doctor.
That's an awful miss from Rooney.
Clearly I need to run for President so that I can blame all of my failures on my run for President.
Didn't concede yet but having a nightmare at the back #MUFC #mufc
Here, you are among friends. I wish we all could meet you in real life and surround you with smiles and hugs. Are you in Utah?
Damn, sometimes I love people here.
If I was friends with me I'd hate me SO MUCH with the amount I bully them
@airvistara as always it was indeed a wonderful experience flying with you guys today #bestinbusiness  #happyme #bestinbusiness #happyme
I got that reference
Except [NAME], he somehow defies any common sense and sometimes he comments here.
>And I could be wrong about my [RELIGION] faith but again that’s the point of faith. The point of faith is to be wrong?
[NAME] is so cute ^_^, the second bunny image is my favourite. Since you haven't got any requests... I request Himiko.
@Adrian_Specs Far from safe and staid I found it horribly OTT at times while everyone seemed to be trying just a little too hard. Not for me
Now this is getting out of hand. I'm freaked out by this death...and I'm God!! #mommaGrendel  #mommagrendel
Haha I don't know where you are, but I feel you
Online now !!!:) all day come play with me !! I'm happy happy horny playful sweet sour;)
Right? It looked wild AF for a baby shower lol
Try being a Cubs fan in the Bay Area. I was walking on thin ice in 2016 haha.
My experience has been the opposite. Younger guys are sweeter and try harder- without trying to wife me down. We just have fun together
Disgusting, I bet you he will never even be inside that apartment condo ever.
Yo where they at, I want to celebrate with them.
Yeah. It didn't even work, that's why nobody went crazy.
It's ridiculous that [NAME] has inspired way more people to join rather than leave but there are way more media articles by people who have left.
Fiddish baby [NAME]!!
You know you could replace republican with democratic and it would still be funny
@SkyNews err I wasnt gloomy.  17.2 mio people were not gloomy only #remain were #Brexit #remain #brexit
Wow man, that is DEAD. You have no marriage, just a roommate. Life is short, get out and find someone who meets your needs.
[NAME], thank you, for being a friend.
I REALLY love martini glasses. But not this much.
I'm underweight anyways, somebody hand me an English to (whatever language) translation book.
muh racist history! its all gone! no one will ever know about my slavery and being a traitorous vermin! help meh!
"They mostly vote at night... mostly."
@LeKingCoq @MistaAggy @GiovanniiDC The way my blood is boiling, little bastards!
We should build a pipeline! Oh wait...
Congratulations on your shiny spine! I really hope your boyfriend backs you up but even if not, we all do!
She may want you and your boyfriend out, so her daughter can take the bedroom. A family meeting might force her to be honest.
There is obviously love here. Don’t give up. Talk to each other.
i swear i've seen this on a poster somewhere at my school, it's awful
Mavs fans are mavs fans, who cares what they are later. Stop gatekeeping
Skin starvation is a real thing. People can actually go crazy without social physical contact. Take care of yourself OP. *hugs*
That they don't work for everyone doesn't mean they are a scam.
Downvoting because of a lack of funny, regardless of your clumsy attempt to insinuate that my doing so means I'm thin skinned.
Woah woah woah... people have different taste? Stop trying to give me some perspective!
The game will come out for the switch this year. Was wondering how they would manage the combat system. Now I know.
It a scammer not an undercover
Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk
damn you're prolly right. only character i actually hate is [NAME], i'll use a different word
Nice strawman. I can see now that you're not compensating for anything, lol.
Your dad is awesome
Let's see what [NAME] thought about it...
I will call the police if you dont stop harassing me
I thought I couldn't get more depressed about last game, but.....
Truly a beautiful story, 11/10 :')
I'm laughing hysterically at midnight Thanks LMAO
You are profoundly ignorant on this country. There is literally not one serious person who would contest the correlation between diversity and support for liberals.
@veroicone my typical shake is ~100g banana, 1c almond milk, 1tbsp chia and protein. Sometimes I add PB2 or ice or other fruit.
Ibiza blues hitting me hard already wow
Happiness is the best revenge
All the time here! Say have kid an ex wife and there poof gone!
You must have a different definition of exciting. Ivan v Alyosha aka atheism vs [RELIGION] is very exciting.
I get what you mean but still that's like mixing ammonia and bleach, it's not gonna go out well.
FUCK LES BRUNS
Ah ha!
Then YOU go right ahead...support and guide him.
myself that despite the absolute delight my children and I would feel having a kitten in our home, the misery my husband would feel is more.
This guy was my high school government teacher. This stuff is all classic to read about
We look like Hawks at this time. Good old days
Why not ask a friend to do that?
That was fun
TB12 is the greatest
While true, that's not what they're talking about here
Wow.
He's likeable but the pace of a game on live tv is too much for him. He'd definitely be better suited as a halftime guy
Thanks to me, my grandma now refers to to [NAME] as "the lizard".
Da Colts!!! Go frank go!!!
Kind of a lame duck President though.
The treatment is a series of injections. I’ve had them. It’s not significantly more unpleasant than the flu vaccine.
wonder if at any point #BobMarley ever actually became #afraid of just how #high he'd gotten. :o #420 #bobmarley #afraid #high #420
No this is [NAME]
wrong its because they know this is an orchestrated hit to stop [NAME] run what a joke
The only winner here is this guys future divorce lawyer.
Yeah, as I'm being resuscitated in A&E, I'll remember to let them know about my workers comp. #america #america
Ha! I like that one.
I'm curious, because this reminds me of where I used to go to school: What town is it?
Not sure if thats an accomplishment or something to worry about
not defending [NAME] - just pointing out *one* of the reasons folks may disagree with slapping the socialist label on anyone left of neolib scum
We know Verb. Wait a minute, you’re not Verb!
I use Lifesum too. I like the look of it more and I haven’t had any issues with it not working.
Because killing the same mice twice is very tricky
I'm not really interested in collecting them but I do enjoy watching videos of people who restore old hotwheels.
Son of a bitch... here we go. Can't just stand there guys....
That wasn’t part of my plan
Just go to a doctor/dispensary or call them on the phone.
@AKSongstress one of GH finest energetic #dancehall act #blessing in disguise 🙏 so so prolific 🙏 #dancehall #blessing
730,000 readers and only 6 posts in a week? Wow...
enjoy it and happy New Year!! I was at the cheesecake factory yesterday with one of my kids.. had a blast
Everytime I think my life is getting better it never comes through #sadly #sadly
Happy birthday [NAME]!
So, with my sporting boyfriend, we went for a few hours of under the sun getting splash in my eyes with water.
@carlymarierozy @makeupsue it's sad but now we are making our own children vulnerable to the same terror.
Or wait a few more weeks and try to snag one on sale after St. Paddy's
That sucks, I hope you find the finances to be able to go back to it someday.
If you're not helpless so be super easy to fix.
A decent sleep makes Kurt a happy soldier. Spit &amp; polish the converse men. chests out and baseball caps at a jaunty angle.
Scored madden 13 on vita for $20AU today.  Bloke didn't know what he had. I'd have happily paid $70 🤑 my only ever bargain! #bargain #vit #bargain #vit
Freaking hate cats (that are like that)
I'm lost here
I love how well 90dayF references easily relate to LAL. I hope you're able yo watch it.
They hated [NAME] since the beginning of [RELIGION], they treated them like animals
Welcome home [NAME]!
Oh sorry my bad, didmt know
I almost forgot about you for a minute
Just saying he could of said maccathy, kingsbury, or caldwell was his favorite. [NAME] had choices.
I think my worry would be if another dog attacks mine, they wouldn't be able to defend themselves
It gives me a weird feeling as someone not named [NAME]. It's a very heeby jeeby inducing phrase.
Not the entire party
Well damn I guess I timed this post pretty well lol
"So, I was grading your work and someone spilled coffee on them. Sorry for the mess."
@happyandbashful Flirt, simper, pout, repeat. Yuck.
make those damn lazy millennials find a job sooner /s
now i have a bad habit of wearing my heart on my sleave, and jumping to the possiblity of a girlfriend too quickley.
No use at all! Just got notice—anyone returning from Beijing to Zhoukou, Henan must be quarantined. What should I do?
Finding them, I whipped one out and put it in my ear, swabbing.
I don't know what you are about, but I love your enthusiasm.
Because Warlord actually has NO moveset at all and is literally the most boring videogame char to play.
Couples call each other insane and crazy from time to time. It doesn’t mean they actually think they are.
if we follow this pannel she is non existent and you are just allucinating, im sorry to bring the sad news
Hilariously wrong and uncontroversial.
cool, I never said anything about communism, that's a pretty wild non-sequitur
Nobody ever thought [NAME] was bad though
Australia? Edit: No, [NAME], but awfully similar to the situation here in Australia.
I mean, I'm glad that we support human spaceflight and that there were ghosts in the courtroom?
@GSchwartz_ it wasn't a joke .
Imma upvote the hell outta this. I’m saying this as a Flamer fan
don't provoke me after letting me down !
Uber is fun and cheap.
Lots of good memes here lately. I like that.
I'd buy it for a dollar, but I feel I'd be still encouraging them.
This is funny though.
Departed as youths, returned as heroes! The land is safe and prosperous as you wished. Honor history, salute martyrs — welcome home 🇨🇳
As always, chase dreams with courage, press forward through the long night! We’ll go against the current with you, be the light of hope, and love the best of him.
@thetwattickla @NottRihanna lol no it's sparkling wine
Only about 1/10 uses is appropriate. The other 90% of the time context makes it obvious and an otherwise good joke is ruined.
I'm so fucking dead!!!!!!!💀💀💀💀🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😂🤣🤣🤣🤣
ATM has scored only 27 goals in 19 games and have 38 points from it, frankly really outrageous. They keep shithousing a win.
Sorry bb :( I understand that feeling all too well, haha
Nice find!
News like this infuriates me — a 14-year-old dies because of parents’ ignorance, yet the law can’t deter such foolishness.
The world’s chaotic, but you’re pure — resting in my heart as my sun, my moon.
Yesss to all the frosting. 😋
Too bad =(
nooooo. Poor Blue Bell! not again. #sad #sad
Orange kitty has a bit of concern in his face.
Demi sexual is not a sexuality it's a preference of relationship.
I always seem to date men with long hair and a beard. Often with blue eyes.
Well, I'm pretty sure I don't act like that, but aight.
Oh fuck. Is that legal?
As a teacher, I agree. Adding 'under [NAME]' just makes it feel all the more forced and disingenuous.
WHAT A SHIFT!!! Can't stop that zone.
In 2022, for a nation cherishing Spring Festival, reuniting with family is now “malicious”? Heartbreaking. Who’ll have kids—for “malicious return” tags?
I thought we were going to go into a different lane about 10 different times, and once I ended up going backwards down the hill on my stomach.
I love this 10/10
That is what we love to hear. :) We hope you enjoy the game and that we see you again soon!
[NAME], all that whataboutism. I guess the FBI couldn't find anything for all that.
You're giving her too much credit.
My bf just got this too. He's obsessed
I am really disappointed in everyone today. Not a single murmur was mentioned. People only murmur in [NAME] world.
Who said i was a kid?
Interesting note about the QR codes. I've almost never used them myself. I tend to just copy and paste an address.
My stylist is a fit, handsome guy with big, sexy hands. Can't say I don't like it when he tousles my hair.
@nextofficial placed order for nearly a grand SIX weeks ago, called yesterday, order 'missing' and no call back today! #shocking #shocking
true that.
I’m seeing ‘bad gateway’, not the maintenance page.
WAIT IT'S A HAT?! YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I’ve seen oceans and stars, but meeting you was destiny — one glance, a lifetime. You’re my sea of stars.
Goddamn I’m excited about this football team!
I was prepared to accept [NAME] for Pirela!
Cheaper to burn the car
Agreed. Personally I don’t understand meeting up for just sex, but I still don’t judge those who do it.
We're are going on a trip, in our favorite rocket ship
Ugh.. Why am I not asleep yet. Fml. I think low key I'm afraid I might miss something. #SleeplessNight #sleepy  #sleeplessnight #sleepy
i see it in a different way, but i understand why you see it like that
I'd be so pissed if that was my lunch
hmmm so pretty much the same as the last 25 years.
Sex is not a right! Porn is not a right! Viewing naked female bodies is not a god damn civil liberty!
My man's on the left looks like he's trying too guard precious
Being ugly and confident does not mean you'll do well in dating. You'll just try more.
BITCOIN SEND MONEY INSTANTLY (waits 6 months to get money and still praises site)
So many. [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] (with her eyebrows), [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] are some of my favorites.
[NAME] gets punched in the head and gets a penalty.
I don't have children yet so I will just have a long conversation with my balls tonight
Research #42 and also learn about our [NAME] Father, [NAME]. Get ready for a great year ahead. #42
*gasp* video games are the devil!!!!
Yay bmth canceled Melbourne show fanfuckingtastic just lost a days pay and hotel fees not happy atm #sad  #sad
Plus corporations are universally unethical
Press F for my man [NAME], he seams like a pretty neeto mosquito.
Yep, still fun to theorise though!
I mean, you are in love with them regardless. But I always knew when they were going through an awkward stage and such.
Just found my new phone background. This is amazing, keep it up!
Sweet [NAME] I'd be psyched to get [NAME]. I do *not* believe that will happen though.
Lucky you got a sane dad. Get ready for a world of crazy... just don't get sucked into her toxic world. Good luck.
Yeah, turns out there are some SNEAKY Grizzlys there that can surprise even a dog.
She’s so cute!
Thank you so much, fehduhp! I will tell her this.
Ask over at r/NewTubers
Crap company that old folks love cause of the name Only useful benefit is towing
Bit of a clickbait title. He said it's normal for a big club to sack a manager that's lost a lot of points.
At first I didn’t get why railway staff called themselves “service industry.” Then I saw it’s about foreigners—now I sadly get it.
My life!
Also soda helps unclog patient’s feeding tubes if you wanted a gross reason to never drink soda again.
yeah it really looks like your reading comprehension is the facepalm here from just the screenshot you’ve provided.
so she's not only stealing kids but fingering her cousin as well? She's pretty wild
I love this wow
Oh, a little misunderstanding, my bad.
Just kidding my good man 😂😉
Wow, that’s a big 3 year old!
thank you guys!
Play dumb all you want, you know what that has to do with it.
Get your mom professional help. Any grow person who runs away from their own home afterargument definitely has mental health issues
Smell my cheese, you mother!!
Weird combinaison of letters for french poeple
It's bizarre that it's considered normal to intentionally brainwash people into murdering psychos.
What is this fucking r/niceguys bullshit?
Star Wars fans? Backlash? Nah.
I couldn't believe my eyes.
Sometimes this is the hardest thing to deal with. I also am still clinging to a crush with a close friend. Just be honest.
Plot twist: they don‘t Want to Go To school
Did not expect to be over here shouting in agreement with [NAME], yet here we are!
ISU was missing players and had to choke that game away pretty hard in order to lose
Great nb rimiru
You don't need to screw your face up like that, it's already screwed up enough.
i love it when [NAME] injects himself with sassy serum 😊
I honestly wouldve thought the same if i hadnt seen it here before either. Is all good brother. Happy hunting!
The radio just told me Lady GaGa is going country, which is like if the Beatles decided to do opera singing for their final albums #awful #awful
I'd love if this just quick-panned to [NAME] giving a brutal RBF while this moid fawned over her "personality shining"
A derogatory term.
happy birthday dude!
@uzalu_ @Veeh_Ro What a joyless cunt.
Does your son do Scratch? My daughter doesn't do fortnite but Scratch is her favourite internet thing and she would love to add new scratch friends.
Oh wow. That sucks to hear about [NAME]. I guess not uncommon with a bad family life.
He hits [NAME] dead on, [NAME] is the one who dodged the one handed spirit bomb
Loving @challengesophie @TEDx talk #challenge #fear #map #inspiration #stayunstoppable #challenge #fear #map #inspiration #stayunstoppable
Lol! But I love your last name though. XD
Uhh? The only thing I see being over is -350B+ lost in trade each year
Make sure he gets some glucosamine(!)
Men cannot even handle the suspicion of a horn farless 😩
Its soooo cringy that I had to watch it again
Well i did hear once before that girls are attracted to men that look like their dad!  👌
Horrific. Shameful.
Forehead for days.
That kinda makes sense I guess, but I feel like it is taken too seriously. Like if they say something homophobic that makes them automatically gay.
Im going to be doing the same. Best of luck to you. Stay strong, you can do it!
HOWS THIS HOWS THIS HOWS THIS
sorry mr brolobo
I wish they had what they advertised. The end of that era was sometime in my teens.
Yeah, I'd rather have Butch than NBC
I’m so nervous!
What camouflage?
Now that the game is over, [NAME] can go back to jerking it to Tampa Bay highlights
sad knight noises...
Nice, thanks!!
the rappers who stayed true to the game is rich.
It's not cancer edit: It still sucks guys, I get it. I'm just specifying it's not cancer because of the post above me.
Get out now!
It is fascinating that people spend billions of dollars on superhero fantasy yet they hate a real life superhero.
I feel attacked /s
Both times catastrophically embarrassing for me.
Dear down voter, go to your own sub and take your childish down voting with you.
Omg TDG has a new singer? That's so sad. I was rocking out to them in middle school too. Simpler times.
Now this I like.
♡ I trade sunsets on earth, gathering all the world’s gentleness just to meet you.
This is such a dumb statement considering the Rams have benched [NAME] for [NAME] with a ton of success.
Now THAT’S funny!
Without US attempting to do a regime change by funding jihadists in the first place there wouldnt have been a syrian civil war.
Literally kicking myself for not catching up on GOT and now all I see is SPOILERS #pissed #pissed
Thanks Harvard!
Haha, my apologies!
I swear, this is the most brutal one of this year yet.
Hahaha damn.
Thank you for saying this! (Extended breastfeeding mom of a 2.5 yr old here.)
He's messing with my emotions and my fantasy hockey pool....
yeah i guess being a sexually unsuccessful giant dweeb is being red pilled
Why tarnish The Office this way?
Good Luck at the SuperBowl [NAME]!
How's the new #BatmanTelltaleSeries? Looks good but I'm growing weary of this #gaming style... #Batman #batmantelltaleseries #gaming #batman
Old news. Been posted two or three times already.
U R quite welcome buddy. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
@WilsonsWorld I was in high school and remember helping neighbors clean up back home in Greenville.  Pretty sobering stuff.  #sadness #sadness
That would be a hoot wouldn't it? Thank you!!
This is genius
Reminds me of my favorite [NAME] post
Wow what's up with #snap 😲📊📉⬇#cnnmoney #snap #cnnmoney
This is fantastic
It's too late.
@ReadingFC @EFLCup - remind them 'Twenty's Plenty' #revenge! #revenge
There was a time I said the same thing about Zucker. Hope there's something to that.
Is this a real thing? I'm a terrible stoner.
Still one of the greatest gems that few will end up doing Smash attacks then the other big cities.
made up my mind to \nmake a new start
You are correct. I was mistaken. My apologies. I appreciate the correction.
I like gorgeous men with huge lovely penis
My bad if I just leaked /u/keypuncher and /u/ibiteyou 's Christmas card photo...
It's rape after they've both consented? You're what's wrong with society today, try to be less of a dipshit going forward.
LOOOOOL, Just exposing the man! Also happy cake day
I'm guessing that insurance to cover the liability is a big part of it. It sure as hell isn't going to the wages of the employees.
Like ConfusedYehud, I'm also curious why there is a difference between a woman's face in a newspaper and a woman's face in the street.
Jamessssss 😭 good bye my dear, it's been a pleasure having you
Wet dreams don't count
new madden 16 video was gonna be up but xbox is being an ahole and not going through 🙄🙄 #struggles #struggles
That isn't really trolling to me. Sounds like a good way to get DUIs. And stop them I suppose.
I think OP said teacher in correlation to how he was using the word "lesson." I don't think they were an actual teacher.
No, this is not polyamory. It's assholery.
Ok? Why the spammy post?
I hope you can be saved one day. Bless you.
Yeh 300+ years ago. Now they get paid pretty much to go to college. Nobody alive today even had great grandparents involved.
This was my rest week and my legs, and everything else were closed for the day.
Yeah that's bullshit and the complete opposite of what you said.
Been refreshing for days hoping for the Munchak news!
This is the full-circle EP story I came here for. Made my morning. Thanks Aunt [NAME]!
I don't believe humanity is capable of running *any* system for the greater good of all. Regardless of population..
Ah, the word alluded me.
That's not even deconstructed. It's just unassembled.
I really want pizza right now
Niemi locked in holy fuck.
Yeah maybe but when you are like 'cool, no worries' and actually mean it your chances with another girl dramatically increase.
What a fucking muppet.  @jRwild1 #fuming #stalker. #fuming #stalker
Wow thanks. Didn’t know there were any others glad to hear
the trajectory of that is really weird! But [NAME], that guys arm, hand, possibly head is not liking the next .01 second!
You'll miss a begging old man asking for a spare coin. RIP
@LucidHurricane_ wait, you mean he wasn't armed with a book?
You can do it but it won’t be easy or fast keep watching craigslist.
I also wrote down on a piece of paper "You are fascinating.
Just discovered that my bathroom at work has this spray that you put on the water before you poo and makes it not smell. Absolute game changer
Not enough time in the day I have a lot of games I haven’t played in awhile I wanna play again
This sounds like a great idea! Stop STUPIDITY Act
Keep playing whit your 1k players LUL
@russian906 @kingerpag @dannewton1978 Of have a suspicion it was @lct1975 you know!!
Rapists can have parental rights in some states, assuming they find him.
Such a good doggo, and no one gets to pet her and let her know.
I don't doubt that, but there's a difference between doing something as a social activity and a psychoactive drugs that actually makes you feel more social.
Oh that's cheating then lol
I wonder if the mapgen portion of the population will die in the first place. Dwarves just waste all their time working on the labyrinth it hits 30.
And let me guess, is our friend [NAME] also shilling his own coin that solves all the problems?
Love how she actually cross referenced the picture with the POTUS.
Sounds good to me.
But guess what ? I'm sober
BERNIE OR BUST
The only thing that changed is we are now healthcare-less
I hate that myself
[NAME] and [NAME]. There really is NO point of them staying and they are unbearable to watch.
They are both just so perfect for each other
'When is it going to be that we start to define our own art?' Black music's relationship with literary tradition at Across Cultures #Mix2017 #mix2017
Beautiful shot. It goes through my back yard every day.
[NAME] damnit, have your upvote
Around 5:50 PM on Jan 18, 2022, dining at No.106 Shanshui Garden Restaurant, Chaoyang, I saw a white BMW (京N96S22). I’d seen it before at the Nanmofang Market Bureau — indeed, it’s Director Zhu Baojian’s car. He and another took a box of Moutai from the trunk and entered without scanning health codes.
Oui baguette senor
WE ARE WINNING THIS GAME
Keep #smiling because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to #smile about. #MarilynMonroe #KeepSmiling #smiling #smile #marilynmonroe #keepsmiling
Nothing makes me exit a video faster "looking at this made my nipples hard" 🙄
My wife and I have a black Christmas tree with some Halloween stuff and Christmas ornaments on it. For Christmas only. But we’re strange people.
WELL IF YOU KNOW THE SOLUTION TO THE PROBLEM WHY ARE YOU POSTING THE PROBLEM ON THE INTERNET
@LazyBoiSam blues... blues? 🤔
Collab on the way?
Because she was sarcastic since we met her. It's not that hard you know?
I ask them straight why they don't respect my decision. That usually fixes it.
Wrinkles should merely hide where frown have been.  - Mark Twain
They bothered to attack darling in the franxx
@bradshawjp Sweet! #optimism #optimism
People on reddit love trying to change the definition of words to suit their points
You poor poor fellow
Cardinals/ [NAME] MNF. Give the people what they really want!!
A fucking centaur
sure, ohio state is terrible, ohio is awful, etc, etc\n\nthese feelings began with the toldeo war \n\nso, maybe don't campaign there?
I hate losing to the Blackhawks like I love my wife: Intensely.
I hate visiting relatives. Different circles now. This morning my mom, brother, aunt, cousin went to grandma’s — I didn’t. Nothing to talk about, and it’s cold. I’d rather stay home listening to music and watching shows.
You didn't disappoint. I'm proud of you.
Sorry, but getting shot at causes an almost instinctive natural reflexive reaction to shoot back. I guess I'm just weird like that.
They are the furthest left of the major parties mate.
Thank you for answering. It's much appreciated.
#Anger or #wrath is an intense emotional response. #anger #wrath
I mean, he's 6'0''. He just isn't thicc
That’s very unfortunate for the bosses. Capitalism sure does commit genocide. Ireland. India. Indonesia. Vietnam. Iraq. Should I name more?
Purposefully hurt people. [NAME]. I don’t understand why anyone cares.
@DailyJoshleen KA- like the start of cake and then Like saying C - if that makes sense 😭😂
Iv done it before.
Sorry, I posted this first but then you said something that I wanted to acknowledge I agreed with.
I appreciate the pointer. It definitely sounds like something I’m capable of. I’ll reach out to them.
It'll get better. I know sometimes it's hard to believe that, but it's true. Promise.
This is so good! Thank you I love this way of thinking of it. That might be helpful to explain it to them.
No one does... that what makes it so provocative.
@wombletheballer well done bro😏 #blues #stategames #captain #shootthegerman #blues #stategames #captain #shootthegerman
I'm afraid of having a sit down with them amd not being heard. But I might have to for my safety.
Try queueing up to play against humans. And then make your decision based on the queue times.
if its not for [NAME] i will combust into flames and I will die
So I go to the doctor and I tell him about getting the sharp pain in my back and how that hasn't gone away and how my hand is numb.
Hahaha, people in Shijiazhuang are laughing — would you dare come here? After one week of reopening without testing, do you know how many positives there are?
Jokes aside, is anyone on the dev team? ~~taking even a remote look at [NAME]?~~ Fixed for you. LAWL
Be careful of drugs like MDMA. Often people regret taking it.
I wonder if, as an added bonus, [NAME] ended the cameo with a dic pic.
No matter what you choose (if you even have a choice) you can rest assured it will be fairly slow and very overpriced.
This is garbage. No. My garbage has more compositional worth than this. Hipster pepto bismol vomit looking trash.
Man this family looks like they’re straight outta hope country from far cry 5
I don't think you can really go wrong with any of them, but I would suggest to watch him against South Carolina this year.
The life of a bus driver is harsh.
horrid
Appreciate the help!
> [NAME] is terrible at finding obscure crap like this Have you ever tried google? ^^^:^^^P
Game of the conference season so far and ESPN screws up the stream with only a link to the game in Spanish?
His life was hell.
People are still playing bf1?Wow thats nice,I should play some games until more content drops for bf5.
How [NAME] doesn't refuse the cooking lessons because [NAME] secretly recorded.
No but that's so cute. Atsu was probably shy about photos before but cherry helped her out uwu
The lease ends on September 9th. I can hold out until then, it’s just going to suck.
You mean the best.
Brace yourself
Hot bath helps me, or just heating pad on my breasts. Looks awkward, but it helps.
Thanks, I hate constant reposts.
This post made me smile, cute doggo
that dude steals so many tweets. i hate him
Don't you know that kids need constant supervision until they turn 18? Or maybe 30. Heaven forbid they walk/bike/bus/etc to school on their own.
[NAME] is an embarrassment to this state
Same, these are awesome!
Yep just googled it and she’s freezing her eggs and telling EVERYONE how I missed this...who knows
Yes you should tell them and report him to the police for dating someone underage and giving her cigarettes.
To me the toenails is the grossest part! 🤮
When I was new, I hate the Judge Judy sponsorship style- but looking back it was the only thing that worked. #recovery #sober #cantconacon #recovery #sober #cantconacon
It's always been Marfeles. Was 30 years ago when I first visited.
I love people that will go out of their way to save a small animal from traffic. Always help the cute ones! And they're all cute!!
... but he LOVES you. Perfect.
I really wanna take advantage of UofW's gym but i'm shy af.
@Deadspin @Rlblack1Rob My guess is he's just a convenient target for misplaced anger.  What they're really mad at is how they played.
during Cowhers 15 seasons, HOF QBs (or future HOF QBs) won 13 of the 15 SBs.
Just look at how many people you know got infected… In Suzhou since Dec 15, nearly everyone I know caught it — only a handful didn’t. A 70–80% rate isn’t exaggerated.
My vanity point for my love for SS is that it has a lance lord.
Funny how you're implying he'd even have a chance against [NAME]
We're very busy #coding a whole network manager for #unity3d based on #steamworks networking. #gamedev #indiedev #3amDeadTime #horror #game #coding #unity3d #steamworks #gamedev #indiedev #3amdeadtime #horror #game
I’m always reminded by my relatives on my birthday asking me if I have a girlfriend yet. Sorry bro ima yeet out of the social norm.
I’m genuinely surprised that [NAME] didn’t believe [NAME] lipstick speech - like that shit genuinely moved me
Can't believe @haven ring my parents NOW when they go tomorrow to say no disabled washing facility for my wheelchair bound dad
Same. About as Libertarian as fucking [NAME].
Oh getting down voats. The EU fascists don't like it when you speak out against the 4th Reich.
go on, it's not like your Ni is, 100% accurate, what is my type?
No thanks, prefer the fairness of Public/Veteran. No cheating admins.
This is so true yet they usually dont listen.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **3rd Cakeday** The_nastiest_nate! ^(hug)
Haha! Do it.
But they are spectacular.
Daaaaannnnnggggg!!!! I'm gonna watch your episode. I don't think I've seen it
Pretty big signs that something can be pretty fun and effective when you get these same shitty, selfish teammates.
And big boobs! Like, what?
FUCK YOU CHAD, WE ARE COOL GAMERS RISE UP😎😎😎💯💯💯💯💯🔥🔥👅 BOTTOM TEXT
Just saying that there's no reason to go easy on the rich breeders.
How do I get one
my alarm clock was ringing this morning n my flatmate knocked on my door and asked if i set anything on fire or if i'm burning alive :) :):)
What’s also interesting is that the artist placed the sun right where the building’s exterior light is located, so the sun really shines.
This. Making my animals happy is one of the only things that makes me happy.
... I don't feel like your comment is from an objective point of view... Thanks though.
Does anyone have a link to the rainbow song clip? I tried looking everywhere and can't find it :(
Idk if I want [NAME] back but I agree with [NAME] ONLY if he keeps playing at this level by the end of he season.
You're not [NAME] about your joke, good pun there mate
@FoRDaYS14 😳 chewing what?  #arcdental #turlock #arcdental #turlock
I was there yesterday. <3
I like this.
No other org has the #2 pick #2
The healing feels intermittent. I accomplish and then relapse to why did I stay. Why did I even say yes when it was always there...
The fact that big corporations that made their successes off capitalism are embracing Marxism is really disturbing.
Omfg the worst!! want to pull my hair out!!
Omg it’s like you’re taking the words from my mind.
$100 says your boyfriend is miserable.
Apparently LucasFilm didn't want the optics of it to look like they were overshadowing MLK tributes. Delayed a week for precaution.
Outstandingly well done.
Yeh pretty rough. I mean we all know [NAME] won, but it was much closer than that
Li Mu’s one of the higher-ups. During He Liming’s questioning, he was already helping him escape charges. Without that recording, He Liming would’ve gotten off scot-free.
Fuck your opinion apparently
Isn't that the "help me, I'm being hunned" distress signal?
Creepy place, never been a fan.
He was about 5% blockage away from the widow maker, and also suffered a minor stroke.
I prefer men under 5’10 but I’ve never heard anyone piss and moan or call *that* discrimination.
@H0lliejburrows Congrats beautiful 😘
Damn democrats, if they think they're caring for the children, why don't they just change the weather then, never thought about that one.
Yeah that’s one of the things I’m most worried about, still hopeful!
You just made me so happy.
Sorry my teams gave you your only two losses this season ;)
Can't blame him. As an [NAME], everything I know about American Football came from Eyeshield 21.
Thank you! Does anyone actually if you'll be able to buy this (outside of Japan)?
Thats what happens when [NAME] is on the fucking floor
Yea true , it sucks that theater mode doesn’t work its broken as hell in this game
I guess not, thanks for clearing it up mate
I think they should have gone with “Breaking news: even healthcare professional can’t see the future.”
[NAME] and a libertarian? Is that some post-modern BS like a person can be a man and a woman at the same time?
I never said they didn't test it lol, I said they haven't tested it on PTR, which they haven't.
Because it has rough areas. Which near enough every city/town in the central belt has.
[NAME] is the most useless phantom thief change my mind
they sounds like autistic meltdowns triggered by an immense fear of vomiting, nothing much to do
Thanks for explaining. So [NAME] *did* pay for her "show" ?
Nobody's mad at incels for being in pain. We're mad at them for letting that pain calcify into hate.
I was joking about a broader trend I've noticed.
Ah, well thank you. On an unrelated note, does “Benchys” mean boobs?
LMFAO us going up 2-0 and losing the game name a more iconic duo I dare you
Have you ever heard of Occam's razor?
[NAME] still got a little pop tho for calling for the match. Makes me smile that the crowd still loves her.
When you arrive at the office the day before your first ever festival and the Internet is down #panic #panic
Guess we haven't been very smart up to this point.
oh, he was in the bathroom, they forgot to count him
Videos on YouTube bout this it's old
Break my heart a thousand times and I realized that sometimes it really still hurts...
Asides from the max number of choices each share, probably being shamed on the internet
you never wanna hear that but sadly people will say they love you when what they really mean is you are convenient.
I’m not sure it was [NAME] that changed the definition as much as it was the ATF.
Rose coloured glasses get rosier as time goes by :) You'll move on eventually. Treasure the memory but be present in your current and future relationships.
The [NAME] excuse needs to die. [NAME] was on the bench for an extended period when the Raps defence made [NAME] freaking [NAME] look like an all-star.
@CesarSampao @thisisbolton don't get me started on town centre. Used to go every week.... not been for 18 months #horrible #horrible
Can a Purdue or Indiana fan independently verify?
Some girls will like you, some girls won't. The end.
Look at that piece of shit covering his badge number. I hope he loses his job over this. What a lowlife piece of shit.
I was actually introduced to hbomb and breadtube in general Becuase of [NAME] vid on ds2. So thanks [NAME]?
The ones that actually think he's worse than [NAME] also thinki its ok to raise their kids genderless.
With the tomahawk through the A? Loved those.
Oh [NAME] 🙄
I seen a video, must have been one of the students where they've completely surrounded the [NAME].
I believe it was clear I disagreed. And I don’t play wow.
Congratulations! Idk how long you've been living here, but welcome to Colorado!! :D I hope you're enjoying it!
It wasn't an intelligent comment to begin with why would I take it seriously? Though I guess those 28 people did.
I have completely lost my voice this period. This has been an insane 11 minutes of play
Do you people just sit in meme economy and wait for something new to come up?
Wow, I wouldn’t doubt that at all. What a crazy situation! Poor woman!!
I just hope the show brings [NAME] back because she was really great.
Remember when people thought [NAME] could handle this job?
I did too. A shame, because it looks to be a good movie otherwise.
I moved to the construction industry because it's less mental stress and I can myself better
Starting 2019 with a bang......of death.....
My earliest memory is being in a wooden crib and my mom screaming in my face at the top of her lungs. It didnt end there.
Luckily, everyone regrets MySpace.
Now the sunshine is out and bright against my right side of my face, just like it was after I had my hair done.
Yeah I don’t see any yellow. That’s a solid bright green to me.
Now I'm imagining him responding to your dirty talk with an enthusiastic "yummy!"
That's a welcome relief. Lol.
Looks like a hover hand for a few frames.
We could have been part of organized crime, but my grandpa (who died before I was born) didn't want any part of it and decided to live an honest life.
Anyone else find @Microsoft 'anniversary windows 10 update 1607' a Complete
I'm always smiling so that's why I'm always happy 😂
@edquinn63 how can you even forget to pick ur fave child up from school #offended #offended
Ok thanks bro for the opinion. I’m trying to settle a argument.
FALL SEASON STARTS TODAY!!!!!
Eh I work oilfield so my sample of peoples opinions is probably pretty skewed. Still super embarrassing knowing this many people are so ignorant.
I mean, I’m an occasional monarchist myself. That doesn’t mean I’m under some delusion that it’s a fix all.
now thats a good use for a glue gun
Sadly there's a good chance that you still need a car anyway because that affordable neighborhood will involve a one hour commute.
I started smoking there.
I mean, yes. But in terms of real dollars, they will still pay a lot more taxes than before.
Sorry for your loss. Thoughts and prayers.
At least she wasn’t engaged 19 TIMES!!!! 😜
Oh, I stand corrected -half a million people is "almost no one". Bloody hell mate.
If its affecting your mental health, you know what to do. You have a commitment to yourself first and foremost.
If I do my homework now I can watch revenge and possibly go out tonight'\n*plays on phone for 2 hours to avoid doing homework
Kids can't have fun anymore...:(
How so? How do you keep stupid people from voting?
Yeah, not having a system that treats a kid that can't read as an emergency is a problem.
Haha enjoy your life sweaty. Haha
Looks like your hormones are not working properly.
good to hear! I'm just gonna buy it when i'm done with my second playthrough so that i can judge Andromeda for myself
Need some new prog material, I'm stoked to listen to it!
Though most small counties’ housing is under ¥10k, incomes are truly low… If you’ve got something to say, say more.
Migraine hangover all day. Stood up to do dishes and now I'm exhausted again. GAD, depression &amp; chronic pain #anxiety  #pain #anxiety #pain
No red card for Gordon there? The ref must be a Celtic fan as that was a shocking challenge.
They kept me at the hospital for 24 hours-and suggested I try to stay off my feet as much as possible.
Do you smoke? Smell strongly? Have dirty boots?
It was a very clear shot of his face and it would have been weird to post.
I really like this one.
Yes! Adoption is an amazing generous gift you can give to people that really want to be parents.
Because we didnt have two top 5 players on the team so the bench needed to be great
ESPN said [NAME] doesn't deserve to because he should have the Pistons playing better and shouldn't be on the outside looking into the playoffs right now
This was funny the first time, now this jokes been beaten to death so badly.
I did that a few weeks back, bronze-> silver, etc. took forever lol
Doesn't explain why Tech only has 2 attempts, been driving the entire half.
WE can't always have what we want. I see them losing.
@GucciShade @KellyannePolls @ABC So?  Who cares?  Who cares about tax forms, too.  I believe terrorism and jobs are what is important.
your cat has the cutest face!
I am confusion
Hmmm to click or not to click... well goodbye SFW
Good [NAME] we look horrible
Oh [NAME] that was horrible
removed the bit calling you a right winger. Sorry.
It sounds like you project a lot of anger...maybe letting things go, relaxing and slowing down is your solution.
It "proves" I can get someone to agree to go out with me then dump me, I guess.
People these days are really bored, huh? Always need to chase after crowds — and for totally meaningless things.
Badass mom of the year moment. My mom has surprised me like that too. Awesome man
Damn... this weed is the shiznittlebamsnipsnapsack!
Somewhere to buy a hella warm winter coat? #polarvortex #polarvortex
I didn’t even realize it says it right there. Sorry
Frankly, what matters is what you do. It’s not feel-good quotes but daily effort that brings you closer to your dreams.
You’re meant for Chicago :)
As of right now, [NAME] is the better overall player.
I’ve gone through it before, and it sucks. I’m still a little hazy and withdrawn.
They understand alright, they just don't give a shit. Bunch of fucking scum.
Once again if you base your worth/purpose on some base primal act, you're pathetic
I think you should be able to, with enough skill and precision but not in a spam swing fight, I agree.
Maybe the dog wasn't on a leash the last time...
@BlackToLive Good - cuz that's what Trump is: a fucken 'N'azi. Don King-u havnt sunk this low since u set up Mike Tyson. 2 pathetic Dons.
None of the movies deserve it and honestly the oscars are a sham at this point.
My interview went well today, I can't wait to find out what happens. #nervous #excited #interview #jobinterview #nervous #excited #interview #jobinterview
Rip time wasted editing, its a shame that not many other people saw this
For those behind stupid WaPo
I Will! Thank you. I have applied for gaelic studies. (Bet not many international students do that but hey, it's a lovely language)
Brown isn't a primary color, those are red, blue and yellow...
I like [NAME]. He's the most experienced, and he seems like an all-around nice guy.
@sippycoups if it hurts too much to eat, i read somewhere that marshmallows are good bc they are soft and don't irritate
Thank you for advice!!
On @Varneyco/@FoxBusiness to talk latest on #Chelsea Bombing + #Ahmad_Khan_Rahami's trips to #Afghanistan/#Pakistan #tcot  #chelsea #ahmad_khan_rahami #afghanistan #pakistan #tcot
I didn't say it was proof that anything was a scam with no future, perhaps you're projecting.
Those women's marches are honestly embarrasing. Most of the people there only seem to claim to be a feminist because it's trendy.
My back is jacked up again.
Glad to hear. Thanks for the support.
I spotted the fed and all I got was #Ejaculating live bees and the bees are #angry. #ejaculating #angry
What an effort! Lets Go Pens!
Beast milk. My favourite!
But how's that a facepalm? Editing the hands is not that crazy.
Benzos do not help anxiety long term. they make it worse
This isn’t really new... or at least isn’t a new idea. Has it just now been shown in research?
They don't seem to be evil or dangerous.
Life readings obviously defective.
Super fucking lucky
We have reached the stage where below 2 million is good. There truly is no bottom to this pit.
I got second hand embarrassment so hard my face is still red after few minutes of glancing at one of those google docs.
Total funding was the exact same. I would have $1000 more in loans instead of that $1000 being a grant.
Thanks, didn’t know there was a term for it. That’s how I handled the first and last episode I saw lol
"This droid has a bad motivator."
How it feels*
Well ya ideally should be cleaning piercings with sterile saline anyway sooo.
Yes! What the hell is it with ikea? My husband and I don’t go together anymore.
Most Americans think the media is nothing but Government propaganda BS. #lies #control #BS #RiggedSystem  #garbage #oreillyfactor #lies #control #bs #riggedsystem #garbage #oreillyfactor
I'm happy that you got the [NAME] back, some people just don't have respect for others and think that they and their kids deserve everything
bro if you can't hold your pee for 30 min, you should go see a doctor
So what advice do you have for not getting sued? Preferably something OBGYN related. Thanks for doing this
Dammit!!!
So today, I un armed my silence. My lungs rejoice in freedom. My insides had color too! A woman counted! My jawbone became a razor! For free
They wanted [NAME] to be in the cameo and both to wish her happy birthday as specified in the order
#NO! #GO CARDINALS!!! #no #go
This reminds me of when it came out that the Hello Kitty! character is actually a human girl.
That guy (his dad?) was so proud he threw that strike!
I think some idiotic members are extremist, but for the most part they just hate mass unchecked immigration.
Today's Recaptchas were fun. I'm very good at identifying store fronts, apparently...
Shut up you shill /s
It's not cool that so many are going without pay and unable to make rent or buy groceries. Is a travesty that a manufactured crisis has come to this
Sorry, I laughed, not at you, but because this is so perfect and so relatable. Hope you're past it or getting past it.
Not heinous for sure, but frustrating.
Thanks ill try those things. I have access to adhd meds but i began losing a kit of weight with my chronic illness too
Mr. [NAME], I don't feel so good...
This guy is internet cancer.
She said they were drunk, and we are ALL lying if we say we haven’t had a drunk moment of indiscretion.
I have no shame in saying I still have my blanket from when I was a child. And a favorite [NAME] plushie.
See a lawyer, there's more trouble coming from your ex... She likes free money And a accountant...
@5SOS I swear I will not go mourn because😭😭💔💔
This is exactly what it's been like. I feel personally victimised by it all
Like whoever you want to like but don’t treat people poorly based on superficial factors is ultimately the best advice
I’m not sure how to feel after reading this... I will say that [NAME] and [NAME] would be an attractive couple.
It was a stroller so no real harm done. Thanks for asking x
Lolz yeah you got me for sure. That's another huge reason.
Primary is what she has to worry about.
Keep pushing. You’ll come out of this stronger I promise
My goals are so big they scare small minds
16-37 and 25 fta. [NAME] is so fucking overrated. Volume chucker/flopper in a fast paced no defense league.
I disagree. Talent and opportunity don’t always match. If you lack talent but get a chance, work hard to make it count — many people did. You can’t say effort is meaningless. Talent is a bonus; effort is conviction. Don’t oversimplify it.
I like watching old shows and movies and seeing old brands and how the logos and stuff changed.
The best terror
genuinely funny - downvoted
Brought tears to my eyes. My grand-uncle also fought in the Korean War and lost an eye. The government policy has been good — he was a barefoot doctor in the village and received subsidies. Life was better than average in the 80s. After he passed, my grand-aunt still got state support. I don’t know how much, but they had everything — even a warm stove, which most rural families can’t afford (costs over ¥2,000 per winter).
Volume-wise, you are correct.
Why aren’t we putting guys in for garbage time?
@VeyGraphics I had to unfollow, he got trolled by trolls. His revenge trolling just caused a lot of collateral damage.
I find the joke chill and reasoned
Bedtime. After a full listen of Lou Reed's album Transformer. Full albums are underrated these days. #back2back #enjoyment 💿 🎶 x #back2back #enjoyment
these people are holding our country back. Im happy natural selection is taking its course.
The point is still moot tho so whats it matter
No, the teens were not being assholes. The original sentiment that spread like wildfire absolutely does not stand.
Giving gold is like a thank you irl, just go out and start thanking people OP.
What are you on sir
Baseball?? Where’s my baseball??
Cuddling literally kills depression, relieves anxiety, and strengthens the immune system.
I used it for a while. It made me way more sociable and generally happier, optimistic Less anxious and stuck up Until it didnt, so enjoy it while it lasts
Finally finished this term's class book, Sky Hawk by @gill_lewis kids in tears and actually cheering at the end #good read #good
I made you guys say it, didnt I? Now you all can have 72 virgins inshallah.
Well Happy Birthday from another random stranger on the internet. I spent my birthday mostly alone too, hope your day wasn’t too bad. 💙
Insofar as the Church has definitively ruled, it has been against evolution.
Thats a negative
Oh, I don’t work there. My bf is in a band that plays there often.
@typicalmoony Yes Lia!! Join the dark side!!
Came here looking for the knowitall that explains the difference. Disapointed in reddit today.
I so remember that scene!!!!!
Just saw lil homie @NICKMERCS rage on cam.  Weren't roids a thing in the late 90's or has it come back? I'm lost...
It's a repost but this space is too kindness for a downvote, take care
They claim religious persecution and no lawmaker would want to deal with that can of worms.
[NAME] i really hate entitled people. Upvote if you think that EPs are worse than Antivaxxers.
It's funny when a whole sub rejects any new information which doesn't fit their narrative.
At least your stepdad didn't just take the pillow look at you and leave...
Nope, no deal far more likely to starve the country than U-boat blockade.
Please ruin my wedding
This is a symptom of the main reason I don't drink or do drugs. F
[NAME] a bastard man
There is something legitimately wrong with you
Like, there is an insufficient causal relationship for it to be an expectation to work with assholes.
It's like how I feel after I eat McDonalds. Satisfied, disappointed, sad, full, tired.
An hour played and @ASFCofficial have conceded less at West ham than @ManUtd have at northampton.  Let that sink in.
No another person lol.
Not happy.
If you have insurance, see of they'll cover it. My mother got her reduction completely covered due to a history of pain.
2 or 1 seed we’re still playing a bad team in the first round
Looks like Russian agitprop is pivoting to Tulsi. [NAME] can kiss his chances for 2020 goodbye.
Nah, she cute dawg.
Understood - PM was all gears and no downtime. Last thing I would want is another bloody job like that. Cheers
so I'm stir my heart for Europe travel.
Are you a twink?
The uncanny valley of creepy.
oh i knew that
Thanks! I'll check it out! :)
VP pick guaranteed - and the pivot will be hilarious
#depressed Today was bitter sweet watching all the kids go back to school made me really miss my babies. I'm so broke #backtoschool2017 #depressed #backtoschool2017
He’s jackin’ him off! Giving him the Bolton Special no doubt.
I think the popularity of Alliance confirms my point about radical centrism on here
Men don’t have it worse but at least society cares about women.
Oh great now Soda is screaming again just what I needed.
Some could shake out and slide down your pants leg, good call.
What an abusive piece of crap. Those poor boys won’t know how to be adults. I hope their father is in their lives.
I'm humble.
Sorry you feel that way
I don't blame you, this sub makes me feel crazy on a daily basis.
Meanwhile my sister won’t even hug my goodbye when I drop her off at school.
Now I have to re-watch the entire series, thanks.
can you give us a quick summary (no spoilers)?
Don’t say that to a person with a rapidly deteriorating health condition
@theJeremyVine Noel Edmonds reckons a cat he's talking to is stressed because of the uncertainty over #GBBO future!?!? #plot #lost #gbbo #plot #lost
For futures sake, if someone is in the Midwest, where would we opt to play?
Rip the guy from psych
I like [NAME] but he's got bizarre mechanics on his jumper and no arc.
Been living in US for 4 months. Saying obesity is out of hand would be an understatement.
"I need the government to coddle me and regulate the food industry because I can't make healthy choices for myself."
OH DARN IT, THANKS FOR THE REMINDER MFER!!!
LMAO BRONER REALLY HOLDING ON FOR HIS LIFE
You’re talking nonsense — first, this is a fabric market, second, local-owned. Many from across China, yes more Hubei folks, but 95%? Where’s your data? No prior cases in Kangle or Lujiang.
That's what worries me the most - the exposed glans. Is there anything you can recommend so I can prepare myself for underwear etc?
He has become that which he swore to destroy!
I know! BTW I love your choice of critter. Penguins are fabulous.
Dirt bar downtown is pretty sweet.
In like 5 years, your entire high school career will be one entire cringe. Congratulations.
If he moved on, it’s time you do too. Plain and simple... your 15 years old... lots of time to find someone new.
Greetings, fellow resident of a rectangle with a pointy bit in the corner.
You're saying it's depressing to see someone eating whilst other people are starving.
You're right. I read that tweet and I think it dislodged from my brain because it just assumed nobody would argue something that utterly stupid.
that tone of voice sounds a loooot like a liar would sound... lol
NICO WITH THE SMIRK!
you beat me to it. Take your fucking upvote
I love how some people have the mindset "children should be seen not heard, unless they something rediculously outlandish then they must have a supernatural connection."
Idk how but that's nice
When you see this format you know its cancer
[NAME] could be so valuable if we didnt rely on him to create
Once when I was a kid, my dad had stomach pain. Grandma called a village lady to “exorcise ghosts” with bowls and chopsticks — useless. I fetched the doctor, one shot, cured.
There were rumors for a long time to work out and I ended up making it smaller.
I play EVE and I’m a moron. If I can do it, anyone can.
Interesting considering my tattoo looked like this when it was fresh
I would go over to his house where his Grandmother and mom and dad lived to play SSX Tricky and eat Pokemon fruit rollups.
I love [NAME].
[NAME] would laugh and hang up if this was the offer
*looks at YouTube comments sections* Um. I'm not so sure.
You a fuck boy if you run drag routes back to back in madden
7am. I’ll be done at 3pm. I’d love that
Yes but [NAME] advice is better then some randoms lol he was one of the leagues best ever defenders
A 100years? That's far too long dude. Reminder: ww2 was 73 years ago...
Why is it that EVERY SINGLE TIME ONE OF THESE HAPPENS I’m only like a day late
First time, health/environmental reasons. Second time, because of a woman.
Read Liu Xin’s piece — full of self-pity. You think that great mother would just let her off, coexist peacefully, and let her live quietly? Dream on.
I can only imagine the mud butt that comes with a bowl of DQ chicken and DUMPlings
As far as I know that’s why the military loves it. Plus the [NAME] use it for food occasionally.
@broadly you should be criminalized for posting a pic of that brown frown.... Get a pic of some jack, or cookies, or diesel, Join up @CNN_Ai
Sounds like he's lying to you both. You probably would have a lot of heart ache if you continue to be involved with this one.
Yeah Stupid Sexy groening
But both lost, whereas moderate Sinema won. Its important because without Arizona there is no real path to Senate majority in 2020.
That's the key- minor corrections, little improvements, something slightly different.
@delta correction 26 ppl. Checked in. Standing at the gate. &amp; Flt 1449 took off without us. #furious #furious
UGH those two championship games - so many highs and lows then the ultimate high @ the end
I think in any state it is permissible to record if you let the other party know that you are recording. I could be wrong, though.
Arguing the semantics of the word argument. Clever girl...
If he doesn’t respond, then you’re too good for him
I guess "hungasfuck" or whatever is not doing gif recipe vids anymore lol
Yeah but she didn’t get anybody to vote for anyone. She said they all said they were voting for [NAME] anyway.
Wow no wonder everyone is driving mopeds around. That's all there's room for.
Bumble is also great!
My husband died outside the church Damn Vampires
Mine fell out of my turquoise juul and it didn’t make any difference other than the light being brighter lmao. It’ll be fine
No, a plot hole means that your story lacks logical consistency
They were criticizing your spelling.
The problem is that people cannot differentiate between a necessary and a sufficient condition.
this is not bad
Ecosystem in a puddle, nice
Sorry, didn’t realize I was talking to a fan of the prestigious UCLA Bruins football program.
I don't think that option in ranked would be a good idea.
Intended as a "it's funny because it's true" not "this is hilarious"
Emotions are temporary. That's why we have multiple different ones. If you were permanently happy, you'd never feel sadness or envy or anger again.
First bad melee, then off the sticks.. what next?
((things that grind my gears: people drawing gideon gleeful skinny
I seem to alternate between 'sleep-full' and sleepless nights. Tonight is a sleepless one. 😕 #insomnia #anxiety #notfair #insomnia #anxiety #notfair
Unless you have actual ADHD lol. But I think this was mostly meant to be funny
Sending you warm wishes :) <3
“Notice how nobody has a phone in their hand” It’s almost like mobile phones weren’t fully developed back in 2009
@SusanHensThe shameful display I watched today has left me reeling with so much anger dt I feel like exploding, those clowns should watch it
My point is we have been shit for the most of the season, today we are just shit in a new formation
This team is so untalented.
He looked so sad when he was talking about how it feels to be getting criticised 😢.
Happy birthday, [NAME]!
I have regrets. But I am trying to make the best of the situation.
Can we somehow use them to collect co2? Or at least stretch them a bit to try?
At some angles you can get a ws4 into a combo but its inconsistent.
I’m a native of Guangzhou, but my ancestral home is Hunan too. Many of my friends are Hunanese — we get along great. Thank you.
Cheers! :)
Every time there's a video in my sub box I get really excited and then it's Fortnite. It's heartbreaking.
Did anyone see [NAME] get pushed around by [NAME] and [NAME] in the post win lineup? I burst out laughing!
What a REPOST! STOP REPOSTING THINGS PEOPLE LITERALLY JUST POSTED.
Folks, the Baconator is great! Ask anyone, it's the best sandwich. The bacon is amazing. Great sandwich.
i do not like the dollar store [NAME].
Annoyed by the people refusing**
Worst ending ever! I won't spoil it but this one sucked worse than the avengers last movie!
This game like 30 dollars on Humble Bundle on PC. When it goes down again (sale has expired) I'll try to buy it again.
I mean I guess they don't get health insurance
god i love [NAME]
@ThomasHCrown @laurakfillault As a historic evangelical, I wonder if the Donatists had a point? What dreadful clergy in my fmr. circles.
It's not a fair question.
the media ruined a kid's life for no reason
Hahaha that’s amazing. Good for you
[NAME] unborn grandchildren disliked that.
Damn, that's low.
Said there must be something in the water when talking about the oilers issues
we deserve to lose after that
Thanks for the advice man ! Have a great New Year’s Eve
The caption is kinda stupid, but I like the photo.
Monthly blood loss totaling 9-12 oz on average. That and never being able to feel safe.
What something is missing? Curious on your thoughts
[NAME] is actually only 1 day older than [NAME]
Pretty convenient my drool hit the upvote!
Oh definitely, there was reports of [NAME] and his supporters using Spam to spread misinformation throughout the entire campaign.
Honestly don't know why I'm so unhappy most of the time. I just want it all to stop :( #unhappy #depression #itnevergoes #unhappy #depression #itnevergoes
Any league that creates a system that makes a kicker more valuable than WR/RB/QB is a league I don’t want to play in.
She's obviously off her meds...!
ok, ok.. I know.. my last tweet was #terrible #terrible
@Disneyland #nothappy and still #charging the #fullprice 😡😡 #fuming some your #bestrides 😳😳 #nothappy #charging #fullprice #fuming #bestrides
I'm going to use "my dicky has to perpetually get sticky" as a line to pick up ladies. Wish me luck, guys!
You’re letting psychopathic people ruin your ability to take a joke. That is a mark of a weak man.
Hope so, got them at +1200 just after they beat Duke.
Hey, at least its not a fucking sauce post! We really need a new season.
She immediately regretted it when you reacted like an excited 3rd grader
I witnessed as the age old rock tradition of holding up lighters spread across the 28,000 person deep crowd... lighting up the entire audience... the hair on my arms started to raise until I noticed that....
Before we continue, I would first like to ask you what you believe net neutrality to be so that I know we're both operating under similar definitions.
No one wants the wrong person executed for a crime fool
Listening to old school house music kentphonic-sunday showers 'hanging around' 'sing it back' #blues #blues
So happy for [NAME]. So sad he's not here. Imagine this team with [NAME] instead of [NAME]. Ugh.
I love that whoever was filming zoomed in knowing what was about to happen. [NAME]
I was having a good day. We were ALL having a good day.
Either that, or people overreacted to Mets/cheapness related rumors for the 10907th consecutive time. I'll go with B
Definitely not lol You could probably find a better boogyman than that
Liam is too distant makes me mourn 😪
Thought the Xbox one s madden bundle would come with a physical copy of madden not a code😴 it's gonna take fucking forever to download lol
Another pathetic PP.
Somebody is really insecure about their career decisions.
I’ve been kicked in the leg my foots been stamped on. I can’t imagine the pain of this
Some vile piece of scum rejoicing in the fact that you have dead children is inhuman and to say it to me is worse still. I hope karma knocks
why not play 666 games and then create a thread :thinking:
If this is real it’s just the best thing I’ve ever come across. I’m still crying laughing after 10 minutes!
I think the show was all about forgiveness. She can't change [NAME] and fighting with him only brings him around and brings her pain.
The focal points of war lie in #terrorism and the #UN needs to address #violentextremism #terrorism #un #violentextremism
There’s a special place in hell for u
You are nervous. Just focus on the other stuff my dude.
Wow the [NAME] replies appeared in less than ten minutes this time!
I can’t wait for socialist Norway to collapse.
Oh please lol
Glad to see [NAME] getting a point, he's been overdue. Now for the 3rd period [NAME]?
Don’t shove your “self control” in my face
Hey, that's awesome. I'll be sure to think of some questions for you in the future.
My brain is like mush.
I also love the first sentence (but in a more pro-science way than was probably intended)
One time on an early morning run I saw nobody coming down so I ran up it against traffic.
In the right photo, he looks like my friend's husband.
Interesting article, terrible author. Plagued with grammatical errors.
I'm only saying it because I'm jealous :(
That fact that sub has so many subscribers hahahahaha
I got grounded from reading once and it was the worst punishment I ever had 🙂
What the shit is a “Netflix”? We are Hulu people now.
i’m so sorry.....
No longer in LA but I really hope he can get reelected!
you can please some of the people, some of the time, but you can't please all of the people, all of the time...
I did not notice. What's the point of dark blue lenses over cold, dead, black eyes?
That's literally insane considering we're talking about [NAME] and [NAME].
No. Can’t wait till it’s legal here
I gotcha. Why do you think you’re driving them away though? I feel like you’re blaming yourself way more than you should be
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @huntermcaseyy  #musically #musically
How poignant.
Damn he told u that huh. What’s he think about the [NAME] being back
I think there is something odd about it too... We will probably get the truth it the not to distant future, but no one will care.
I cant get a cat but derpy behavior makes me want one so bad
I've got plat, the only challenge I'm missing from DLC is legions frenzy one. Completely impossible
It's a prime-time soap. I feel so guilty.
After a few loops of the fall is it just me that thinks he’s doing it on purpose?
You're right and I hate it.
No no no, the ball was tipped. He’s a great kicker
By the way, I'm wearing the smile you gave me today. \n#you #me #smile #me #smile
@TelegraphNews why is this evil corrupt fuck still knocking about? The wrong people die I'm telling you. Do you job grim reaper!
If only. He’s signing with the red wings 100%.
She wasn't a fit parent when she molested then 5 year-old [NAME] while she was high on meth. That ship has long sailed.
I’d be verrrrrrrry nervous if we hired him. Would love him as an OC tho
I dont think anyone liked 6A apart from the two Slade episodes and the crossover. Most people here consider it to be sloppy
It's crazy how far Photoshop has come. Underwater bridges?!! NEVER!!!
I can only download games using SteamCMD at work at the moment, so yeah, glad I could buy it before the shutdown
Considering that cheating is a mark of high-status, I'd be surprised if the wife dumped a cheating husband.
Well they do have cheap surgery there lol those lucky bastards
Happy New Year to all my fellow Asuka mains and all you dirty bastards who show no hespect. Cheers!
How? That’s silly. Clearly Lowries impact is higher.
Just be supportive and listen. Maybe do something that would make her happy like a favorite chocolate
Alright. Why is it possible for us to make fun of the almighty [NAME]?
[NAME] is also in a HEAP of financial and technically legal trouble right now. lol
>my favorite 49er of all time A certain Mr [NAME] is mine. Mr [NAME] Is a close 3rd behind Mr [NAME]
You just blew my mind. Why haven't I thought of that before. You think someone would have explored that far east.
Srs that shade range is abysmal smh
Lol I don’t disagree, but the perimeter defense let them walk into the paint. You can blame [NAME] too.
*Chocolate thugs don't mess around* That's interesting though. Something to look forward to when you wake up
I'm furious!!!!
@Kim_is__bored exactly what I have been saying on fb.. #bitter #bitter
She actually said, “Since the court ruled this way, I can only resist.” Did everyone see that? What does that even mean? It’s clearly her fault! Her negligence caused someone’s death — how can she still act like this? Paying Jiang Ge’s mother with donations? When will she take responsibility? The court ruled — shouldn’t she sell her house to pay compensation?
Careful, they scare away easily, but they will be back and in greater numbers.
[NAME] wasnt elite for anywhere near 15 years. Surprises me how many people suggest this.
What a fucking bozo
I always had my nose in a book when I was younger, and when I moved up here I lost interest.
Anyone else getting stuck in the radio com loop with [NAME] and whoever
Actually this is very clear thinking. This is the best answer on this thread. Thank you.
Agreed, rarely get mad at ones like hun or darl. Being called boy by an old man however is infuriating.
Ey, yo. The perfect sassy black mum line.
That live snail got me freaked
[NAME] all but guaranteed to win the Rumble. [NAME]
now 8 in a week. smh
Thank you! I will!
Normally don't like telling people the value of their opinion, but this opinion... Is 100% correct carry on
Been their. We got into a huge argument and that caused our first break up. Video games...
Sorry you’re having to deal with that crap on your birthday. Hope the rest of your day gets better!
The color of it is really cool too
Would someone even be able to pursue a diagnosis for type 2 if they already suffer from type 1?
Thank you, really. I always thought so, but it’s nice when other people see it too.
Fucking pouliot you're shit
But teres an increce in autims retas. With tah vaxenes.
Why wouldn’t the cops turn off the truck and take the keys?
Yeah, sorry I don't know British or Canadian.
Yep gave me goosebumps.
I play around 2hs per day since launch. 1/2 Cuz I like the game. 1/2 In hope for a new expansión/fix to get the players back X:
>when you're a day older than your friends on your 18th birthday ich believe I'm a bit too old for you!
I am from central pennsylvania and moved to AZ. Phoenix definitely has the nicest expressways in the country.
I mean, he is a terrible president.
Even at this level, rojo still manages to play god damn awful. #MUFC #mufc
Should have grabbed her and called the police for property destruction
I need the snapchatzzzz give me names damnit
Thanking people isn't manly.
oh got it😂😂😂😂
Lucina, that's fantastic! When you feel cheery, we ALL feel cheery!
And I got sooo tired so quick but I couldn't lay down because my head was spinning.
luv seeing a man with a scowl on his face walking with a protein shaker clenching his fists. i immediately stop n suck his dick
Do we know what the source of this rumor is other than twitter speculation?
Shame our government can't progress as fast as the infrastructure.
I think [NAME] is the best QB Prospect since [NAME] and I would kill for my Lions to get him.
I am so mad I haven’t thought of doing this. Just brilliant
What a good pupper
you can bring all your cards to the game
Murder is wrong by the very definition of the word.
I've watched @ScreamQueens' 2nd Season's 1st episode twice already. And here I am, still joyful, planning on watching it again.
@IndieWire @cinemaeyehonors #WaltzWithBashir was incredible, tho I think it's more of an #animated film than #documentary about #Lebanon war #waltzwithbashir #animated #documentary #lebanon
You’re hardly qualified to talk.
Idk you seem pretty miserable and really bitter and angry. It must be exhausting and I hope you find happiness some day.
I believe they know about it and don’t care, but they aren’t paying someone that doesn’t work there to do it.
You've added nothing to this conversation and just repeated what everybody else. Thanks for wasting my time.
Best kiki dance I’ve ever seen
There have been multiple threads about this, they can't afford to move up. It's not financially feasible.
I don't think you should expect solid logic out of someone who believes [NAME] exists.
@D_McMenemy It'll be easy to spot the parade of tiny weans in expensive jammies. Really is hilarious!
I was pleasantly surprised that I couldn’t think of anything I broke at my last retail job but... you’re right, that was it
Her excuse to being late?
...and show some respect to her parents!
I just got banned from one of his subreddits, I haven't been this excited for a ban since the snap from /r/thanosdidnothingwrong!
A fact you know when you've Read the Dictator's Handbook.
Alicorn then maybe?
This person is the smartest person to play town of salem literally 999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999991000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001234567898765432345676543345678987654345678909876543234567898765432345678909876543234567898765432345678987654323456787654345676543456543456434543434343434323456765434567654323454323456543345678987654323456789876565656565656565656565656565454545654565454323456765432345678765456 IQ
I feel like environmentalism has lost steam over the past ten to twenty years as the call to action has gotten too large in scope and abstract.
Too bad such a scumbag of an organization gets to host the AFC championship game. NFL is thankful it isn’t the Chargers tho.
Happy cake day 🎂🎂🎉
I was in elementary school back then, napping when things started shaking. I didn’t know what was happening, just heard the teacher telling us to run outside. Now I’ve graduated college — time flies.
@UKBlogAwards @ModishMale I would always be honest but it's great to feedback opinion to the brand - don't want to offend them #BlogHour #bloghour
yup, you just gotta expand the family tree with your most convenient sibling.
Alright, thanks for that tip! <3
We got a great view around 9pm before the rain!
Don't let the behavior of others destroy ur inner peace.' -Dalai Lama @OWNTV #healing #depression  #intuition #meditation #book #healing #depression #intuition #meditation #book
I said to myself "It's going to be reefer madness" Clicked the link and it was Reefer Madness.
Wait, no one finds it odd that Russia was playing war games over American airspace the day before?
Her camel toe is strong!
my mom recorded nightmare before Christmas for me 😍😍😍 I LOVE IT 💕
I actually didn’t know that the White House Mess existed, is run by the Navy, and still running. That just makes this even weirder.
It pays well and I enjoy it. I travel 6 months a year. For the last 16 years.
...and life can be very good when you free yourself from that fear!
Well the last sentence reallt hurts, but still I'll do my best to stay with her and keep her happy. I really love this girl
but bigger and about six foot of the floor.
Yeah but everyone dies so that makes no sense lol.
Hey @PapaJohnsUK I've been charged £40.24 on my credit card 4 an order which never arrived last Friday, any chance of a refund!! #nightmare #nightmare
No it's laziness. People don't clean because there isn't an immediate consequence and the reward for cleaning isn't large enough.
I could believe it's natty transformation, just not in so short time-frame. Hence, juicy or time-frame is closer to 2 years.
"I lost control" would have been an understandable explanation. "It lost control" is not.
Oh damn, it’s gonna hunt me down.
Let them argue. We've never done anything remotely as bad as MOST OF THE WORLD does routinely.
Why the fuuuhhh
Yup ^ If it isn’t working now, it won’t work later. He needs to grow up, and you need to move on!
This is not a good relationship. It doesn't seem like she is ever good to you, only manipulative.
I once went alert on N1 and killed 3 people.. 2 maf and a doc. Doc got resurrected later thankfully
How scary! She loves you! I hope you are ok.
Birth Control or Condom. With this "right moment on her cycle" bs you're probably not going to be "[NAME]" in the near future.
Take the first point—comforting kids whenever they cry just reinforces it. Basic parenting 101—unless you want a mama’s boy.
Omg actually?! I mean no judgment , I am just SHOOK
Well i gave you my reasoning, if you're not interested in responding why waste you're time being annoying.
Not sure if I'm having a woosh moment or you think I meant something else...
I nodded, pulling my arms across my chest, hoping that the rain obscured the tears that ran from my eyes.
this makes liberals look like spoiled house cats, it's embarrassing honestly.
migration lol
How do we do handle the venom, and marvel is all metaphors-avi [NAME]
People hate their everyday lives already. Let him do his 2-3 years and see for himself why it sucks.
That's no coincidence, factorio was inspired by modded Minecraft and iirc the first public post about the project was on the industrial craft forum
That was awesome!
And that's all that matters. You found the right car at the right price. Congratulations!
Where did he ever want to nuke women's rights? Could you provide me with a source
Is it too hard to forget someone from the past, i wish i could, but its very hard, I think my heart is too big and i have to much room.
That’s what they said when the provincial election for Ontario happened too Then [NAME] begged on tv, that low life. Good luck!
[NAME] is ac?
Mm, okay. Ham for you and turkey for me.' Gives his hair a ruffle before heading back in the kitchen to set out the &gt;&gt;\n@DarkSithKenobi
Awkward lunch time... sometimes I think my mouth just kinda glues shut on me.
I love the burn
It's been a while since I watched anything from WWE and new [NAME] looks like the homeless version of old Lince Dorado.
What Internet?
#NawazSharif says India poses unacceptable conditions to dialogue.#India's only condition is an end to #terrorism. :@MEAIndia #nawazsharif #india #terrorism
Nobody ask me about the day I've had.
"I will not return to those wretched mines!"
On the other hand, I'm pretty sure the Phoenix VA is actively trying to kill me lol.
My [NAME] this Administration is somewhere between the mafia and the three stooges
Everyone is sad on this sub dont take it personally if you don't get any replies.
Last night I walked into my room ( without turning on the light switch ) and tripped over a laundry basket, and fell on my face.
“we love [NAME]!”
`` Mom, I am so cold, mostly my hands are so cold.
My landlord had one outside my apartment for a while...this went up in my window for a few days. LOL
No, every movie shouldn't be like that. But a good protagonist is a good protagonist!
Find a tv show to participate in, bat your eyes, cry a little.
Idk if you ask most store managers they will say they started as a cart pusher Probably bullshit but still.....
The argument [NAME] is making is that expecting women to cook is considered sexist but expecting men to shovel snow is fine. It's about the double standard.
Has anyone noticed that @npr stories in recent days all paint positive accomplishments for Trump and challenges for Hillary? #surprised  #surprised
Su’s case — anyone who studied and practiced piano can play some. You can’t call jazz bad just ’cause you don’t get it — classic sour grapes 🤗
@CallofDuty how do u guys determine teams? Cause I'm 80% on shitty teams when I play and I'm fuckin over it #cod  #cod
You cant.Its the idiot civilian drivers fault for probably just staying behind him like a zombie. Unless they come out with heated trailers soon.
Go away please ... I'm begging »»» #depression #anxiety #worry #fear #sadness \nDreams of joy and my baby to be found...Sits on #AndisBench #depression #anxiety #worry #fear #sadness #andisbench
I'd be ok with this former Israeli IDF general.
This game is a pain in the ass. There are few things as infuriating as getting dicked by 3s all game. Flashbacks to the 2nd Orlando game.
And that's why he's always injured
Woo hoo!
I met bf of 3 yrs on it
Apologies, I should have been more specific. Where abouts is JD?
Juicing at 19 seems so extreme to me
I needs that ship skin!
"So... I'm gonna go back to my class and sit in my seat like you told me to, if you don't mind..."
So it’s part of a series? Because I feel like [NAME] is in every other video game in this art style
Ok that was a rude way to send him off. Can I have hot doctors again
Just a pretty parrot. He pops over to say g'day to a mate of mine most sunny arvo's.
I agree. This is assault. Leave the ignorant hill [NAME] alone.
I was guessing because you can use the HVAC in a Prius without running the engine. They're good vehicles to live in for that reason
I dread this drive every Wednesday 😩
I love [NAME], he’s literally the craziest couch in the nba lol! He could win couch of the year or be fired next week!
So he's a twitch streamer who plays fortnite, thats cool. But How does he end up being the DJ at a concert? Lmao
I know very well what Whole Foods is, which makes it all the more upsetting that I missed the joke anyway
You're right, that's a solid advice. I will give it some time and if I am unhappy I will start distancing myself. Thanks!
No, he's fine. It doesnt compact
Let's not pretend that all fetishes are fine.
Follow me on Snapchat 👻 Carlabtst15 #snapchat  #snapchat
I really wish this wonderful person would run for president! <3
This is interesting. You want to share experiences with her but not necessarily have sex with her?
Just gotta day that age gap might have something to do with this. I bet he hates that dang rap music too.
Oh, their theme gives me anxiety.
I’m sorry :(
YES! *-*
Nobody said they don't have the right. It's still embarrassing.
This is the most perfect , and fitting meme in this sub
Why thank you
hmmm....
Thanks for your kind words. They made me tear up a bit.
Glad I could help. Feels good once in a while, I know the feeling.
the lack of respect for [NAME], [NAME] and the rest of the [NAME] in here is incredible
The guy is clearly kidding... not sure how you missed that
I hate to say this but I love the drama around this all.... idk. My life is boring
There’s a fairly strong intersection between white supremacists and antivacs from what I’ve noticed
Pretty cool.
"[NAME]!" *screeched the two apprentices as they tried to prove their worth to the the one who shall not be named*
TrollX doesn't appear in /r/all; mods made it that way because we kept getting brigades of shitheads every time a post got remotely popular.
I thought it was going to cut to them still trying to get it out of its mouth! When the kid was holding it again I lost it
I'm not trolling. This push for pro vaccines just seems strange.
I'm here through the week. So far I've met [NAME], French and Haitian people and it's been amazing!
>tyrannical absolutes = must be sarcasm Oh, sweet summer child...
Lmao if that's insensitive to you, you'd better stay off the internet.
I have no idea Lmao. One of the kids at my school shared it. 16. Actually cares about politics. So L
Shhhh it's ok
When anger rises, think of the consequences. #quote #wisdom  #quote #wisdom
Why would you give your credit info to a company who doesn’t do background checks???
[NAME] gotta fix his free throws this is ridiculous
This game is so good, nearly every dc character you can think of is in it
Wait.....What? You do know that's not how it works, right?
She voted against the $700 billion budget last year. Her national security views are kind of hazy overall though. I don't know much about them.
I take a right turn, and without the danger of exaggeration and with all the truth I hold in my heart, sitting in front of me was the hospital.
No is just apologize and explain the situation
Not without giving up someone in our top 6 and probably more
Biting the hand that feeds them
Wow that has to be the best advice I’ve ever gotten. Thank you
I didn't believe it until I saw a video with creepy music. CREEPY. MUSIC. That's when my eyes were opened.
Sorry, no trivia today. Calendar had a fun fact which I'll edit this post with when I get back to it
That isn't really true if you've watch all Arsenal games this season.
thank you very much, i do not care for it one bit
Is she talking about his dickee?
[NAME] was pretty rude to the maintenance guy too, but what a comeback he had for [NAME]!
[NAME] fucking [NAME] please no
Habs-Flames has always been my dream final. Right our last wrong.
[NAME] is a fucking trooper
That jerk ignored multiple warnings — what are the train police doing? Would they act the same if it were a Chinese passenger?
"Fake neeeeeews !"
Oh, it was THAT episode?
Freedom of speech does not mean freedom from consequences. This guy missed out hard cause she's smokin' hot.
#firsttweetever sippin #hotchocolate wondering #why I finally gave in &lt;3 haha #hellloooootwitter - ...its because #facebookisforfamily #rage #firsttweetever #hotchocolate #why #hellloooootwitter #facebookisforfamily #rage
Not cool Op...not cool...
I'm now scared to post this link]( I guess I should [stop.
I bet the people who migrated here legally some time ago would love to see the problems they fled from follow them back here!
I can definitely relate, but I haven’t yet resigned myself to such a fate. Maybe I a few more years....
Was anyone on just now, and got booted from the server? It now looks like both servers are down, both are 9999 ping for me.
Yeah, I started to see that as a better option from reading these comments since I own most of the house anyway. Thanks for your advice.
I saw those dreams dashed &amp;&amp; divided like a million stars in the night sky that I wished on over &amp;&amp; over again ~ sparkling &amp;&amp; broken.
Blizzard was working with Activision long before Hots. I'm afraid its too late now, to divorce.
Look at that shit-eating grin
Totally fair. All I was trying to remind everyone is don't fall in love with your crushes.
I had 'tacos de cabeza' in Mexico — \x62\x65\x65\x66 head. All sorts of interesting bits like cheek, tongue, brain. Delicious.
I wanted Dallas to win today so they could lose next week. I don’t want LA anywhere near the Super Bowl.
#Jazz - the #blues is the roots, the rest is the fruits #jazz #blues
Hahaha I wish I was that witty at the time, I think I was still in naive shock at the rudeness of people in retail.
I appreciate this reference very much
using the crying emoji is a sin against humanity, and you should be executed via the electric chair for doing so.
I am more than pleasantly surprised I clicked this link
Aberdeen st Johnstone, let's see who can punt it the furthest #awful #awful
Super unflattering. [NAME] is not overweight but this ensemble made her appear chunky.
What a trainwreck
Okay, thank you!
Damn dude, can’t believe I never considered this possibility.
this is painful
That cat's jump when the coyote takes his eyes off him.. Ouch!
They've usually had dementia for a good while before they become aggressive. I don't think you have anything to worry about for a long time.
It's like an instinct for idiots to downvote without even reading a comment first if they sense the word vegan in it haha
Step out of your comfort zone. \nGo for risks.\nFace things you fear. \n\nThis is when life starts to happen.\n\n#cpd
Happy New Year to you too!
That's not even the sub I put. Bad bot.
@NativeApprops @SBShear @HuffingtonPost Shew. That was
So deport the bad guys and let the asylum seekers come in. Sounds like we don’t need a wall anyway.
You’re a good man. Stay blessed
@DDNewsHindi  #UNGA no talks should be carried out with Pakistan now ... His mouth stinks of  #UriAttack #unga #uriattack
didn’t know [NAME] was still alive
in health we did a think about depression and now i feel like i have it
If he doesn’t play tomorrow then we should start worrying
I know it’s out of control!
Most likely. If he falls to our 3rd round pick ,I think we should definitely take him.
I’m so glad I’m not the only one with this stuck in my head now!
He helped him up. And [NAME] walked back, mad at himself for falling for it
are you printing labels through ebay/paypal/other online service? You get a discount there. If you're paying retail, stop it.
Dude I hope you get help and get clean again. Best of luck to you.
good luck!!
Do you orgasm when you’re on your own? Are you a virgin?
Good luck on your grad school applications! 💪
[NAME] is my favorite qb prospect and I've been watching football for 11 years
I love working with people but sometimes I really hate people. 🤷🤷🤷
He happily accepts the hugs. He hugs me now and again. He also has no problem accepting hugs from his mum.
Im sorry I was just trying to help, thank you for educating me ill do better, Happy New year!
The Quarterback' wrecks me every time.. #glee #glee
Some of these people at this protest are just there for the adrenaline rush. #depressing #depressing
Too bad he went back home to Nepal, it's always great seeing these young spinners getting a go in the BBL.
I still have no idea what "died three times" means...
Subsidies and tax breaks, same as here
Soooo badly want to dye my hair dark but have never been dark before soooo torn 😭😭😭
Why did you post my autobiography
Lol oooops!
I just gave you a quote direct from the current finance minister regarding the supply. Get real, man.
Suck my good behaviour!
[NAME] rolls with his kitties and is hard as fuck.
Why is this being downvoted lol?
Those smuggler missions were decently fun. Hold on a minute, I think I may play [NAME] again just to pass the time...
Step back and think about your comment then delete it.
Nah. It's their job. Just tip well
Out of curiosity, what is your profile pic/info?
Thank you and likewise to you friend!
You are also church people. Just ask her out "Hey my relationship is open and you seem awesome, can I take you out for coffee?"
I hate this and I love you for sharing it
@Remedy0_ switch host no bullet rage.
I want to know if he was ever with [NAME]. We needed more [NAME].
2 biggest fears: incurable STD's and pregnancy...I mean, they're basically the same thing anyway #forlife #annoying  #weirdsmells #forlife #annoying #weirdsmells
Sneaky ass ESPN changing their app so I almost accidentally purchase ESPN+ for the low price of 4.99 a month.
My second child’s a month younger than Zao’an, and it’s cold over New Year, so we stayed home. Dad took the elder back for visits. Married nearly 10 years, still unfamiliar with in-laws, dislike socializing. This excuse worked this year, but next year I’ll have to go — not happy.
Lol thank god someone else thinks this. There's nothing overly premium or innovative about the Elite controller.
Saw this yesterday and it's way funnier with the whole joke spoiled by the /r/bestof title, for sure.
I'm I the only one actually rooting for them to make the playoffs next year, I don't hate them or anything unless we face em
Everyone can work hard, but not everyone has talent. Those without talent should let effort outweigh it; those with talent should let effort and talent go hand in hand. Keep it up!
Second story (equally creepy):
I’ve been on team [NAME] since he won the axe toss competition after the draft, lol
Yeah I legitimately have no idea what he's talking about... cr lk is a chain
[NAME]! You made me the happiest girl that could eva be!
I put "haha" after everything I say because I'm insecure
facetune is hard work you fucking pore. I work all day to support this family and this is the thanks I get?
If you are a [NAME] and he is a real person, then changing his ethnicity should be an issue, right?
WHY WOULD YOUR LANDLORD GIVE A STRANGER KEYS TO YOUR APARTMENT?!?!
Didnt even know that was a thing.. yeah well ill probably never be a public figure so it doesnt really matter i guess lol
Just doesn't really work if the DM doesn't want it to...
Shame the cashback @mbna @AmexUK credit card comes to an end. I used to look forward to that end of year bonus. Sad really. #cashback  #cashback
Beans, yo! I used to hate them but now I sometimes just eat a can of beans for a meal. They are hella filling too.
You’re so close:) hope you can get one
Wow [NAME] retained NO combat skills from the time he was [NAME] to help him fight Cicada at that bar
They keep leaving [NAME] open 😂
I was expecting the top comment to be the copypasta. Glad to see that wasn’t the case.
Thanks. And I suppose, but I think I gave up on justice. It’s too late. I just want revenge now.
I don't know why you even talk to human trash like this. Instead you should motivate him to leave her - at least that would be productive.
Bon on allume madden
I was there in 89-91. Some of the best years of my life.
His mom is indeed half black, [NAME] brother [NAME] confirmed it years ago in an interview. Doesn't fit the white supremacist narrative.
No it’s definitely you. Time for you to grow up.
Yeah, I wouldn't be too surprised by that either. I'm so excited to see or hear SOMETHING though.
Worst father ever award?
I know in my brain I need to get it back, but I have to find a way to make it real again.
I do hate fortnite dances
I really love this title.
Here Also have no idea but I think I'd prefer their attraction over any other race
I might be missing a joke myself, but woosh.
Nah it's just weird that they wouldn't try diazepam first since it's so often used.
I just need a quiet place to hide.
@stevesingiser @POLITICO_Steve Put a damper on my mood.
I’ve had the impossible burger. I was actually amazed. Thorough review here looking forward to trying the beyond burger
That last little desperate jump to avoid impact? I felt that in my soul.
@tamriiel I was talking about further in the expansion, with more gear - fury always does well towards the end
It’s the format. It’s like one of those bad [NAME] memes
SKAM was great. I literally binged all of S3 as soon as I got home last night.
Some parents only care about themselves. They film crying kids for attention, storm off when disobeyed — treating children as property. Heartbreaking.
Thanks so much for the advice! Will definitely keep that in mind
Beautiful... Thanks for sharing!
That was.. very confusing and entirely unhelpful? I read it three times and got nothing from this.
Let it go, look to the future, do not live in the past
No one's gonna chill bc fake outrage is fun or w/e but SPACE COLLEGE
Crap. Absolutely missed that when typing my paragraph mountains. Fixed.
Happy birthday kiddo, free updoot for u
Who knows with how over confident and glowing Lucasfilm seemed with TLJ I wouldn't be surprised by anything.
Glad to share knowledge and you’re welcome. > father for [RELIGION] Didn’t understand this statement of yours!?
Technically, that time passed a very long time ago. She might not have much of an option anymore.
We get to the porch and my dog starts *growling*, like a big boy growl, like shits going down growl.
I wonder why! :/
we need to deregulate more so we can beat them. america needs to be #1 in something #1
You have great points. !delta
I keep thinking about how almost a year ago exactly I found my PCP and had 2 problems-my shoulder and my back.
It's almost like they actually prepared to govern instead of just obstruct. Remember "Repeal **and replace**"?
Yep - I was meaning for that to be rhetorical. And thanks, I'm looking out for numero uno!!!
my school photo is honestly horrid, i look so ew😅
ummmm Wulp I personally love a feminine man. I prefer it, ‘manly men’ are gross and stupid
if today is the first time you're playing FFXII I am happy for you. #Zodiacage #zodiacage
Glad I took the 1st half spread
Feel the wrath of my air-dropped pamphlets!
This reminds me - I need to feed my horse......thanks AOC
That is the issue with most things, if you work there you can not win, as well as friends and family members.
I'm curious, what words were used? I cannot for the life of me conjure up the Hindi sentence for this in my brain
That sounds delicious! Looks like I’m making a trip to the supermarket today.
That year I was home playing WoW, raiding Zul’Aman. On voice chat, someone shouted “Earthquake!” — one teammate didn’t move.
Possible sad tyre
I shout for you among the starlight — all my best years are tied to you!
omg I remember be exactly like this and being so excited, gahhhh I might even believe I’m more excited than you hahahah.
[NAME] bless [NAME]
😩😩😩😩 heads melted, very tired but can't sleep. #nightmare #nightmare
is there a wikihow for that? edit: [of fucking course there is]
I find it gross, especially when it starts to cool. Chicken is great but leave it out of my dip and off my pizza.
A pessimist is someone who, when opportunity knocks, complains about the noise #mikeshumor #mikeshumor
Too many calories, my brain just couldn't deal.
It’s not about being borderline — it just looks vulgar, lacking any cultural depth.
How the fu*k! Who the heck! moved my fridge!... should I knock the landlord door.  #mad ## #mad
I don’t think anyone on this show has ever joined a sport for exercise. [NAME] is awesome!!!
Not out of a trash can though, surely? That'd be disgusting.
Sure that's a good way. Unfortunately, I am not a gamer per se.
I meet new people and I had to grow up with the reality that people can be desgusting and fake and so I lost my cheerfulness and started to
Love the gif but I bloody hate these kinds of captions. It's as annoying and cringey as a fully grown adult doing baby-talk.
As I understand if our Libel laws had been as shitty as the ones in the UK he could.
Love the user name ;)
Blah blah blah Kyrie, IT, etc. @CJC9BOSS leaving Boston is the real news and I am #devastated! #celtics #fave  #someonegetmeajerseyteeasap #devastated #celtics #fave #someonegetmeajerseyteeasap
Everything, and I mean everything, matched up.
just keep swimming further off that deep end
@pugglelover3691 some of those haters are just taught hate and not shown love. There is a good quote that goes to your comment tiff, treat
The math so far appears to indicate something more damning. The question I'm curious about is whether the information will come out before summer.
Damn the Cubs fell hard!
trailer fabulous!!! i miss it
reminds me of Far Cry 5
I know they are treated very well, but some of them do die.
Of course I love myself because I'm awesome.
I used to sell appliance parts. Yes, I need your model number. No, the part you are looking for isn't "standard."
I appreciate him entirely because of the segment he did for The Daily Show were he absolutely shit on anti war protesters in
@Berbaqueue @_indubioproreo shocking work ethic by our players, Rooney stifled by their laziness
It's hard to try to evaluate yourself, but I appreciate you trying.
Now maybe :)
Stop spreading rumors. In all these years of testing, only the elderly and children have priority—never “locals first.” Is this blogger deliberately exaggerating?
Who's we? Because a lot of people on your side don't seem to want that.
But tbh, i dont think i am disgusting, but my feet still get smelly after a while
I don't know what's worse, the new Pizza Hut commercials or the pizza that Pizza Hut makes.
I’m baked and the fact that you updated yourself is extremely satisfying to me so thanks for that.
Girl I went to school with was killed like this.
Does mainstream [NAME] == mainstream scholarly view?
[NAME] doesn't believe in tipping.
Through this exhausting journey, facing all the disputes, he never gave up — still training diligently. I hope his innocence will be proven soon!
You’re looking at clocking out of work two hours after you should have been finished, lol.
I hate when these crooks say it ain't so cuz it is🇫🇷😤
Im 13 I can't get a job..
Had frustration dream that left me utterly f**king furious. Plus side: so angry couldn't sleep, wrote 1500 words. Minus side: still raging!
Thank you, I always try to keep professional (despite their lack of it). I will definitely do Glassdoor
I’ll join your cause brother!
Great job thanks!
What's her name? I'm wondering if since it's being posted now years later Reddit might do it's thing and solve some crimes.
Also, do you have a link with updates? I cannot find any reports like this.
So they are up thanks
Hmmm...I'm sure you were being very reasonable beforehand.
And yet [NAME] can't even get a pub gig, homeboy was born the wrong colour
Wow, you are quite the romantic...
It’s a circlejerk that’s so strong it could power a small country
Your paranoia over it seems schizophrenic to me. Just in case you are not, please elaborate on why this is important to society.
She is an asshat for driving on the walkway but fuck these guys. They should probably find something better to do with their lives.
What if I dont want the service? Why should I be forced to purchase that service?
By the time the trial ends, he’ll be old. There’s injustice everywhere — local or global. If you’re capable, people will trouble you. I’d rather just live quietly and safely.
True story? Haha
Not to mention [NAME] screening two defenders haha
I would like to see the after justice of idiots like this
yep. Sucks don't it? You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares.
Having a terrific Tuesday? Crush it today with the Power of 4. Treat your internet like Pizza =D \n#PowerOf4
lol not wearing any clothes in the pic
Yes I agree
Actually be arsed with my sister sometimes, she controls the TV 90% of the time and when I watch one thing she gets in a huff 🙄
love you comrade! <3 you should get a cool flair too
I saw this to, thanks tho :) it helps but not as much as I'd like
Clam is what your looking for.
Keep gg too bro!
oh I get it now. Forget I said anything
Never heard of the artist or the song. But it sounds really great! Thank you for sharing!
I don't define myself by my sexuality. Conservatives who want to kill me do.
In my hometown county, pay is ¥1,500 — 14-15 hour days — yet bosses still think that’s too high…
That’s it guys, we’re racist now
Thank you! I will take that warning under consideration. History is brutal but there's detail and unnecessary detail.
i already gave away too much of the secret it's relevant save yourself before its too late
You’ve become the very thing you swore to destroy
Yep, I've heard this alot, and when you ask for them to rationalize it, they can't.
It is January after all. The yard in my house is looking horrific right now - I haven't been out in 4 months!
I think it’s funny, especially those eyes! Lol
No wonder I can not use my Visa card in China. [NAME] is doing the right things. China must stop its unfair business practices.
Hope you had fun atleast; it's amazing to see up close in person compared to the camera.
I’d probably need up spending all of my money on food and ammo, I like having a limit
Do you have any recommended places? A lot of the sites I’ve looked at want you to pay, kinda hard when your broke lol.
For myself and my lustful habitual sins if you don’t care. I’ll be praying for everyone in this thread too.
Yeah this is definitely a wooosh.
I bet your all of the rage at parties
Well, i really can not believe that in 21 century religion can offer solution for all the problems.
He's 34 years old.
Damn this is experience talking.
It's not just what he said, it was the way he said it. Good stuff.
Thanks the mental heath team at the hospital were good, I can always check in there, if it’s too much
Congrats on quitting my man. [NAME] speed in your recovery.
Great person, tough as hell, will truly be missed😢
@Tomstarling86 He didn't have many chances to show what he can do but looked lively and had a good shot tipped over the bar before the end.
seems like [NAME] and [NAME] are the ones playing you, [NAME]
I love how happy he looks while listening to tool.
Outdoor cats have a lifespan of about 5 years so allowing them outside is basically a prolonged death sentence.
Glad you liked it!
That was like a movie the way [NAME] and [NAME] were slaying on the enemy ship with Cobbobles firing canons from their ship.
When you've still got a whole season of Wentworth to watch and a stupid cunt in work ruins it for us 😭😭 @__KirstyGA #raging #oldcunt #raging #oldcunt
@tomsteinfort expected i thought #fear #fear
It's not exactly hard to keep track.
Weird but effective
@feistyarcher -trouble,' he feigned anger and gave her a look that told her to behave. He knew she wouldn't though, and that was one of -
We have laws against all that. Get the police to do take action.
Damn video made me think there was audio!!
Ah well hopefully they learn from this. You can never be overprepared for a live show.
This is not a good formation. We’ve been over this. It just ends up being crossed lobbed into the box by [NAME]
Well I guess there's one positive of no deal at least
I dealt drugs like FIZZLE ROCKS to help my sick mom.
Cool thanks for the reply. Always keen to learn from the actual people haha!
FUCKING DIN!!!
Hahah, it's all good now since I've got a mouse now
She's passed away.
Wine drunk is the worst version of myself ffs, don't even remember seeing basshunter #shocking #shocking
Wouldnt believe that much, surely rather stay and win the league first, cant blame him tbh
Don't worry, he's getting Karma.
Can attest. Vitamin deficiency here. Certain vitamins help alleviate bags under my well-rested eyes.
This is a thing of beauty
Wonder how the iPhones working out
Are you implying that you can't take a joke?
Part of my heart yearns for a Thief MMO. Instead of a hundred zones, just one densely packed City.
@DuncM1981 @pmallon72 At the risk of being blocked I thought that video from the wake was hilarious.
I live in Orlando, where was this? lol
Sorry actually [NAME] runs this one. [NAME] runs the daily wire. Also I didn’t see anywhere in there where she said that
Thanks- I'll take your advice.
If it's all for [NAME] I'll forgive it.
Alright, thanks again
Headed to Montalvo w/@jaxster3—bring on the #mirth, bitches!\nd(-_-)b\n@Nick_Offerman\n@MeganOMullally\n#SummerOf69Tour2016 #mirth
This is so cruel. I literally feel physically sick.
Money, specifically other people’s money in large quantities.
I don't understand the title.
@ArizonaCoyotes not to mention the GRA guy stops me but let's the 2 ppl in front of me go. WTF. My blood is boiling.
[NAME] has 6 eyes and will thus be the best actor in the movie
I love how all of you toss the blame on [NAME] as if [NAME] isn't just as responsible..gotta love revisionist history
My sister’s been overthinking lately, fearing people want to harm her. Hope she recovers soon 🙏🙏🙏
Have you talked to your boyfriend about your feelings?
@torreBe Te gusta American horror story y The walking dead?
Plus [NAME] has won before. [NAME] is a perennial loser. All he has ever done is played on teams that were the worst in the NHL.
As a photographer this portrait shooting mode on the iPhone 7 Plus is going to frustrate me ~75% of the time but delight ~25% of the time.
Yeah, the gauntlet ruins everything
Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything.
I miss him on our pp
Millennials are from 1981-1995. 1983 falls in that range.
It's actually somewhat maddening to me that there are people who watch his video and actually think he is doing a public service. Yikes..
@RLH2606 if u know who died.. I would also burst out crying....\nFrom JOY!!! 😉
I actually like visiting relatives—it’s one of the few times you sense another family’s feel and scent. Home reflects people.
As someone who's been trying to break the bad eating habits, I feel you.
That was me a lot before I accepted myself as Trans
Yeah that helps. Thanks :)
What’s with Pazhou Station? Only exits A/B open, C/D closed? Line 8 trains to Jiaoxin stop, but to Wanshengwei skip the station entirely?!
That glo up though. Omg 😍😍😍
That's Crash Chaos Cats. Same username on other networks.
How are you doing man? I mean, what's up in your life right now? You seem really miserable tbh.
I live completely alone, and as I pull the popcorn out of the pantry, I hear an ominously distinct "SSSSHHHH" sound.
It's great with Brave
(btw she wasnt puffy, swelling, having a hard time breathing).
Well that's why I'm reading up on the scientific research available. It's possible that it could mean that
Thank you! Definitely listening to this one.
Slacks casting, oh no here we go... I'm ready for the memes.
This is a beautiful day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice and be glad!!!
I lowkey love the chicken and waffles from longhorn chicken. It’s a food truck in west campus.
oh i don’t want to bother anyone with my pathetic problems
good luck. I'm hoping to get hrt this year and be a girl for my senior year.
Sorry then. My bad. Let's hope there is no full scale war any time soon btw.
Thank you! Does it contain clinical trails?
It seems hazy, and there’s been conflicting messages
You: I'm an athiest [NAME]: idc
I am going to make it my life's mission to discourage anyone from using @CapitalOne. They will rob you blind
OMG its youuuuuuu u/Sippinthatminttea. I remember you 😆 😆 😆 "interesting creature" 😋 😂
I'm so glad Mercy's have to actually try now.
Unless he was lying about his age, no.
That's so cool 😀 thanks!
I just switched to the extra srength coconut oil one and i absolutely love it
Hold up you saying you wouldnt do that to the necromancer?
When [NAME] shoots FTs you can really see the belly of that guy in the front row. It's awesome
Id be pretty weary if a girl wouldn't talk about previous relationships.
Huh our foster loves being snuggled in a blanket, but our dog we've had for 6 years hates being covered.
no matter what he says, this man is not a [NAME].
I really don't think healthy people with no other emotional issues regret having their kids.
I had a choice between him and obj at 6 overall and I’m glad I went with [NAME]
Yea gotta get that sweet .05% on $3,000. Gonna retire with it!
Your gf is cheating on you and your relationship is dead IMO.
Rematch against UVA, eh? First one to 40 wins!
[NAME] is giving me the 2016 AO vibes... hope he doesn't get injured again
Funny, the right only seems to say this about women and people of color 🤔🤔🤔
Thank you. And I love your flair. My toddler is the same haha
I'm seeing similar on Android, chrome browser. Other than that, great stuff!
[NAME] loves you. Be yourself and don’t let bigots stop you.
One day you should go get that donut! Personally, life wouldn’t be worth living if I couldn’t occasionally enjoy a gourmet donut 🍩
Dude i wish you the best. I had one and it had been removed though surgery about 5 years ago. The best of luck
FFS. I find very few things more upsetting than reading their vile, twisted thought processes.
I cant wait until /r/fuckthealtright is labeled as a Neo-Nazi group. That'd just tickle my pickle.
... that's inflatin' LAOP's frustration?
Thank [NAME] she did the math for us
Do you read any of the content on this sub? Lol. Because it contains very specific detailed critiques and concerns that you're conveniently ignoring...
[NAME] damn I love Coops
We absolutely can't leave the first three rounds without an offensive tackle. Preferably Round 1 or 2
I would wake up sometime later shaking, perhaps trying to rid myself of the sleep paralysis.
Usually they ask, and the generic is almost always cheaper. It's shitty of them not to ask though.
Toxic feminism is ti blame
Shriekfest is lining up VOLUNTEERS! Oct 6-9, only serious inquiries please!  shriekfest@aol.com  see free films!
not really but [NAME] has written many interesting books on the subject.
More like [NAME] stalker,lol.
Im glad your out too! Im glad you found joy in camping =)
Gross. Don’t need that diva. Build it up from the trenches out.
Hmm, I understand your frustration then
just a peep from /r/leagueoflegends here with some popcorn
Of course you can. We have the freedom to choose *who* exploits us, but not whether or not we are exploited.
@GambinoDeeJay @Linda76Graham @mikeeshy \n\nAnd also, trying to find it on Youtube is a fucking nightmare.
There was a commercial about men encouraging other men not to perpetuate toxic masculinity. Of course the Republicans felt it was condescending and anti-men.
You this might be pure chromosome but theyr not hurting anyone
Sorry I took so long, it’s the pangolin! It’s a crazy mammal with armor scales!
Did I say he was a scammer? I said he's disgusting and there's nothing endearing about him at all. Not surprised this subreddit is defending him
I can't believe people voted us to beat Sydney. I've become extremely optimistic over the past few months and even i voted Sydney.
They use pencils in college now?
I reluctantly take my head off the death machine and turn around to find none other then Jill Nevins sitting some 10 yards behind me, enjoying lunch on the other side of the fence.
Yeah I never tried because I think it's stupid.
CNN has video of the arrest. Someone needs to put the cops theme over it.
I hope you’re trolling. Anyway, have a good night.
I didn't know that, thank you for teaching me something today!
[NAME] belongs to no one.
Of course he will lie cheat and steal to make him self relevant to the public. Horrible person.
i'm like amused by the auntie who's holding my arm all the way, and i'm thinking of all the weird pictures i took with yongqing, then i remembered my flying eyebrows, and my smile = & %!
Yes, but shockingly that was the first post of hers I’ve read in years that didn’t make me want to claw my eyes out.
I thought they were talking about the cat.
We're going to get City in the next round for a revenge.
Thank you soooo much 😍
woke take I appreciate you speaking the truth
I love when @pinksaltwarrior angry tweets bc it makes me laugh but also hate it bc it makes me miss her more
as much as I could tolerate - sadly I gave you a view.
I'd rather not be in the 90's kid category anyways.
Next drag superstar
This was extremely helpful, many thanks!
People say 'confidence is attractive' which is definitely true. That doesn't mean that being arrogant or pretending to be confident is attractive.
Omg what the ever loving bloody hell did I just read?? As an artist, this was extra painful to me.
Harry's appears to actually be worse. Check out their charity choices.
It was more of a joke. I still have hope for [NAME]. Just kind of a tough sell at this point.
@RegalisAzura \ngrasp the cobalt woman's own; which they did fairly easily. Fair cheeks would ignite into a fiery hue. Warm.. was the only
>”The Palestinian [NAME] population is rotten to the core.” Source
@URClassless I think that yawning actor died of a drug overdose.
Now if you can teach her english, the real fun starts.
@djddueces jojo at 12:30 and not midnight lets rage WRYYYYYY
@JusticeWillett Lord, we don't understand tragedy. Do what You do best: bring good grom it and comfort those who mourn. Amen
>Congratufuckinglations Good one! You got a good chuckle out of me.
You know the ones?
My arms started to ache, but I had to do another 200 and I thought, no I came all this way for nothing so I continued!
well, i mean, he served his sentence and repaid his debt. is his punishment over, or is it forever?
Go help the cause.@plantingaseed.net. #recovery  #sober #addiction #recovery #sober #addiction
I'm confused what you're crying about. The situation has very little to do with us.
Look... they are pretending it never happened. Lol.
Hard to get motivated to play when the fans are burying one of your teammates.
Honestly, an obvious possibility is you find the men who you are banging other than him to be more attractive.
You forgot about the [NAME] congresswoman.
It warms my heart to know that [NAME] is still
That makes perfect sense! Thank you for explaining in a way that doesn't try to make me feel stupid for not knowing the answer.
And I wish I wasn't lumped in with new jersey.
they're called queens for a reason, fuck democracy
The whole house and the people and the flame seemed to vanish and leave me in an endless darkness as soon as my eyes were closed.
My mums told me about gunmen standing at the end of her driveway escorting her family to school, really shudder worthy stuff
He doesn't realize she's banging the ukulele guy.
There is no way around it :(
Oh [NAME], me and kiwi or pineapple. Or that feeling when a tortilla chip gets stuck in the roof of your mouth
That's what everyone says every start of the season
Try to keep yourself busy with other things to forget the thoughts.
Sorry but I’m out of the loop on this. What and when is in play? Thanks.
But, it entertains you.... in some way. Thats the point dude.
We have been a better second half team this season. So there's that.
Been sober this entire year. Still not sure what to do with my hands. Might become a cigar guy. Gotta tweak on something ya know?
I have seen this gif like once a week for a year, and I still cringe every time.
It's interesting, if this was about invasive food smells in an apartment this conversation probably wouldn't be happening.
Oh, you're completely right. I'm an idiot. I'll be here eating my words.
> I'll only debate subjects I'm knowledgable of. Then you're not good at debating.
yeah but FUCK devil roar. I swear a volcano happens every single time I step on land there
I was tested for the flu on Saturday and it came back negative, but yea it probably is a cold or something
someones mad they lost the election FeelsGoodMan
!RemindMe 10 hours
Oh man, I forgot about eBay! I have some old textbooks I’ve been meaning to put on there too.
time flies so fast when you're 18. i didnt expect id turn 30 and still a virgin. hah
But this was a supposed psychopath attack, which can happen to anyone, not a rape attack that mostly happens to women
Brendan Rodgers looks fuming 😭
>But a leader who strikes fear Like when people were worried [NAME] might murder them?
Like....what even is the purpose of that lie? Ahaha
Thog don’t care about [NAME]
One of the rare times I actually laugh out loud while browsing online.
The comments are hilarious — netizens really are fence-sitters. Where are those keyboard warriors who once clamored to tear him down? Why aren’t they preaching from the moral high ground now?
i had already decided that i was completely fine other than my ankle.
A Canadian Breakfast for €0?!? Unbelievable, what a world we live in.
Exactly. It's rediculous
>Star centre [NAME] in the leadership group Oh my
Oh come on, they’ll survive it all, they LOVE EACH OTHERRRR!!!
This sub is becoming a “Gamers rise up” parody of itself. This is ridiculous.
Uh... What's stopping you from just throwing it away?
Ahhh. A civil and interesting conversation on the internet. How refreshing.
Buncha people having (admittedly loud) fun. Don’t really see the issue.
Ok, then what the actual fuck is your plan?
[NAME] has an amazing track record. I think some people forget how innovative and unpredictable the [NAME] era offense was.
yeah you're right. i just glanced over and thought it was a swish haha
[NAME] earned it I think. He was godlike at world's. But [NAME] is the absolute worst S+ on this list.
Goodbye [NAME]. I hope you get reincarnated as someone who can stay awake for 15 minutes!
Too late with having it back. I really did'nt have much back then. So I had a really hard time too.
If you just slam on the brakes and accommodate these assholes they usually don't even realize they've done anything wrong
@siomo @NEWSTALK1010 20 says he gets reelected..... #be  #be
Check that rabid post history lol
The situation never should’ve gotten to that point.
Finally Mesut!
Many men don’t really understand that
I like that she thinks the water will save her.
It is a huge property with an 1850's settlement house, large interpretive/nature center, replica native american village, and about 100 acres of old growth oak forrest with hiking trails.
Sorry to burst your bubble but [NAME] is more popular than [NAME]
Ugh. What a way to go.
Yeah, you gotta have the whole saga. Had em pressed on BluRay with the menus and everything to give to my dad for Christmas
Andromeda is that type of game that has extreme potential in becoming a great game, but it botched it in all the little things.
Ah, I work 9-5 :( but I appreciate the invite!
We're not exactly short on white homophobes either though.
Coming from [NAME] even though it’s a hypothetical question it’s still gotta feel scary
It is really boring. There is a culture in church, but it is essentially soulless and is really only weirdness with a heaping of superiority complex.
If it weren't for my horse, I wouldn't have spent that year in college.
As a woman, I have to say I think you aren’t wrong about this.
has nothing to do, was removed. Please keep reporting posts like these.
Yeah, all of their SB's have been really entertaining. Nothing worse than an SB like the Seahawks-Broncos from 5 years ago.
Interesting. Are there any studies that show that it’s not natural for humans?
Born and raised on Long Island, kidnapped by my wife now living in Cleveland, Ohio.
I think it's weird that he didn't just wake you up and weirder that he didn't tell you until you noticed it was missing.
“I know what crossing that river means for me; but I also know what crossing that river means for the nation.”
Yup, already blocked his number, he was never supportive
I didnt even recognize [NAME]!!!
How about we get no wall and Medicare for all. Then only the good ideas get funded.
my [NAME] this is just *yes*
Oh god, going to a social event with someone and never leaving their side is me at almost every social event I go to.
IT IS ONLY HUMAN TO COME I WILL BE WELL, FELLOW HUMANS.
Another bumped into my head and * buzzed * there for a moment-ACK!
You got a friend in meeeee...
Why all the downvotes? It's a fucking pizza thread?
So good to see him and good to see he’s doing well! I’ve missed him.
@NHLstoreNYC @TeamNA_WCH #NHLNYCSWEEPSTAKES having fun watching team North America and cheering team Canada! #nhlnycsweepstakes
Because I don't like being fat lol.
I hate these cakes so much.
Press fucken charges the moment they use your info.
Surely hope so, buddy. Surely hope so.
I'm just really sad all that cake was wasted.
I think the appearance cheapens the brand. Seriously, 90 Day Fiancé??? Do the marketing people [NAME] watch these people?
💕❤️💕 I believe in you. Stay strong
It's already a thing though lol
You will never have as many girls interested in you as when you have a girlfriend. They can smell it
A surprise turn of events! I'm so glad you heard such great things about yourself!
Frank's Pizza Bombay Pizza Downtown is also pretty good, a bunch of different flavors. Luigi's Pizza Piola Star Pizza Pi Pizza
It's extremely common. Hell you probably have it yourself and just don't know.
We all know that everyone was doing the Kiki do you love me ironically so that if people do it unironically then we can make fun of them.
[NAME] is my top choice. Love the tape and could anchor the line for many years
I'm leaving to go get some more motherfucking jokes MOM [NAME]
How are they gatekeeping here? There's zero claims being made. They're just standing by a sign.
They’re as good as tagged
And still so few go to college): Such a broken system.
Support reopening, but get vaccinated. If you can’t handle the vaccine, your body’s weak—better stay home; COVID isn’t the only threat outside.
I'd imagine they're mostly fakes. You'd be uncomfortably warm in a real CG Parka in our climate.
omg so grateful to have an education but ive been back at school for 2 (two) days and my back hurts, im exhausted and breaking out already 😍
100% agree. Double standards are ever present. Young girl is sexualised, the whole world goes nuts, but a young boy is somehow perfectly acceptable. It's disgusting.
It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.\n #funny #pun #punny #lol  #funny #pun #punny #lol
Skydive booked 😁😁 #nervous 🛩 #nervous
Damn, I was really hoping for some comeuppance at the end, but at least you no longer have her for a boss, so silver lining.
“A single leaf falling signals winter,” says Huainanzi. Seeing leaves fall, I know winter’s here—it’s the season when I first met you.
I hope you survive this. Losing a friend is a heavy loss
You didnt!
High IQ shitpost 💯 💯
>Working in MD AND DC? Would this be illegal? I will do that, thanks!
Nice try hilary but you lost to those idiot minority
On my way! Thanks!
@MikeGrunwald Anything is better than a Trump ramble. He is awful. Truly truly awful.
I stopped laughing, clearing my throat and looking down again.
Please never let this die.
A MOMENT:\nIf you kill it in the spirit, it will die in the natural!!!'-@PRINCESSTAYE #murder #suicide  #racism #pride #murder #suicide #racism #pride
Wishing a very Happy Birthday to our awesome dancer, Ruthann!!! We hope your day is magical! #bday  #eatcake #bday #eatcake
I watch almost every Bears game as I am in that market lol
You mean *colloquia?*? You guessed wrong, it's my third language.
I tried doing it but it’s hard when you’re Indecisive and always want to remake the characters design
Best not let [NAME] near him, what with her oils and all...
People that choose to work for NGO's already make far less than their corporate counterparts, do you want them to work for free?
I literally never said it costs that much a day. It was just a dumb guess. It's obviously more, mate.
This is a gift for my rematch secret Santa recipient. I hope they’re both confused and amused.
Turns out they weren't wrong about [NAME] either
Good job ignoring [NAME].
@ItWontCostMuch_ 'Bed done... floor will be done last... curtains! A-hah!' She tried to sound all happy and cheery but she really wasn't.--
I feel the same man. Keep going bro!
Thanks, ive been thibking about telling the school principal, maybe itll help
I was waiting for that but this isn't r/nononono or r/Holdmybeer
> the US is a democracy. It's not. Never has been and hopefully never will be.
A bit of a mental image, here.
Damn you have a lot of alts. :D
This would be better posed in r/GCdebatesQT, thank you.
Guy or girl?
Wow! That takes guts! I’m so squeamish that I can hardly stand getting a shot 😂
We occasionally awake from our routines and wonder if we are still alive.
Thanks, I'll do that next time. I didn't mean to get blood on it after all.
Cop: We do have a strict leash law here so you're under arrest.
Interesting. See, that seems much more adult. And actually makes sense. The things we do in the US man...
The maze-like roads in Kangle make orderly sampling impossible — crowds chaotic, staff can’t manage.
Where’s the train police? Isn’t this fueling foreigners’ sense of superiority and disdain for our country? They must be punished per epidemic policy!
The next day the drain clogged up.
This must be where [NAME] got his alias from.
@TikiTakaConnor Eduardo without injury was honestly amazing like so sad he's not looked at in the right light because of his Injuries.
I wish my mom was catgirl savvy.
Lmao it wasn’t free, we were stealing
How can we expect to devise useful interventions if we don't accept the reality of the situation?
@TheYoungEvans_ 'Kylie, you know me. I won't take no for answer for this kind of things...' *he would smirk and start on the crust.*
Great point.
I look forward to it.
Shit, I guess I accidentally bought a Pay-Per-View boxing match
Let your work speak for itself IMO.
I don't know a ton about the history of this specific example so I can't really say.
Who the hell has reddit in anything other than dark mode ??
Oh man! Oh boy!
Sucks even more to be the sons that actually died eh🤔
I've been a huge fan of them since the early days was wondering about this for so long! Glad they explained it/are alright now!
Not sure about the dates off the top of my head, but Feits is so full of shit that theres a good chance he just made this up.
You’re mixed up little buddy.
As you hint at, I think it's more jealousy than prudishness.
If he signs with the Padres: Love If he doesn’t sign with the Padres: Indifferent
ILL TAKE YOUR ENTIRE STALK FTFY
Keeping the stomach warm also helps. Holding the baby with their stomach against yours helps them fall asleep. But it doesn't work all the time unfortunately.
Or just simply hinting at it. All in fun though
That’s the nicest thing ever said to me. Thank you!
No, but you wouldn't believe what I'm not tired of seeing...
We are about a little over an hour away! We will arrive soon, do not fret!
@julwhite chirp chirp! :)
> This isn't where I parked my car Seriously I can't find my car.
I would just like to say that this is an excellent comment. Well-written, and very insightful. Thank you comrade.
"almost" and "nagging" not "killed" and "forced". Wow... When did roleplayers get so damn whinny.
The joke doesn't even have anything to do with the song.
I was expecting “little boys pants would always be ‘half off’!” But that would be in r/unclejokes
Yup. What is interesting is that Newton's third law is not applicable to SJWs... they arose out of a self-hating, anti-free speech vacuum.
Did you even read the post? Literally the first line says she doesn't do anything remotely house wifey.
I love how many penguins stopped and waited for him 😍
... or is it being locked in a loop of a daily treasure hunt?  #optimism #optimism
Im having a real life conundrum cuz i cant find a good spot for my mini hoop and its really starting to depress me
Right? The dollar values just double and two daily doubles.
What a great comeback win! I think that [NAME] goal gave the boys the confidence they needed for the 3rd!
Then we can both work together and prove to ourselves that we don't need them and we can get better
No probs. I'm going to see if some of the smaller communities can add it as a resource to their tabs
Laugh and hang up. Then tell my husband that an ex from 25+ years ago just called me and spouted a bunch of nonsense.
Kind of telling that I haven't received a response really
>If you're not embarrassed they probably won't probe. I'd hope not!
Shameless plug for /r/Harris2020
I sincerely hope they'll take good elements from DMC 2 (outfits, [NAME]) and maybe make fun of DmC
On the last episode of #MakingAMurderer poor Brendan glad they #appeal it  #crime #documentary #reallife #makingamurderer #appeal #crime #documentary #reallife
Did the refs bet the game?
#GoodAfternoon! ^^ Doesn't matter whn you #start something, as long as you start it #today. 'Age' only exists in the mind. You are #Timeless #goodafternoon #start #today #timeless
For a team as big as Bayern and the they like to play football, their pitch is fucking dreadful. Certainly no Emirates pitch anyway.
An afternoon of Big Cat vs Vol Twitter will be fun
Will quickly be removed from lobby screen but the game mode selection button will keep the annoying warning/advert.
Is there anything else you're interested in besides [NAME] & [NAME]?
U.S. are going to fuck this [NAME] guy so hard...he's going to need help to remove all the stars from his rectum
I wish you stayed in Da Gump I'll make you panic like the last rapper
This seems like a good as time as any to ask, what's some hype super robot stuff to check out? I've only ever seen Gurren.
assault? molest just has a connotation of someone being under the influence or without proper faculties
@ceIestialfoxx I don't even remember that part 😅 the movie wasn't terrible, it just wasn't very scary and I expected a better ending 🙄
As my grandma used to say, "When she dies, they'll say there lies the truth, 'cause it never left her."
[NAME] is an awesome film school...not surprised this came from Dodge
Considering you are also a child, I can't say I'm surprised by your edgy hot take.
This kid is a future serial killer.
She has a dirty mind perfectly fine looking cannon until she manifest the awkward scenario.
Uh, she was [NAME] girlfriend. She broke up with him with that text.
AW YEAH HUGE WIN FOR FEMINISM AND WOMEN AMIRIGHT GUYS /s
STAY JADED everyone is #terrible #terrible
Here come the Doterra Boss Babes to the rescue!
The most siamese cat thing ive ever seen- weird, sexy, playful, smart, deadly.
So pure I'm smiling :)
They were dancing to Bolero.
Yeah I was impressed with it too! I've to pay to see results of responses past the 100th one but other than that it's top notch
Constantly fucking boiling and it's not ok
Bet pawpaw is having a good time rejoicing up in heaven for his first birthday there!
Private practice cash only in a wealthy suburban area. Just see the worried well and live the dream.
I was being sarcastic ;)
True but he prob loves football more and def enjoys playing football over baseball
Welcome to freedom! It takes time but you will be stronger than ever! Stick to NC, I cannot express how essential this is!
Thanks. I didn't quite get it from the original. Appreciate the time.
Stop attacking me
There’s nothing more oppressive than having all the power in the world and then having a minority group point it out to you
Right but many people don’t as well. You can’t just assume that someone is gonna perform better...
I do. The only thing I never understand was why it happened in that time.
Excuse me, but define what a "good world" is
Something Is wrong with your account then. The auctions I win get plastered all over my email and app notifications.
(Oddly, enough, his school is just 30 minutes away from mine.
Damn Blake is on fire today
@Idubbbz @LeafyIsHere  I am offended
No because thats stupid
Lafc fan lurking our sub... lol typical plastics.
Thanks bot!
It doesn't cost money to organize. It costs time, effort and concern for your country.
First they came for the socialists, and I did not speak out...
Looks like some salty Detroit fans downvoting you lol
Can't let it get to you. You tried, got rejected, so move on.. Believe me I know it's discouraging but everyone gets rejected.
The most irrelevant comment award..... goes to..... no one else but you.
But hes still in love with me just not as much as he used to be... and he calls me.
My feelings exactly. First thought, a sarcastic 'Thanks.'
We are by far the greatest team the world has ever seen, we are just having a rough patch.
560k views but only 2.5k sales — shows the audience’s weak buying power. Don’t report him; let him stream — the boss will soon see it’s all hype, no sales.
Maybe she’ll think it was cute how shy you were
This meme describes how I feel about 2018 pretty accurately. Cheers to a golden 2019!
Oh wow I didn’t know their website was owned by Sinclair. I thought that was just channel 2.
That is some serious dedication... He must love his job
Fuck your shitty ass title
I once overheard my grandpa telling my brother that “anything more than a handful is a waste”
Im so glad they him a burial.
The moment that bird touches my xbox, it'll become a mcnugget.
My knees, I had to quit running because they got so bad. Even hiking starts hurting after awhile, especially on long downhills Also glasses and deep voices
No it’s a lie because he could not possibly have been in Vietnam. And he did not correct a single outlet who said he was.
This reminds me to take a before picture. I'm losing 5 kg of beer gut before May, got to fit into that dress.
I'm in Australia, so idk if there's really anything I can do.
It's creepy but also sad that the guy was bathing in your fountain, hey at least it wasn't your pool.
Gun ownership isn’t a hobby or recreational. It’s a right you’re born with independently of where you’re born.
again i realize some of you may worry about me being gone so long! fear not, for i have made a new life for myself in the sewers,
Regardless of your age or station in life, it all comes down to one simple truth: you just have to #start. - Jon Acuff #inspiring #quote #start #inspiring #quote
Did not know we were playing tonight
Well done! That's usually the hardest part is to start going and I hope it helps!
" [NAME] has come down with a terrible sickness which caused him to deactivate his twitter account" Jeez sicknesses these days get worse and worse.
Imagine watching yourself back and still being unable to see why you were eliminated
If it's an unregistered payg sim then how exactly are they going to catch anyone?
Ahh well too bad, thanks for sharing.
Damn that sucks dude! Personally I’d fill the soil with barbed wire so when they stick their hands in they’d get nice and cut up
@JoyceMeyer @mrsglessman #day of #vengeance of our #God; To #comfort all who #mourn, To console those who #mourn in #Zion, To give [4/7] #day #vengeance #god #comfort #mourn #mourn #zion
:-) Lunch with the wife on a weekday is such a special treat, even when one is under the weather.
Try "turn that shite aff!"
When you wake up from a dream laughing at something stupid, and that makes you laugh more
And people still support him....
This is embarrassing, but while purging I wear a pad or don’t wear pants at all. Eating disorders are so beautiful /s
I heard rumors of this. From what I understand the plan is to set off nukes to get the core spinning again. Awesome Movie Reference BTW!
@jk_rowling never thought an angry oompa loompa would be my Boggart, but there you have it. #boggart #PresidentTrump #nightmare #boggart #presidenttrump #nightmare
Ngl, I'll probably use the argument you made here with my, ugh, Republican friends once we get closer to the elections.
@sebbyD27850 both are nonsensical. If there's injustice against blacks, why add to it by destroying black property. It's misdirected anger
@CursedRoyal I chuckle and shake my head, 'No that didn't bug me too much. I was still going to ask you but there's a lot you still don't--
bahaha! Love it! These additions are pretty *sweet*! Glucose Guardian has the best ring to it though! 💲💸
Anyone who needs to get off, please use the Ashton Taper. Message for support, I’m here.
Lol [NAME]. Everyone ignores me. This just sounds like something a child would say. Sad.
A guava sounds awesome! Totally didn’t even think of that!
Also looks pretty ♭
Lmao do you just watch for the gameplay? Wow idiot. There's more to Youtube than gameplay. F***. Off.
Am I the only one who really wants to know exactly what shit went down between them??
Man, I remember when we were utter pish. Those were not happy memories.
[NAME] fucked up with this line up. Why do you change it, if everything was going good? Idiot!
that's ok, I'll come join you someday after I've finished all the tears here so be patient ! : )
Good luck going to jail.
it's common that Syrian AA continues shooting long after an attack is over for whatever reasons
Oh gosh, I can’t wait to see how much you’ve accomplished Mr. Not Retarded Criminal
Watch Dortmund sign the better player in [NAME] to replace him...
Yup. Lol
That's why I get my info from reddit, and use Facebook to keep in touch with the fam.
I was kicked, and apparently don't care about oversharing on Reddit about it anymore
Maybe you were depressed because your place was a mess.
@jdwmaguire 'They will be a formidable challenge' Roy Hodgson on Northampton Town *shudders*
That's without the Observant feat as well which knocks an extra 5 on it
My hand was indeed gone, but new fingers, stubby and underformed, were sprouting from the stub.
To be fair [NAME] and Unite were both cleared of wrongdoing.
I get why you hate this guy, but why do you hate [NAME]?
Will you #dedicate today to #love or #fear ? It is your #choice in each #moment . - Archangel Michael. #archangel #michael #dedicate #love #fear #choice #moment #archangel #michael
Everyone except [NAME] dying and [NAME] doesn’t know what happened
@ImpugnValkyrie *I frown and cup your cheeks in my hands after you step aside.* Angela I care about you. And I don't know how else I can -
Its like if i decapitated myself while shaving.
Rule number 1: never dye your hair while drunk haha
It's titled "Manhattan!!" And Yankee stadium in *the Bronx* is the only non-Manhattan location ID'd. Classic moron.
Btw- I love your flair!
Oh, Boy. You into phrenology too.
I only watched a few episodes, but I loved that guy.
I like waitresses. Aren't they swell.
My knuckles growing whiter and whiter, my mind screaming at me that we should be out of here, we should almost be home.
That's great you guys have been together so long. Do you take any medicine like prep?
My kids did, I’m sure! I hope this card enjoys the bottom of my trash can.
Enchanted - [NAME]😍
It breaks my heart seeing people down or upset.. I will try my best to make them smile or cheer them up 🤗
xD As of now, I'm getting tired all the time and my belly is getting firm already.
I feel for him..thank [NAME] he has a mother who cares
Slick passing!
Looks like they did it to scare everyone else on the road as a dominance game.
You sound like a douche.
The retrial’s for “procedural justice” — the previous panel head was anti-China, possibly biased. The Swiss supreme ruling didn’t change stance. Get full context before judging.
That’s a pretty high amount to pay per week over here, don’t know about the us though.
And you didn't read the filler did you?
Miss me with that
This man just posts facts and got -220. He told them the truth and they hated him for it.
this is the perfect example of something that is a terrible combination without being outright disgusting.
No one loves me
Oh man, when HQGs gets on a roll it’s so good.
She's on quite the journey of discovery about herself atm. Excellent meme-terial.
Damn, [NAME], you *are* brutal 💀😆
Wow I bet someone would look at this and get inspired to make a movie about aliens with [NAME]
# ISIS REFERENCES SCRUBBED?  Federal complaint against suspect in NYC, NJ bombings appears to omit terror names in bloody journ...  #news #news
Thank you so much for posting this! I've thought this way for a long time and it's very comforting to see that I'm not alone :3
do you......do you actually believe this!?
[NAME] has continued to show how selfish she is throughout the years..we shouldn't be surprised at this. [NAME] forbid she be the bigger person for the kids.
Stay strong, you’ll pull through.
@jennylhowe I am angry at the student for being a racist, and the teacher for not stopping it, and at the class for letting it go by.
So much fake news.
I’m not guessing anything. I didn’t make any claims about her viability against trump. You did.
Our soldiers in war zones are held to a higher level of rules of engagement than our police officers.
I’m the Fire Spirit 🔥! Last time my master summoned me for a magic demo, I scorched her skirt — Diao Chan’s fingers blistered! Not okay! As Fire Spirit, I demand Diao Chan buff! Grant my wish for her new skin 🔥
"She doesn't understand."
I was waiting for the delayed explosion and holy cow! That was insane!
Hey, that's ok
I’m not saying I disagree, but it’s important to note that those are all defensive guys
SHUT THAT SOFT ASS SHIT UP
It's on here daily. Karma whores eh?
I drew my robes around me tightly as my legs kept walking to no particular destination.
Isn’t this all from misinterpreting “no small matters in diplomacy”? Asking foreigners to follow Chinese law isn’t a big deal. That foreign affairs office just pampers them!
oh man another year
@chelsysayshi @Adweek touché! I'll start paying more attention and test this 🕵🏻‍♀️ #AdweekChat #adweekchat
A good response to most of the criticisms of millenials.
I mean, it is, slowly but surely. It sucks.
I *want* to like R&M but people are making it really difficult
Oh they are. They just represent a large group of racist, willfully ignorant [NAME].
This is my new favorite video.
I am seeing the insane clown posse there in two weeks and I have no idea how I am going to get home covered in faygo
All I ask is to not embarrass us on National TV like they did against Philly.
My bitch dun left me All alone She took mah squeeky ball And mah rasty bone
Thats not what i said but okay schlomo
Break up? Lol you lost me right there. I thought you were a rational dude until the mourning your “break up”. Decent troll 6/10
What do you mean?
Just happened to me lol
Well that is just absurd
I really hope you're joking
I'm expressing my distaste at the absurdity of being an internet outrage hero and hypocritical selective outrage, especially in an area such as black music.
I can't believe he told that story. I'm sure the minister that released the water is now so totally regretting not asking for a bj!
Does [NAME] do it telepathically?
#IndiaMissingIndira that she could never solve Kashmir Problem and kept it burning for Vote Bank\n#TerrorStatePak #indiamissingindira
Hes not the best at communication which is a big red flag in my book
I sit up, my head hurts.
@TVsCarlKinsella They're such garbage. Obviously I like that they suck but it's still grim to watch.
Sadly, I don't even think its that the Chargers aren't prepared its that the Patriots are good at game prep.
Happy cake day u/sneakpeekbot!
I love the idea if choosing an outfit based on what kind of person I wanna be that day. Sounds like a fun way to experiment.
That’s awesome, wonder if it’s available to buy on eBay.
Not to mention people who illegally own guns probably aren't going to admit it for a study either.
Hope you will beat this crap and achieve your full potential man. Best of luck for you :)
[NAME] was injured going into that game and then ultimately left in the second half after suffering another injury
Its not fake. Its real. You now look hilarious for making ridiculous accusations and praises about a person that doesn't exist. Lmao.
I'm sorry for you... That sounds not cool :'(
And I taught my room was dirty and that I was not taking care of my self. Good job op
Also whenever I try to stop focusing on her I think about her morep
It looks like they do but random redditors do not. What a surprise.
[NAME] ruined religion. It’s the only good thing they’ve done.
Noooo no more NEXTs anymore! They are obviously just a kid who is excited to discover music. Give them a break! :/
The cutest.
There is nothing more disgusting than those who put children in danger unless it is the people who allow them to do more harm.
Haha epic gamer moment
He was 2 when our family adopted him. He's always been a gentle soul, and became even more so with age.
Ah thank you! I just remembered it the way I said. Was never sure if that's what it meant.
This is such a good idea!!
You don't know fear until you have clogged the toilet at work and can't find the plunger. #horrifying #bathroom #FirstWorldProblems #horrifying #bathroom #firstworldproblems
None of those things is guaranteed, you know
Mon Celtic, give us something to cheer - place is empty, soaked &amp; its my wee nephew's Birthday ffs, started well, now dropped off.
He can’t be like that in that business but it already sounds too late. No wonder his staff quit on him.
I can relate to that. I cant stay focused enough. Concentration is hard yo
i get the joke and still think this sucks.
Oh nice, gonna add that to the list. Thanks!
Who was perfectly fine.
Wait. Mr. [NAME] was in Got!
-normal people scare me*
I think it's hilarious you guys think this will "help" [NAME] Yeah [NAME] was bad, but [NAME] didn't show very much either
First, in war First, in peace First, in sexually transmitted infections
Bless your dim-witted heart.
But this isnt about a comic book movie. It's a cartoon. Also this is a right wing website...so how does this not count?
It’s crazy how many people don’t know the difference between fluid ounces and weight lol
Heard Sale players yelling at the refs and nothing has come of it, seems odd to suddenly have an issue with it
beautiful by [NAME]
[NAME] show tonight and i'm loving it
Oh cannot do anything ... click pass so much fun:) Not yet pass all 3 lanes :)
If a documentary were made after Guangzhou’s outbreak, would it show kids feverish and ignored, parents kneeling in tears, endless testing lines, and people living on instant noodles till none were left?
Keep yer grubby paws off our Dlo.
All the best things happen after midnight. All the worst things, too, but life is all about taking risks. :^)
@amstrado_CPC @ShittySUFanart the single tear is him being joyous that he's deleted the monster that has brought generations of despair
@VodafoneUKhelp @VodafoneUK wow!! My bill is £44.77 and hav a text from u to prove that and you have taken £148!!!!! #swines  #con! #swines #con
Because our roster has gotten worse each year since 2017 and the team is spending less. That isn't a recipe for continued success
It's normal school except they sexually identify as [RELIGION]
love you too.
Gungrabbers? You act like they're busting in your door and taking your guns. No one is forcing you to do this.
It’s objectively a lie. Prove me wrong
No way!? Ugh this just sounds painful
I actually laughed at this
@ryleycathryn @Mack_Shepp did you discover the alarming rate at which bees are dying and how important they are to our way of life?
What a garbage post
Come on [NAME], time to step up
Under [NAME], in 2018, unemployment raised above 4% at least 6 TIMES---in ONE year! What exactly are the [NAME] supporting? 🤔
Haha its okay!
And he be like - great and you? I'm like Great. And the conversation ends lol :-)
He may have, I was more worried about the "running and shooting the AR one handed, off to the side".
Now give me a LPT to stop getting mail from the old tenants of my apartment
Was there for a game v the lions in in 2016- WELL WORTH IT!
Having one of those #angry days. I will have to stop watching #news. #angry #news
Duck fuck goose
Romero is fucking dreadful like seriously my 11 month old is better than him.
[NAME] doesn't want to leave St Louis, his family is there and won't move away.
Yup, he's still one of the strongest turtles in the game though. Eventually you're gonna have to attack.
lol I hope no-one bothers to answer you in earnest honesty because you are so childish it'll just wash right over your ears.
So the time of death would be when the doctor confirms them dead?
Again, thanks!
Something like Chariot will occur again but all electric and highly autonomous. Something I wish [NAME] could do right now.
Am I out of touch? No, it's the [NAME] who are wrong!
Eat the damn rich already!
Imagine the jockey explaining that to his boss and then cranking the legs to raise it while everyone looks on :)
Hows it smell down there 9 points below the wild card spot. Ya fuckin pine cone
Let's get petty! Love it
Need your help guys 😊 survey for a friend
Exactly what I came here to write lol
Lindt is premium brand, im not surprised by this.
Have fun getting arrested for child porn then! Check your DM’s 😉
I'm not a [NAME]. Can someone explain this to me?
@DoubleEph sadly his best days are behind him
The guy on that wouldn’t let [NAME] touch his own boat
I think a six month prison sentence is in order for that missed tackle against the cowgirls. Maybe some community service if he's got a good lawyer.
The jackets that we have so many people wore so they’re musty as hell
I enjoyed this nearly as much as I enjoy too many pints.
u🅱️vote BLESS U🅱️ 🙌 REAL NI🅱️🅱️A SHIT
Are you poly, or just poly for him?
It’s merch everyone calm down - she’s using the season 11 hype to get attention
“What is it, [NAME]?”
Omg this. The amount of time I've spent educating men about things they literally could have Googled🙄
Its like you are flexing that you have gf ,when most of people here doesnt have that feeling
In the shower, years after it's happened and everyone else has forgotten about it.
I’m sure the hornet will be happy if their curse is over!
Enjoy :) You won't regret it. The first couple seasons will be a little confusing but wiki helped me understand this show a lot!
Because a lot of people on this thread are ignoring the pirate code and I’m trying to explain that rules are there for a reason.
#ArchangelSummit @sethgodin  Anyone can be brave but you just have to last 5 mins longer than everyone else. #leadership #fear #archangelsummit #leadership #fear
If your waifu was real she would never love you
@stephenfhayes Mustard gas = hostile work environment, not #terrorism; call #OSHA not #military #terrorism #osha #military
I really need to put my foot down. Thanks for the gentle nudge :)
Ask the Magic 8 Ball again later. We can't predict your future.
She got more votes tho... If popular vote determined the winner, you wouldn't say this. You sound like you just hate [NAME] for... reasons?
This involved swimming a pretty large lake that was over my head.
Classic Trap game... I'm nervous. Hope our boys aren't hungover.
i wasn't quite sure how waivers worked either, had to look it up earlier :/ not everyone knows everything.
Just triggered me thanks
Eventually I would have to land another queen to stop the target from arranging marriages themselves.
This is a very good meme op but I hope you're doing good:)
Agreed to your statement
only facts mate - so nothing you would be interested in
well, most of them won't even get that far because the second you start explaining it they plug their ears and start screaming about socialism.
Ok what deal would you like to see made?
It's too small of a traffic circle to make sense
Amazing doggo 😍
Hello! Would you happened to know if the physical booth would have started selling tickets if the concert is on 5th Jan? Thanks!
M/21/straight/6’2 Back on tinder after taking a year off dating to focus on personal stuff. Go ahead and judge! Thank you in
Thanks; it is a major turn-off because there's no reasoning - he "knows" it's a fact. I appreciate your perspective.
Yeah I don't think so lol
I see lotsa [NAME] I’m proud
Just do the steps and stop complaining.
You dropped this.
My boyfriend is so much like your husband. I’m so happy for you to have him, he sounds wonderful.
I mean, if BDN wins another SB MVP . . . you can't exactly get rid of a guy like that
The weather up there are super cozy, I went to wash my hand, the water are freezing!!!
>"tanned" Thank you BBC, very cool!
They are new but got over 100 reviews in less than a month so I'm assuming they are just slammed. Thanks for the input
Nope, it’s what you said. If 17 isn’t a child then what are they?
I've never been so proud of humanity.
Why did I read “roommate” in the title as “comerade.” How many memes have I viewed?!
Cried when [NAME] and [NAME] gave each other a big hug and [NAME] lifted him off the ground.
A goal should scare you a little, and excite you a lot. - Joe Vitale #quote #quote
There goes the butterflies in my stomach.  #anxietyproblems #anxietyproblems
Absolutely amazing idea! 10/10!!!
> ...he was afraid for his life... I see he has mastered the magic incantation.
ooh a piece of candy
The fact that 34 thousand people upvoted that painting truly blows my mind
When you have a fever yes
He also had me march in place and stop to see how my feet naturally align.
We were free-range kids — parents busy, we ran wild after class. Once I crashed my bike hard; the scar’s still on my arm.
U got some strong references mah frend
Frustration is an indication that someone is powerless to change their situation. Not whether they are correct or not. That's my view.
best joke ever ahahahhahahahahahaha
Put my passport in a safe back after getting back from Australia 🌏. Only problem is now I can't remember where the safe is!! #panic 🛂 #panic
She's a moron for running out in traffic. Deserved all she got.
Are you top or bottom? I need to go under you real quick I'm gonna need you to take him on bar
Just be her friend. Don’t try to have sex with her.
Just received the fantastic news that our next 9 bed 'Sui Generis' HMO has full planning permission. Build to start 01 September. #excited #excited
After this news I'm supposed to be so damn happy and rejoicing but I'm here like 😩😔😭😞
I sure could have used that during nursing home rotations .
They cannot bypass racial discrimination without facing a serious backlash.
Does him "working on it" consist of any kind of treatment or meetings/program?
Omg I love these things so much
HER VOICE IS SO GOOD no wonder she likes phone calls
You "finally" realized this? This sounds like a journal entry from 2003.
Do You Shit Fart?
Very wholesome!
The worst is starting out in a new relationship after leaving a failing one. You want to fall but you know how much the breakups hurt
*I love pressure. I eat it for breakfast.*
Eh. I say it's accurate.
It's good, good, good, good - good good good!
Just like that fucking idiot that was just trying to kidnap that woman, and chased her into a Karate studio... turned out just about the same.
And for those who may not be aware, you may be even more infuriated to know that [NAME] is [NAME] son,
Going by the dates given, this child was born in 1985. So Mom really cared about this in the 80s.
It's pretty bright.Well, when i awoke i saw that the glow had gone, however when i moved my ankle it totally killed.
Its a mandatory requirement to be an accredited "[NAME] da"
It's not G A M E R time unless we get to berate women and minorities.
So glad she died
Fuck a TD. I just want to survive [NAME].
@crimpoop my adorable and cheerful daughter\nAlways pouring positivity green goo on me\ndare hurt her and you'll see hell //growls\n\n#PandaBot
It's easy to #fall #asleep in class, but hard to in bed. #True  #whileyouweresleeping #insomnia #TeamFollowBack #RockTheReTweet #fall #asleep #true #whileyouweresleeping #insomnia #teamfollowback #rocktheretweet
A person’s richness comes from hardship and struggle, and from embracing simplicity — like now, gazing quietly out this window. (Night Flight, Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, trans. Mesifan)
I hope she wins next week
Im in Highschool rn so i know it’s in 20s since you will be heartpressed to find someone who’s played it
Good old belly penis
Calling it now, this is the top post of all time. Edit: For reference r/trees historians, I was the first to call it.
“My friend do you fly away now? To a world that abhors you and I? All that awaits you is a somber morrow No matter where the winds may blow”
I don’t know how long you’ll keep this recorder. Thank you for supporting me once. ✩*ﾟ
Lol oh shit everyone turn around
That isn't the issue. The issue is shilling your channel.
I remember that. It was a crushing experience that started a whole other level of depression. But hey, maybe things will work out for you.
My mistake lol
More fake news from CNN. I thought coming off the last fake news blowup they would at least bother to watch the video before writing their ridiculous story.
omg no way he totally screwed himself over there XD
Yeah I have no idea. I’m guessing she meant to ask for someone to “sit” with mama [NAME] in her place?
Your attitude toward your struggles is equally as important as your actions to work through them.
Get your degree first.
I’ve had it up to here with these damn rickets!
Hey, I described you in the OP! Everyone's doing it so you have to too, otherwise *you* feel like it's unfair.
@tcarrels  \nSo when exactly did you lose your mind, pal? \n#Trump #fraud #misogynist #liar #psychopath #narcissist #revolting #conartist #fraud #misogynist #liar #psychopath #narcissist #revolting #conartist
Cordovan in the mech with the loudspeaker really makes me smile. It is just so bonkers. I love it.
I'd smash
I'm so sorry that [NAME] has convinced you that his insane aggression isn't important.
You have another new follower 😊 love your work!
donate! it feels sooo amazing :)
And desks clapped
Anybody wanna go on a picnic with me? Alpaca lunch.
I guess I've never seen that written out. Thanks for the correction.
I just roam around without a hat. is that so hard?
Fuck [NAME] pai
“Still wearing ATM” this bit has me crying! Thanks for the mental image.
procrasting is fun until im an hour away from the time its due and i still havent finished so i have a panic attack
I hope you're ok, I feel this post :( big hugs from me
[NAME] funny, girl.. not so much
[NAME], aside from the goal was several magnitudes worse than [NAME]....
Why would a pop tart live in a toaster that’s like the most terrifying place for them
I want to be with you, through autumn and winter, regardless of warmth or cold. I want to give you the best love — not just “sleep early” or “drink more water.”
One day, I ask Jane for her cell number.
You will love Happy People! Perfect to watch when you're snowed/iced in.
WE WERE WINNING UNTIL I STARTED WATCHING, I AM CURSED!
Nice job on those renders, they look great
i wish i could be an ex someone wanted to get back with.
-Binge eat something -Work -Sleep Usually in that order.
Oh sorry, I forgot there isn’t any paperwork involved in getting a gun.
I think this divorce is planned so that people will stop pointing fingers at the insane rich person robbing the wealth of the people.
Depends on your goal — to reach the top, you need talent plus effort. But to make a living or treat it as a hobby, effort alone is enough.
I didn’t know that. Gtk
Remember when the media ignored all of the horrible things [NAME] did? Including what he did to Syria?
As a [NAME], I would like to extend an apology to anyone freezing in the polar vortex.
And yet you have so much karma!
In other news; Water is still wet.
Love their king onion soup! Such a gem, also they have good local wine there
Enough food to feed the whole village just wasted
Sending you some Ramona wine as thanks!
Context doesn’t exactly make state murder of the “stupid poor” better.
I feel like this list is way off base from what we've been hearing.
@ScottCarmichae1 @Murican_Stuff don't fret -- this guy is mad because when @realDonaldTrump  is elected he might have to get a real job
Not my text lol? Im sorry dude your a weirdo and the downvotes have demonstrated that lol
this is so true!
Damn, hoped i had missed some fan translations or something...
Lol, this one’s great too!
Yea I tossed that one on the pile as a insult to myself and likely many, many others.
There’s a fine line between love and hate, you know.
Like many TIFU posts, I don't believe this one.
Pff sticking the bumper back on isn’t a massive task, I’d call it a win
"Fluoride is mine control!" "Why?" "Uhhh.."
Tell how your job goes if you do *not* do what your boss tells you to do.
"No" is the complete sentence I will use for this exercise.
I put that in case any mancs got annoyed, you know what they're like when they get mad
Words of wisdom! Do spend that cash in upgrading your ability cards.
good to see your story had a happy ending!
😂. Ur pathetic
In my mind. I forgot everything :(
Your work is amazing! Really like the Rugrat one. The melting style is so cool. Prices are very reasonable for the quality too
I can't help it. It's just so perfect.
One good thing about vaping When it hits you, you feel no pain.
What's up with all the gloating.
r/NotHowLesbiansWork
Do y’all consider Cadillacs as “luxury” cars similar to Audis, BMW, Lexus ?
Lmaoooo how’d you miss him that close 😂 sweet justice
Bingo - using market cap as your yardstick is as stupid as using GDP as a yardstick. One metric is never enough to capture a picture.
This one is by [NAME]! Your suggestion was funny to me, and you've been blessed with your joke being DR Onion #20! #20
I hope your life is as lovely as you are
Her reply is immoral and disgusting but it is also brilliant. She's not trying to convince intelligent people, she's trying to motivate angry jealous people.
Rape kit test from six year old migrant girl revealed DNA from 30 men.
No worries! 😊
Thank you much! At least it's just hair, it'll be back
> Government is not entitled to deny contracts because of free speech. Literally yes they are lmfao.
I don't control the Lib Dems, shockingly.
YEAAAAHH!!!!YEAAAAHHH!!!!...oh, here ya go, doom-di-doom...
Cute! But also, your husband is holding that dog up by the balls 😰
Please respect our sub's rule against belittling [RELIGION].
So many past stories — I wasn’t in yours before, but from now on, through all ups and downs, I’ll be by your side.
Hey I’m going to eli today! Unfortunately for a funeral but hello stranger :)
Hey, [NAME]. You still with the mafia?
Stay strong! Get well soon!
Tall, pale, skinny, great body.
You can see flairs and select them on the desktop version. You can’t see them on mobile.
I'm glad your expectations are low..i am expecting full on knee jerk reactions if the game doesn't go well tonight.
Enjoying it. It makes shaving my head easier.
I sure as sugarplums aint seen any "gives" around
I love conspiracy theories with no shred of proof
Buying an early entry tickets at @EGX means fuck all, expect a complaint email when I get home #shocking service #shocking
This will be her first non-numerical-titled album, so I’m curious what she’s gonna go with for an album title
"five minutes of fame"... [NAME] lmao. Ok, whatever u say kid.
Thank you for your valuable contribution to the discussion
Thanks for the lead. Ordered.
“I have no experience being mean” is probably one of the sweetest things that I have ever heard omg
You've violated rules 4 and 5. Please adhere to the rules of engagement.
Crossword puzzle is oat meals solitary respecting the flat out portentous nutrient rootstock re scruple failur...
Even Rolling Storm seems better, and it is not very good.
I miss the [NAME] and [NAME] love story.
Noticed the same thing. Wonder if it's also like that on the redesign. My hunch is on 'no'.
Makeup is magic my friend!
OP may have been avoiding [NAME] jokes.
I wish that was a thing 😅
DON'T DO THE TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES LIKE THAT THEY DON'T WANT HER EITHER BRUH
The worst bbq in Texas Edit: Some of you are getting seriously r/wooooshed It's their slogan.
Its hard to look at. Its just gross.
Im not in a hurry, its my goal for brawlhalla. But after hearing how many hours people have, its gonna be a long journey
w.... l....... y the whole time because of my back.
5 hours late!!!!!!!!! omg.
I watched the bomb episode today! [NAME] reaction is totally something I would do/say.
paper transfers too
Oh, you had me worried there! Still if it doesn't then what can you do I suppose.
27 too many
Ah u/The_White_Baron... I didn't read all of it, but glad I know the reference now
Ooooh, is that also an aspie thing? I have a lot of those moments here...
If you were better than the players you met every day you would be able to get better stats while playing against them.
Yum, I love a little pigeon mixed with my grain.
Gmod Wonderworld is a personal favorite and may be the most sadistic and hilarious thing [NAME] has done
No justice with a cop's bullet in your head
Idk, r/Tinder has plenty of posts to do with awful men too lol
[NAME] has aged me 10 years in the last 3 months
It's just the reliability of a Honda. But I don't know a whole lot.
I still can't believe that dude in Whangarei is still allowed to run his business. I wonder how much longer he will keep it up.
Ah the city of brotherly love <3
Ah I see, thanks for the insight
It's like an Arts school but with dangerous, easily weaponizable spells being flung all over the place!
Wow, AP. Just wow.
I mean hes been coat tailing, might as well make it obvious
[NAME] have been doing this a while and it rarely works.
I love the book - much better than the movie imo!
I'm always stuck in platinum because every match is a loss, no healer what so ever
Someone will actually spend their money on this too, that’s the sad part
With him though you're supposed to be attracted to him because that's how he was able to kill so many women
Correct. I just enjoy debating them.
It would hilarious if racist attacks against [NAME] propel him to the PMO.
Sounds awesome!
This is honestly the cherry on top of the cake with this story. That's absolutely hilarious!
From one finale to the next finale should be one whole year so she’s gonna be pregnant for a whole year lmao
it is actually called a mechanical bull
And I thought we had 50, *five-pointed* stars on the flag?
Thats the second quickest way I know of to burn through $1,000...The first being: R/WallStreetBets 🤣
Keep watching!
I look at him as a performer but he's still human tho.
Someone committed enough at causing mayhem could just use bolt cutters. The point is to stop kids/random curious people.
Sorry, what?
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @maisiev  #musically #musically
For her? Nah
They are more ninja than freaking tremor and ermac.
@JackEvans711, you are the best Whiney Jerkass Heel since @IAmJericho's heyday in WCW. \n #LuchaUnderground #luchaunderground
2nd Intermission question: whose football team is in the playoffs Rn? How about them Seattle Seahawks!!
Definitely not Fox News though! That’s the real stuff, zero lies or bias there!
"Do we need a GoFundMe for automated doors" hahahah!
I know I should be worried, but I am not, which makes me very worried.
Is there an all time favorite moment you can point to in your career?
She is someone who rolls persuasion under intimidate and awkwardly wins. ALL THE TIME.' @sourfruitjunkie on @JakiDash.
sLOVEnian Power! ;)
Good morning joyful people. Choose happiness to have a great day today #morning  #happiness #grandmercurejktkemayoran #morning #happiness #grandmercurejktkemayoran
This sounds nice, but then with what urgency would Congress have to end a partisan gridlock?
I gotchu bro, house By Gucci Mane I’m a huge Gucci mane fan.
I love cowboy.
1. Well said. 2. I like your style. 3. Prove it.
don’t doubt us, we really love [NAME]
[NAME] did a photo shoot with the first presidency. Hilarious
That's adorable!
I mean, none of us think it’s an insult. You don’t need to explain that.
You could not see a foot in front of you and I practically cried getting to the bottom because the wind and snow was literally burning my face, lol.
The double standard. Taking pictures of women without their permission is taboo and creepy.
Thanks. I’m not sure your response is a proper attempt at answering the question.
Come to Somerset, quite a few women are cricket crazy because everybody is cricket crazy here. It’s weird.
Thoroughly enjoying AHS tonight. #ahs #horror #americanhorrorstory #ahs #horror #americanhorrorstory
Wha? I’m so confused. I’m so sorry this happened because it wasn’t remotely warranted.
that was absolutely beautiful
I would love a game with either of these two!!! 2nd choice being Caracalla!
I'm generally a supporter of law enforcement.... But what the actual fuck.
He’s a troll from T_D, they come through every now and then to try to start shit.
He was a good dude.
Smart guy.
My throat hurts, I have a headache and my ears are crackling.
Thank you! This feedback is gold to us.
About 2 weeks ago I thought I pulled a muscle in my calf.
I assume that people pick up on my joviality coz I lol a lot but it's just not working. Maybe I need to get heavy handed with emoticons? Ha
I love being down by 10+ constantly.... I feel like [NAME] gets dominated by literally everyone.
Personally, I would be able to look past it since you weren’t the one married.
None of us has mentioned the incident since.
Not a single one of these allegations are of Russian collusion. It's more perjury trap nonsense.
[NAME] and Resident Evil Biohazard, great afternoon.
Are you actually going to get on stage and say it into the mic? That’d be fuckin legendary
I’ve been banned twice there so I unsubscribed and joined this sub. This sub IS SO MUCH BETTER!
And shockz isn’t? And he wouldn’t be too much of a threat for... fuck I forgot who’s on rec honestly
The amount of times this happened during the first tides of war event, smh.
Probably. The internet is a physically threatening place
I love her attitude and confidence! She has such good sportsmanship
Surprised they aren't already doing this kind of stuff for Zion.
Nothing seems to intrigue or satisfy me only drugs and thats sad.
Well [NAME], you got the wrong guy. I never downvoted you. I hope your day gets better.
except that teenagers do give half a damn about what you think, because it gives them approval of their rebellious attitude
If you don't understand something then you want tyranny...
multicultural makeup'? There's the indigenous people, the [NAME], and the illegal settlers, don't make me laugh
So why not leave it in his garage with the doors locked?
Looks like something you would see in a comedy movie.
I Don't know what make #Pakistan fear more their #terrorist or their  #TerrorStatePak #pakistan #terrorist #terrorstatepak
@_stfukohle it's ok champ you'll make it I'm cheering you on from a far
Wow, your ex partner sounds exactly like mine.
When you think milkshakes aren't decadent enough, now we have cakeshakes!
... as it engulfs every fiber of muscle in my legs!!!
[NAME] bless [NAME] for unlocking Michigan's Anger-Swag.
No! That’s not how I meant it! Just trying to start a conversation & I love Tool.
Peacefully, obviously. Let's not get crazy, this is still Canada.
Like my Mom and Aunt on the first day of 7th grade. I feel for you dog.
Excuse me I am a very important person and I now think you're gay.
Kill him the sinner
🤷🏼‍♀️ I was wondering the same thing. It looked almost like a teriyaki.
It's simple I get after two shots of espresso 'Grande, decaf, 130 degrees soy americano with extra foam' #barista #nightmare #barista #nightmare
I’ll miss you, [NAME] Today is a sad day for our high sock loving brethren [NAME]
Surprise, [RELIGION] article says [RELIGION] is wrong. Also, we don't worship the same [NAME]. They added [NAME], who is not [NAME].
She’s lovely! Cheers to your lives together
After dating 2 of them, I can say I fully agree.
"I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself." Thank you [NAME].
Good layup [NAME] now just try not to get completely lost on defense haha
There it is. I knew I wasn't the only one bothered by this.
I did watch it and didn’t see the thing OP mentioned. So I am not sure what I was supposed to gain from watching.
No problem here, as long as neither one of you are the asshole.
Despite all the [NAME] hate in/on /Melbourne, here is a beautiful Indian song for you all
I’m in Shangqiu — today I contacted the property management and community office. They said even if you’re low-risk, you’ll be quarantined and sealed in. If you want to return, you must obey them, or they won’t accept you.
Last year preseason was in December, but the season started in January. I expect pre-season to occur some time during the second half of this month.
Zeph 3:17 'The Lord...is in your midst, a mighty one who will save; He will rejoice over you with gladness; He will quiet you by his love'
Literally had a guy (a some-would-say-successful guy) tell me 'this ship will sail' kay guy, first, you're working with a sub, last, it sunk
@politico If they say the words radical Islamic terrorist, will that somehow make the terror groups drop their weapons?
I just renewed my license today and they didn't check my proof of address, just looked at my us passport, license, and debit card
I came to work for no reason 😩🔫\nI could've stayed in bed
That's a curious thought, the science of our worries. Does that fall under psychology? Btw, fun pic on your profile!
I thought it was gen 2 that was affected by the dead batteries due to the internal clock?
It’s incalculable
Are you honestly being serious? I have a hard time believing that you can afford it
If everyone is wrong I'll still point out that everyone is wrong, doesn't matter.
I love your art style, that looks fantastic!
By [NAME]! By [NAME]! It's the grand Champion!
They look prepared for a rugby game breaking out.
Every YouTube comment: [NAME] is beautiful and perfect how dare [NAME] and [NAME] breath near her, the production are forcing them on us.
things are simply wrong and ignorance is an insufficient defence from prosecution.
Oh yeah lots of elitists who think they’re a damn gemologist but know nothing 😂
I dont think she knows that once your body runs out of fat it starts eating your muscles and organs.
“Little dumb” ugh how awful
you’re gonna do just fine
I think the Chiefs need to get [NAME] so their defense is weak enough for us to beat them
Considering how many of this involves hiding bottles, it wouldn’t surprise me.
Always look before you jump.
Yeah cause no man has ever been falsely imprisoned due to allegations proven later to be false
My mother gets bothered just telling the story.
Shut up, Mag!
I better not screw this up..
Thanks for adding the link. I'm not that reddit savvy
That's a low bar, I haven't met a single one that had anything more than second hand knowledge of the tenancy act.
People are legitimately monsters.
One particular experience I had at a place called "Hernando's Bridge", however, still scares me to this day.
This is very uplifting! Had very similar experiences with my wife's family. Thank you for sharing!
I’m afraid it will eventually go that way.
Even after the initial testing? Thank you!
I think it's normal and fine and would second the suggestion to have her check into a weighted blanket.
I've always wondered how cases where an individual gets a 7 or 8 figure sum issued against them work in practice
We're out of the environment, it's ok.
Oh damn, that would have been the only correct response! "Sorry, but I have a boyfriend." End of conversation.
Not a steal at all but thats about 100 times the amount he ever successfully defended
I liked the comeback tho
Not one bit surprising, yet also not really a men’s rights issue
I was completely dumbstruck.
[NAME]. i love it
Don't tell us. Preaching to the choir. Go to the mommy subs were everyone thinks it's a great idea to breed.
They're absolutely relaxing in this 3rd quarter, 7 points in 5 minutes so far...
could never be a angry drunk lol yall weirdos just enjoy your time
That's ma'am!
Me either. But I sometimes fantasize about it.
There is nothing worth saying about that insipid shaving cream ad. I haven't seen it and nothing will convince me to change that.
All I can say is.. good luck bro
@__Dayo yall dont feel bad.. you are rejoicing... it is what itnis... its always #ColtsNation even when we have 6th string DBs playing 😔😔 #coltsnation
Well she played a damn long game with this 'Publicity Stunt' seeing as it was 10 years ago
It didn’t come out. What you say!?
The scream quickly turned into full-blown four-alarm sobbing as I flailed evasively to rid myself of this alien being bearing a dark and nightmarish message.
This was the first episode I ever saw, and it got me hooked!
Go on Webtoons and look up Boo! It's sex. Great freaking sex ed comic.
Ha ha you're being down voted. Edit: Hey, you're being up voted! Congrats!
Shameless karma whoring.
On the way to Laser Vista ... lens implantation ... #LaserVista  #happy #laservista #happy
everyone else managed to stop, he was just careless and too fast on the approach
We're very busy #coding a whole network manager for #unity3d based on #steamworks networking. #gamedev #indiedev #3amDeadTime  #game #coding #unity3d #steamworks #gamedev #indiedev #3amdeadtime #game
We literally share a parking lot with a bank and I get people asking me for change all. The. Time. I struggle.
I like that idea.
I could honestly just go without intermission interviews altogether.
I would shoot a cop who shot my animal. Save the consequences for later, you just assaulted and possibly mortally wounded my best friend. ACAB
It's Incredible! So glad I could help with this! :D
I thought it would be neat to look back on predictions pre Fa and Draft.
Following ya for updates. I hope they catch them soon!
Good advice thank you I appreciate it. I need to learn to focus my mind again
Don't apologize. Go grab your favorite drink, some popcorn and watch 500 days of summer instead
No, absolutely not. How bout if you have more to lose you be more careful about not breaking the law.
This guy fucking gets it.
TAKE ME TO YOUR CRYPT, I WANT TO PAY MY RESPECTS!
Somebody wanted these people to burn to death.
Yeah sorry about that I don't mean it.
China’s anti-gang dramas are all like this—the “umbrella” in The Knockout is only a vice mayor. Both it and The Duel ended with dubbed mismatched lines.
This is probably the worst time Guangzhou’s been regionally discriminated against! What xenophobia nonsense... It’s not the first outbreak here. Back in April, Liwan and Baiyun districts were locked down for over a month — why didn’t anyone there attack barricades, volunteers, or call in armed police?
The views that are pro-apartheid and pro-ethnic cleansing are illegitimate, whether or not they are “[RELIGION] views” doesn’t matter.
So many fond memories as a kid, with my Granddad, watching Boomerang on a Sunday morning.
Ikr. Spend your time doing better things like reading [NAME] fanfics ❤️
that was the part that got to me first. ouchie.
SOME newborns are ugly. I did think my little sister was ugly af.
The area around Parliament is full of nutters of every political persuasion When I went there was loads of CND types.
I initially liked [NAME], but he's really kinda dipped in my personal rankings. His shot kinda scares me if it doesn't translate
The problem with crypto is typically when people have a bad feeling about something it rarely turns out well
Yeah a lot of people are missing that lol
I'm deleting all these social media apps off my phone. I might keep snap chat and insta but I'll never be on it.
Without fail saying "moist panties" makes every woman cringe.
Those bastards lied to me
Because they don't realize that the Act of Union occurred. Either that or people don't like that this guy is being pedantic.
Love those freckles! You’ve got that girl next door kind of beauty
Makes it a lot less stressful tho. Regretting staying up this late tho
No haha but this is our first day on Reddit!
I couldn't get my wife on board. She insists on eating a "real dinner".
[](/ironwillthumbsup) True! Weird, but true!
That’s awesome.
Anyone who complains about being a loser is a loser.
What a muffin!
I'm sorry for you, but that pic is in the wrong subreddit.
It's a great time to be Scottish anaw
i already gets aggravated too fast like why aggravate me on purpose?
I mean, me neither! Who would have thought?! We saved a girl's life. Cheers!
I will have one of each please. Not just far left and right. All. Any doubles you might have as well. Thanks byeee
The first time I'm seeing it so thank you for sharing. Definitely shows the propaganda efforts.
I have the darndest feeling you already know the answer.
Good tips. Will take into consideration everything you said. Thanks a lot !
Wow. The Miami police! [NAME]! So much to this documentary.
We knew *a* person was within eyesight, which doesn't exactly give us much.
I am still missing money from a August 2018 withdrawal with no update and no success. Quadriga - give me back my money!
It's crazy I don't get where their finding them
Here we go boys. Have a good game
Thanks! I was probably going to look in the Midwest
Bit of a rant there, but I get it. This comes off as super pretty.
"No thanks"
what a strange, sad, moronic 3 day old account...
[NAME] actually just released an awesome video on the self help industry and it's relationship to these folks!
It’s been years—hasn’t the Coconut Tree brand always been like this? This isn’t the first penalty, yet they never change. Probably tied to the boss’s personal tastes.
Just saying what is already known really. Nobody will do anything and we'll continue down the same path.
I’M NOT ALLOWED TO EAT THE SKIN, DEE! I’M NOT ALLOWEDDDDD!
@TheOnlySweeney their slogan should've been #start instead of #finish #start #finish
When your awkwardness only makes you even hotter.... I am not this kind of girl but look equally as awkward.
*cries in south america*
That may work in General, but I think there’d still be problems.
Far enough, np. Its rough communicating sarcasm in text form, especially nowadays with Poe's law in overdrive.
*All I want is to be left alone* *In my average home* *But why do I always feel* *Like I'm in the Twilight Zone?*
Get in, I'll tune in now
You have no right to be there waiting to be nudged.
Hahaha. I see what you did there!
Ok, fair enough. From your original post, it wasn't really clear that you looked at sources other than YouTube.
Does she hate the men in her family too? O.O
Well I'm glad the whole coffee vs beer exchange was the most accurate part of the episode. When it comes to accents, anyway...
My first thought was how bloody your hands are when your downed, You turned Blood and Gore off. Good man
[NAME] is happy.
The projectiles are 1L bottles, so more cylinders than spheres. Does it make any difference?
Yes I wish more people did this!
Taking a float plane is such a amazing experience - highly recommend!
a weird way to spell Boys Don’t Turbo Grafx 16
Thanks [NAME].
Looks like a poached egg.
This. You need medical attention and they'll be able to put you in touch with resources.
> Literally no one cares if you stay or go, Funny you should say that...
He needed to have sex with [NAME] to complete his mission, duh!
I think Seager and Urias will be better than any free agency acquisition we can possibly make. If. Both. Are. Healthy..
I did manage to remember to hang out the washing, but only because the annoying beeping sound the washer makes when its finished a cycle finally filtered into my brain and started to irritate me enough that I couldn't ignore it any longer.
Missed the beginning of the game, cheers or boos for [NAME]? I'm assuming cheers, but you never know in MTL
no, the epilogue has one ending.
He's just a super nice guy who wants to help girls out all while being respectful.
I gathered that part from the Boulder Barnes and Noble part. Was just curious if we were ever in the same ward.
You're championing the removal of some threads while complaining about the removal of threads...
Great video, and kudos for waiting them out and not letting your primal instincts let you attack from a wrong position!
Gross. I hate using those reusable cloth ones because they retain smells. You've got cats? I know, I can smell them.
If he does still pull through on the appointment, he might be someone to schedule more with... Sorry bout your eye... Hope feel better soon...
Don't forget the hours of tests and homework you have to do before getting an interview.
Ah, my bad. Always mix em up. Thanks for the correction!
I honestly didnt know how to handle this.
🎉 It is time for a most joyous celebration! 🎉
So much tininess!
The Dime on Commercial has cheap eats (but expensive drinks) and usually has a good crowd. A bit small but very lively.
Couldnt they just play music through a speaker? This is hilarious
@israelradioguy @WearingWelcome @SkipBaylessSux U blocking doesnt diminish the hilarity of his observation.Or your child-like response to it
Not bothered about the media, it’s you lot greeting about morelos bullying your team mate
Rest can be so damn broken.
The only way to truly be yourself is to bare it all for the world to see.
'What has you smiling like that'\n'Dominos sent me a coupon' 😬
Yah that's what is stopping me. I would have to wire all throw my car or go into my cars electrical which doesn't seem worth it.
Anything can happen. So many upsets have happened at the PLQ. Every team is beatable.
It's not so uplifting that it's guaranteed to die in the Senate...
Skyrim kinda aged poorly but I still keep coming back to it. Might start another playthrough soon.
Girl then DM me if you visit! It’s a great place to live. I moved from NY.
True, it’s not like she’s the last girl on earth or something haha
Weird how this shouldn’t be SFW, but it is
Hi Luke hemmings\n\n💐🌸💐\n\nIf I had a flower for every time you made me smile, I'd have a garden. Please follow me? \n\n💐🌸💐\nI love you. x16,092
I'm still a little surprised at how god awful that defense was. The Bengals definitely have some talent to work with.
Oh yeah, definitely. Sometimes I was with three people while on one date.
[NAME] [NAME] is like the 72hrs from console of course we like him wtf<3
Yup. You see more hands, have to learn more to be competitive.. etc
It's brainwashing. When you have people keep pleasuring themselves, they're easier to manipulate.
@MagicalMunicorn May I suggest, that you have a meal that is made with beans, onions &amp; garlic, the day before class. #revenge #revenge
Zoos are the reason why many endangered species are no longer endangered. You oppose the existence of zoos. Therefore you would rather see those animals go extinct.
Lmao there referring to what [NAME] said in episode 3 🤦‍♂️
To be fair all those things actually help prevent/alleviate depression. Smelling like flowers doesn’t turn you into a woman.
I wonder if Belpedio will get a chance up here at some point.
Based on what exactly. I'm honestly curious in what you value so highly that America has?
@_MariaPetrova should have stopped after 'smiled'. Being rude=not the same as being funny.It was just being mean #bully  #stoppickingonwomen #bully #stoppickingonwomen
I mean everyone already knows what u like so its gonna be weird
Japan uses anime for it all, but it does often prefix it with something like kaigai. (outside of the country).
That gives me flashbacks to when my mom used to record me crying because she thought it was funny. Ugh.
I love HBK, but he never pulled these crazy spots off.
My saving grace: “Since we have an odd number of students, is there anyone who’d prefer to work alone for this project?”
Kraft is the wrong kind of ass though. Even the generic stuff is better than kraft.
You are disgusting.
To give cheerfully.
She was 100% more likable on the tell-all than she was in the show. She may deserve that sweet husband of hers yet!
Unhhh has not been funny for a while now. This is definitely a terrible idea.
Megagrindr, and I love it.
Twice I got it in my hands but it slipped out and bashed itself into the window again.
Les Collines (Never Leave You) is still a bop. I loved that song and is still awesome in 2019.
[NAME] is like [NAME]. He can be in absolute trash and it's still okay because he's [NAME].
Thanks for a different perspective, this made me feel better.
Then she told me it might be due to the new birth control pills she started soon after I left.
Does anyone remember the way home? I do! *blam* Anyone else? *raises hand* *blam* Anyone else?
this is such a happy video
That's a rather annoying extrapolation of what I said.
Same business model as playboy — people bought the magazine for the sexy ladies but the writing was excellent.
wow that is MINT
Outside has basically become a horror movie where gypsy moths take over the world by flitting aggressively about.\n\n#creaturedoublefeature
[NAME] are already in negotiations for a licensed game about shaving and toxic masculinity.
Nope, not my department.
So he gave something different? It will be fine
Do NOT disrespect [NAME]. He is a beautiful, good man!. [NAME] is far from it and not near as pretty.
That may be true. I was just pointing out that the logic of an appeal to nature is fallacious
I like Simmonds, but I feel like he will command to highball price to pay for someone who will sit on the 3rd line.
😭 a #nightmare just woke me up 😭 #nightmare
You should see a therapist if it‘s affecting your life or your mental health that much.
What’s the motive for doing this? To save on fuel by transporting as many people as possible in one go?
Thank you for sharing, there are many abusive relationships out there and it's not always so easy to leave
Need good vibes for my doctors appointment tomorrow!
That's ironic.
So depressing to watch news, today out of 100 bullet news 10 were of rape! What's wrong with people #india #shameless #depressing #india #shameless #depressing
#Facebook is #depressing without even being there. Two apps want it for logging in, I have missed at least two interesting #events and they #facebook #depressing #events
Or dry them and press them into a book!
What absolute garbage
Sorry but why does it matter that you're "from /r/All"?
Say it with me! S! A! T! I! R! E! What does that spell? SATIRE!!!
It doesn't. It really doesn't. I just had a 2nd one a few weeks ago.
Sure but its exclusion isn't some big travesty
A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a broken spirit saps a person's strength.' {Proverbs 17:22} #WednesdayWisdom #wednesdaywisdom
a lot of universities actively discourage even just one part-time job because it has a negative impact on studies--
#PeopleLikeMeBecause they see the happy exterior, not the hopelessness I sometimes feel inside. #depression  #anxietyprobz #peoplelikemebecause #depression #anxietyprobz
Because what you're doing is disgusting and an insult to humanity.
Something being blatant doesn't mean another action isn't as blatant.
Mine said I was most closely correlated with Gujarat (not a surprise) and Karnataka (which I didn't know at all)
Yeah, I'll admit I like Kuzma. [NAME] does kind of remind me of a less talented [NAME].
I know, right? Our genocidal hatred should be targeted towards [NAME], where it belongs!
What is the story behind your account name? Just curious.
Honestly, no. But even vague references would do more to help decide if it's a fresh take on something.
They never will until it affects them directly, and by then it's already in the end game for us :/
I had to relax my muscles and clear my mind in order to do that.
Fake news! Obviously this can't be true, as everyone can clearly see the angelic halo above [NAME] head.
1) I think my least favorite thing our kid has done would be spit up in my mouth. 2) Vomit is worse than spit up
I dont disagree with taking the first steps, I just wish we would be even more ambitious.
> It's upsetting. What can be done? We'll have to take it to the high courts, let them decide!
I love [NAME]. But I’m not sure there is a single player in he nba who he can guard
#anxious don't know why ................. #worry 😶 slowly going #mad hahahahahahahahaha #anxious #worry #mad
I mean I love this but I actually think the backup was better.
No, go home
The faces in that drawing are kinda horrifying
I wish someone would just run [NAME] or [NAME] open ice, it would be worth the penalty
[NAME] gave me depression because had I been left unchecked I would have bested him in hand to hand combat by age 16
Thanks for the gold kind stranger
Wait, are you complaining about the second hit? Dude, you were totally within range. That was one of the least questionable hits I've ever seen
Everyone who is complicit in all this should be punished and questioned as to why they allowed this to happen. Complete disgrace!
I came here to upvote the first throwback [NAME] comment. Wasn’t disappointed.
It WAS a naïve grandma!! 😅
I enjoy BOG and Italy at Epcot. But that’s just me. Also, probably better going to Golive Arden.
Wow this was awful. What kind of audience do these morons have? I mean no one with the money to buy that junk would watch these fools
I haven't seen the chet response, but I cannot imagine myself not telling that person to go to hell and enjoy a lone existence.
Can holiday just stop fucking shooting? I can’t wait till he gets traded.
Now he's sobbing and screaming, finally defeated.
You tell me, was this a short trip or not? I was wrong, it was 4.3
Idk why everyone's being obnoxious. I thought this was a good post, OP.
Its horrifying to think about getting separated from your family, friends and the culture you were living into somewhere new and unfamiliar just like that
If Studio MDHR did this, I'd buy it.
Voting for someone to tax you to death makes no sense
You’re so perfect :)
And its those same strong young rakes that add the finishing touch to "情" Choco Pies, among the heartiest snack foods in the world.
Don't they already have a decent backup in T. Hill or whatever that guy's name is?
People need a way to escape,escape what?This corrupted world.This reality. This joke.This fury of constant pain &amp; stress.We need a vacation
Cats/dogs for sure. It would be refreshing.
Meanwhile, in r/nba *Typical [NAME] publicity stunt with a grandmother, the perfect deflection smh* Probably.
no one cares my guy
Nah. Been over it pretty much since [NAME] said the Vikings did it too. Pretty hard to be mad when we were just as guilty.
You're welcome! :)
You’ve been planning this for a while huh?
[NAME] was bottom 3 just last split...
Maybe one day but I am very cultured*
On [NAME] I’m in Alabama [NAME] pay what you pay and get 179Mbps down smh
I knew I didn't like this guy when the NPR commentator said "He's the best option for attorney general right now"
I was reading up last night and it's a mixed bag. Exercise can help with the depressive episodes, but it can make the manic episodes worse.
Hope the best for him
Being so rare and only giving you bad luck? Fake news
Drop a link or piss off
the new apples of my eye, as promised.
Generally, but Chicago has easily gotten 12 inches of lake effect snow in the past.
Damn, chairs can communicate with eachother now? What a time to be alive!
True love isn't something you find, it's something you build.
@GOT7Official @jrjyp happy birthday jin young!!!!!! #PrinceJinyoungDay  #happyjinyoungday #got7 #happy #birthday #princejinyoungday #happyjinyoungday #got7 #happy #birthday
I have no clue where my charger is... #lost #lost
No. People just realized how dogs make good companions and the dogs in the US aren’t infested with various diseases compared to the ones in developing countries
I'm so happy this whole group of lines was poster. It made my day...
O cool noworries ya I don't actually hate [NAME] he's now my favorite player for Vegas.
Just got a bit worried because it's always showed up instantly for me before
And then everyone clapped
[NAME] and [NAME] may be stronger, but [NAME] just gone mad. She's lost the plot for sure.
Lots of internalized rage and mom guilt daily leading to a good shower cry once a week or so.
I already love [NAME]. [NAME] gorgeous, but just didn't charm me as fast Ms [NAME].
My inevitable famine is when I run out of pop tarts and get sad
I was skeptical about it being huge but damn..
All I can say for sure is that you are more likely to find it back in Korea than I France! Good luck mate
Op forgot to mention his son has a rare scrotum disorder where the balls and shaft are reversed. Poor guy :(
I would really love to hear you expound on your idea of “truth”.
What does “I moved on her like a bitch” mean? I never understood that line
It changed 6 years ago
Early the next morning, newspaper under my arm, I approached the counter of the coffee shop and asked for two medium coffees, black, three-quarters full only.
I thought it described me perfectly well, almost scary accurate so I personally believe in it. At least for INTP.
Aye but happy cake day mate.
Omg lmao 🤣🤣🤣
Thank you very much.
#Peiyophobilia :) An advice from @anirudhofficial don't fear for #Devil! Sure shot✌ @iam_str voice more energetic.Xtremly foot tapping one 👌 #peiyophobilia #devil
Human trafficking is bad.
I would not bother. He read your message and did not reply yet. So that's already a bad sign and not a good start.
Each season gets better and better with season 3 or something you should go back and see what happened.
Different agencies, I guess. My agency would have the whole squad felony stopping these clowns.
Jokes are even more terrible lately
I feel bad for these guys. I'd like to be able to help ex-mos in trouble.
The type of gun he's holding. My bad, my joke wasn't as obvious as I thought.
It's finally official, we got [NAME]
Most of the people commenting in /r/Libertarian aren't libertarians, but are just there to tell libertarians how stupid and evil they are.
Really? Thanks for the correction.
It really is a just lean back and watch things improve on their own situation.
I live in Rainbow City, Fengtai (low risk). Community said “big data” flagged me for passing Yihai, so now I can’t leave home till two tests in three days? Mid-risk people can move freely, yet low-risk me is trapped? Check Fengtai’s management — it’s terrible! Authorities, please investigate.
This is a joke @SomersetCCC #fuming #fuming
– Did any professional teacher praise you? – “Yes, our homework was to compose a song using software, and he said mine was quite good.”
Why watch Robocop when I can just fly to Detroit!
It's much more common in English than in German, weirdly enough.
To be fair, "Junior" was released 25 years ago.
You better be!
I thought I was the only one
There’s never been one person doing okay who [NAME] wasn’t willing to drag down.
Alright dude just fuck off ok, it's not the funniest thing on the internet but it did make me smile so in conclusion fuck you
@CurtisJobling Yes indeed! We know masses of students would be so excited to see you! We need to get this sorted!
Some seriously embarrassingly bad fan fiction too
It would definitely suck!!
@theAliceRoberts @FryRsquared @AdamRutherford They've obviously never tried 'repressing' a red head #fiery #fiery
A presentations propensity for hilarity plays a large part in determining it's funny/offensive ratio and how well such thoughts will go over
That [NAME] cover though... Turned over to [NAME] at that point.
This made my day lol
There will always be criminals in society. Some people lack gratitude, have no moral boundaries, and care only for themselves. Ending up in jail is only a matter of time.
Editing like this is fine — not a bad ending. Still enjoyable; honestly I know In the Name of the People is great, but never watched.
I'm not the type to flee from adversity nor does it discourage me. I'll always stand strong in the paint
...says the opioid addicted narcissist with multiple untreated physical and psychological ailments and is completely unable to work with anyone but his own clone.
LOL watch this with the Raptors' commentary:
Damn, you woke homie. Your virtue has been successfully signaled.
Stoicism isn't a bad thing. The idea that all men HAVE to be or by nature are stoic is.
You can't argue that these are the same when clearly one of them has a monopoly over the market.
*"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent."* -- [NAME]
There goes my hero....
That’s exactly how mine is ! Wow that’s sort of funny there is an actual name For it 😳😔
Don't tell me what to do.
Okay you've annoyed me, you haven't done a good job there at all.
Starting super simple helps; compliment strangers! Nothing else - smile, compliment and keep walking your merry way. Hell of a confidence booster too
Season 2 has been fantastic
The air can kill you at this temperature.
100%. This is made up. If her claim was true, she'd have it on video.
@danmericaCNN @aefadul22 HRC has the experience, temperment, knowledge &amp; ability to lead us in this perilous time
Except for that ridiculous tongue action, she has quite a pretty face.
Opponents will try to figure out how to stop our running game...but they'll be Stumped.
@o_pebbles Not of this one sadly! 😪
They do not need to. A majority of the vox populi think like you do.
I love gold !!
I love lighthouses
I was there on the opposite side of the field. I did not believe he made that catch until we saw it later on tv. Unreal.
i have bought this but not played. i'm scared. hold me.
Thank you for the advice!
The conversion go muscle probably helped, considering the size of them. I'm super happy for you dude, you've done amazingly!
What is the chair in the photo? I'm torn between sex toy and torture device.
And yet “50 Shades” got a major release...hmmm
Pretend it's a multiplication table. Memorize a bit at a time.
Give her weed to make her asexual and want to have sex with you. Great [NAME] logic.
It was a mess.
This website is so strange.
Now that you're saying it, it actually makes sense. I'll be really hurt, but if she makes him happy I can't stop him.
Thank you so much! I know I deserve better, it just hard moving on and knowing that it’s finished.
I am. He's the easy pick. Would be perfect for this franchise. I'm worried that he won't make it to us.
Problem is, it is Bantam and younger. I can teach breakouts easy enough and I don't need a panicked D zone to do it.
I hope so and I think they have the ability to, but I just have a bad feeling that they won't.
Popufurs make posts like 'opening commissions in an hour get a slot while you can' and I'm like sitting here in awe at that sort of demand
I dont know, she seems pretty gangster to me.
Naaah, that is and always will be [NAME], especially since her redesign in MKX. perfect waifu.
Dude the speed which the cop came running is amazing
I feel that way about [NAME] antis saying [NAME] and [NAME] antis saying [NAME]. But I’m also terrible and laugh every time I see it.
He must hate that gym as much as everyone else does.
It’s shit. It doesn’t let you see schedule information.
No link sharing the pics? Mildly disappointed in reddit haha
No thanks.
Um yea. You’re being creepy. Stop stalking her
After sleeping past noon, I look out the window to see my hotel has a HOT TUB!!!!! #bliss #bliss
I'm assuming they sense the change but to translate it onto the screen for the audience they have to have them realize it
Does anyone know, are both Sims in a dual sim phone both locked to the same network!
When you've been dodging as much as [NAME] has, to this challenge, ppl start to 2nd guess and lose faith in you.
Search the subreddit for "team history." We get this question time to time and there's already a bunch of info there.
Iss all good now but thanks!
Isn’t tipping a basic Weibo feature? Everyone uses it. Why is it suddenly “fundraising” when Liu Xin does it? You won’t let her live — constantly reporting to shut down her account.
Funny I’m on my second play through and this happens...
@Lexual__ @jdspielman10 RIP to the 100s of black men,, women,CHILDREN killed in Chicago. Where is the outrage?
For extra measure tape it right by your crotch so she can't take it for sexual assault reasons
It's also about anyone else who feels down or attacked by misandrist social signals. Finding ways to counteract these signals and their effects is a worthwhile pursuit.
Looks like my greyhounds feet
Oh whoops, I misread the original comment
Thanks for taking this on. My daughter's extended family on her father's side do nothing but indulge this crap and it's undermining everything.
Looks like he's got the funk.
Keep defending their failures and advocating for people to stay silent and just lie down. Good luck with that, it's unfortunately working.
@TzumiXIV huff puff
Thank you so much. That means a lot. ❤
That pedo ring that developed under [NAME] tenure makes him the worst owner of a sports team ever, bar none.
@Ms_HeartAttack holy shit it just a bee sting like fuck you're not dying
Funny a lot of rich kids think 100k a year is very feasible.
Well dang. Seems like there’s no tried and true method then.
{Strong hands moving to firmly grope each of @WhimsicallyWild's thighs, squeezing as her digging nails extract a growl from me.}
You finally made a monkey out of me
Shitpost from the uncultured
He acted like such a jerk- why would you want to be friends with someone like that? I would never trust him again.
Pretty sure the plate is completely visible in the article...
I was too legit. Too legit to quit. Now I’m not legit. I’m un-legit. And therefore, I must quit.
Unfortunately that's a long old way from Sydney, but I'm glad teams don't mind having non playing members
I’m so sorry for your loss and even more sorry about your mothers shitty reaction. I hope you’re doing better. ❤️
When I was a kid and it was really interesting how you could do to make you believe that you need to go back to sleep.
You have to learn how to live life regardless of circumstances &amp; not let life leave you. \n#purpose #Growth  #process #confident #happy #joy #growth #process #confident #happy #joy
most issues with nervousness and anxiety can be eliminated by eliminating the bad habits that are causing them to begin with, instead of 'just exercising/meditating' more
my 3.5mm jack came with my iphone se and I can literally never lose it as long as I have my phone.
How I met your mother with muscles
This is not true, you can still cross train to short fall career fields at the half.
i pushed standing up for a while and emerald crowned, but got pretty tired and laid on the bed on my side while matthias held my leg up and that's how emerald came out!
[NAME] edit: [NAME]= Evil [NAME] because hikineet. [NAME]= Evil [NAME] because we hate trannies. [NAME]= Evil [NAME] because false rape charges.
@nicky57672 Hi! We are working towards your highlighted concern and we will keep you posted on same. Regards, Himani
I like that he keeps with the Cardinals’ colors. This needs to be an alternative uniform
Reminds me of when we used to have an RB named [NAME] while [NAME] was at Texas
This is getting out of hand! Now there’s two of them!
Luckily fellow first grade students were awesome and they either felt sorry for me or completely forgot about it the next day.
Personally, I think WebOS was the best until HP beat it to death. I loved my Palm Pre.
Recording some more #FNAF and had to FaceTime my mum to let her know I was okay after I let out a high pitched scream 😂 #horror #suchagirl #fnaf #horror #suchagirl
Oh and now vini is down
I think this type of stuff is great fun too. However, my ex objects if the kids go back to her with too many scrapes and bruises.
Hmmm I dont think I listen to only [NAME] if I last checked. These arent INTP playlists they're just playlists I like as an INTP
I just saw a snot nosed brat eat a croissant on the subway and got crumbs all over and the snobby rude mom left like nothing happened .
Give this man a hug, he needs it
me, myself, and I \n #horror movie alone again tonight maybe a #zombie would eat me and finish my life game already - i want #gameover #horror #zombie #gameover
What should I do? Some parts of Haizhu District reopened, I thought the end was near — now another lockdown again? I’m so anxious.
oh I relate. I’ve spent many a hour on that game (;; . _ .)
Still can't see. Thanks.
Nothings #Working-you're feeling your life's on The Edge_Could go either way #lost all reason for #Living-JesusChristHealsSavesASK #fatloss #working-you #lost #living-jesuschristhealssavesask #fatloss
4chan is brigading her video.
The “figuring it out” part seems really hard
@EE your website is making me feel violent rage and your upgrade options aren't helping either. #Aaaaarrrrgghhh #iwanttocancel #rage #aaaaarrrrgghhh #iwanttocancel #rage
They also oftentimes are not friendly environments for women and queer folk in my experience
Forcing your partner to suppress their interests because you dislike them.
Every time I think about how close we were to getting [NAME] it hurts a little bit more...
Go cry somewhere else please.
How the hell is that comment "holding the GM accountable"
A long while ago, I slept over at one of my guy friends' house.
Didn't even take a sip of the wine, and he still got wasted.
Everything is a red flag to reddit. I swear you people just hate relationships
I love this game already
@AfroNewtzz also your car hahahah 'oh we've broken down lemme just rearrange the car quickly' #nightmare #nightmare
To be fair it seems like we're in a month-long shutdown because a large portion of the feds are desperately tryjng to not build a wall.
shhh patience, a future video
But milk is beta food! Who wants that girly ass shit from a boob? My child will drink bone broth and the tears of broken women!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE PANDERIFIC PANDA IK.@TheOrionSound I hope you have an amazing day Oli i love u so much and i ❤️ur vids they make me 😃
Lmao good man
Minor character but I love [NAME].
Deep down it’s discrimination… Now people even ask foreigners to report lost items for them. Is it really that hard to enforce the law fairly?
As soon as I started climbing, my hands felt toasty warm.
May you endure endless loneliness, hide galaxies within — your face a masterpiece, your soul a fairytale, your life a movie, your existence a legend.
Thank you too. I know this sounds like a circle jerk, but let’s kill them with kindness, lol.
has anyone been successful sending bitcoin to another wallet?
Sorry I've already peaked male. I don't peak twice. But good try. I r8 8/8, m8.
Feeling bit better now, but the feeling as a whole will come back I know.
This dude live near me. All my highschool classmates are big fans of his and look up to him.
I freaked out and, eyes still closed, went back to bed.
The best thing about a traffic jam on 59 is getting out of it
Well that took a turn real quick!
>Charters get to choose who they take Not in Los Angeles. Admissions is by lottery.
Which was even more possible 2 years ago. It’s tougher now than it was with a larger republican majority.
It hurt my ears and gave me a headache, but I left it loud to protest my mom-ness.
You’ve just been Bat-bulled!!!
So I can’t do anything about it now?
@ExaltedChampion - the jest, Kara didn't chuckle, instead her baby blues were narrowed in on Adam like a warning. If his brain /wasn't/ -
Beautiful. I love ecclesiastical architecture.
Yeah I live in Philadelphia. I also get told I look 14 constantly so I haven’t bothered trying to even get in hah
@TheCatHeSay I may be #alwayshungry but I haven't sunk that low yet!! @Thereluctantcat #alwayshungry
Kids in Africa could have eaten those cigarettes.. :( Kidding. Good for you man. Congrats!
That's fine. I'm searching for the truth, not just the legal truth. To each their own.
Please go to urgent care and get some antibiotics if you have not already. UTIs can become serious if they go untreated.
I kept hoping [NAME] would walk out and shame DG.
I also love Dallas Observer's Concert Calendar by day:
I bet she smells like a jar of mayo left open for a week in the summer
I’m incredibly jealous of you and yours. Congratulations. Maybe someday I’ll have someone.. but I dream.
Really? There's a stick right behind him!
This hit home
I love my family so much #lucky #grateful #smartassfamily  #love #lucky #grateful #smartassfamily #love
People will stop wanting to punch/jail these people when they stop being ignorant, selfish pricks putting newborn babies at risk.
This is awesome. Thank you!!!!
I'm just tryna watch horror movies and nap all day
To be fair, you have to have a staggeringly high IQ to understand the Dead Parrot Sketch.
I asked at the Bodies Reveled show if they used prisoner bodies.. I got an awkward no.
errr, nah she'll be dead in both without compesations. less than 40% winrate.
You are welcome mr/ms [NAME]
Yep. Happy New Years!
Haha. 🤔
Fuck isn't it nice to have a [NAME] on the team?
... in the same speech.  However he did mention foreign hand and funding in terrorism in the country. 👍\n#ProudOfYouPrimeMinister
Love me some incel gammer rage, pure gold
Me too 💕
@Rovers what highlights ? I would imagine you will only have 30 seconds of highlights for the whole season so far #shocking. #venkysout #shocking #venkysout
My prince!
Sounds like you two are really good together - cheers, and much happiness to you both!
It would have been more believable if he stated he was attacked by penguins wearing red hats.
I used to build a ramp and jump over other kids on my bike ala [NAME]... I was amazed at the time.
Most underrated subreddit.
Why!? I just don’t understand why? Somebody tell me why?
I don't even know what your asking now
melancholy I got up for work this morning and turned on the news like usual but i heard a story that broke my heart and brought me to tears.
There is a startling lack of empathy in this thread.
Happy birthday! Drinking one for you tonight. When you get up tomorrow you can take the first step to making sure next years birthday will be better!
Let's be fair to them and say not forever. But at least until I die.
Tend the sick, Lord Christ; give rest to the weary, bless the dying, soothe the suffering, pity the afflicted, shield the joyous;
Shouldn’t this be “How sex feels after your wife has a child”
This is a good change. I've heard too many sad stories on Tinder about this sort of thing, looking for a way out.
Get him boys!
It's not funny, but what do you mean?
Caring too much
There are a lot of miserable people on reddit, don’t let them get to you
This is the scariest American Horror Story out of all of them... I'm gonna have to watch in the daytime.
Recommended reading: Prisoners of Hate by Aaron Beck
Yours is censored though.
You are like 2 years away from being Mr [NAME].... "eeeeexcellent"
I definitely wouldn’t do a role change at the tournament but definitely when they get home. I should’ve clarified that sry.
if they’re available for questioning then you’re a shitty kidnapper. -3/5 stars
@1xfly you sir are hilarious
Just when I thought I was burnt out on comic book movies! Hell yes, let’s go!
Yeah, because not paying a bill on time is equal to murdering children.
is a recent article interesting read.
I've been there. It's one of the most diverse places on Earth.
Same. More often than not, people don’t bother to wipe up their pee on the toilet seat.
Because idiots in this sub care too much about what other people have on their screen? It only tells me that too many people on here are narcissists.
The fact you think they earned their wealth with effort shows you dont comprehend their wealth
Saw [NAME] of Big Bang Theory many years ago without makeup and she looked awful, and that was when she was pretty
So they #threaten to kill #kapernick for KNEELING. I say every athlete just stop playing until social justice and equality comes forth. #threaten #kapernick
With fingertips tapping, ink fragrance drifts—cherish this warm encounter, send fragrant blessings. With heart as pen, sincerity as ink, leave friendship’s mark on time’s pages. Greetings, my friends! Happy weekend!
she started hallucinating and thrashing around in the bathroom stall at one point.
At least he tried
That’s not the whole
They did this at one of my jobs. The icing on the 'fuck you cake' was the drivers' last day was 4 days before Christmas.
Wat u been ordering u naughty boy😂
Fuckin restless
Pakistan continues to treat #terror as a matter of state policy says @MEAIndia. #UriAttack #terror #uriattack
Oh hell yeah. The Don is perfect for when [NAME] rounds into the second half of his career after he’s collected a few rings.
@BouchetPetersen @libe @dom_albertini @DavidDoucet Imposuture intellectuelle ! #préjugés #intolérance #personnalitéAutoritaire  #préjugés #intolérance #personnalitéautoritaire
[NAME] has played really well though. Arguably better than [NAME]
You mean more handouts than they already get?
I would not be that mad though. Just disappointed. I am angry at people like you, not the show in itself.
Wow what's it like to be so petty? (Fixed)
lol classic [NAME]
I suffered from severe trauma as a child.
You’re right. Pressing f.
@oreillyfactor why dont #blm #thugs want #justice when its black on black #gang crime? They only #rage and cry #racism when its a #cop #blm #thugs #justice #gang #rage #racism #cop
Cool Thanks very much !
Still curious if they try and trade [NAME]. One thing is for sure I’m not ruling anything out. [NAME] and the FO is getting very creative
Could be an attainability thing. My personality is very aloof and I tend to have much better results with more confident girls in general.
[NAME] said it best. Un-fuckin-believable bro
this is good. well done.
Psst, your spoiler tag is busted. Don't leave spaces between the ! and your text.
Cheers for the recommendation nonetheless, will have a look!
Damn, we need healthy PGs.
This is completely false.
And motherf'ing crack!
Imagine the baby being retarded
The sad part is that we are not trying to tank
Follow up — are the Adidas sized to wear over pads?
It’s just speculation, but...yikes!
I stated previously, the one knock on [NAME] is his lack of counters. That’s what separates him and [NAME].
So sorry for your loss! I lost my cat 6 years ago in 2021 due to terminal autism. 😭😭
Great sign! We’ll get them next year!!
Yes, we'll see! On a separate note, when I read your user name at first glance I thought it was "ItGetsThroughBoner".
Thank you, I will check it out once I get home :D
Some Leftist ideologies frown upon SocDems as counterrevolutionary. Don’t agree with it, but that’s the thought process.
Some children came out and cheered me on offering water and slapping my back.
I never had that problem
I support the county chief — it’s tough at the grassroots. To avoid burdening hometowns, I’ll stay put again this New Year. Miss my parents, but it’s understandable.
Funny how artificial famines are genocide when the Brits do it, but not when it's the Soviets.
[NAME] is such a wholesome woman. The world needs more people like her.
Hello, Do you need a student ID for anywhere in the process? I have a valid email but can’t find my ID right now. Thanks
Defination of a best friends..!!! \n\na person who opens his mouth just to #insult yu..!! :D :D :D #insult
One post, 155 updogs. I've seen this raw power only once before.
Took a bus, got tube, walked to my office. Other people don't annoy me so I haven't got much to say.
This man makes aggressive grunts while breathing
He was cut yesterday, unfortunately
I found an understanding of [NAME] degrees of belief and updated probability extremely clarifying
Not sure where people get them from but I see people offering them out here and there so thought I'd take advantage
I did not know those were a thing. I need to get one for my pain meds.
@JrDingy96 Ikr people still got a grudge against him for no reason like wtf?!
She's a terrible debater.
His Batman/TMNT book is a really fun read with great art.
The fact someone could read your post and literally go and do this saddens me.
Get off my property
Respect for the person to let you know upfront.
Oh I will be independent. I don't need someone like that in my life.
Hang on, I'll see if I can find them and then I'll get back to you. :-)
> What plans should I use to hide the scent of a decaying body? Can you bottle up his farts? Seriously.
My son told me he hates me
Crazy.Anyway, my feet & knees still hurt this morning.
Sometimes people leave you halfway through the wood. Do not let it grieve you, no one leaves for good. #youarenotalone #nooneisalone #youarenotalone #nooneisalone
Back in 2006 when I was in high school I took Earth Sciences, and in the spring I was on my teacher's computer when I came across a photo of me giving the thumbs up.
Same, hopefully it’s there in 15 years so people have the opportunity to look at it and pick a different brand.
Lmao I hope I’m not the only one who gets this
Our county’s per capita income is 3,000, yet new homes cost 18–30k! That’s outrageous—city prices are just over 10k.
True. You always gotta be careful. It's pretty sad actually. I feel used and abused.
#Quoteoftheday\r\r'If you don't do #wild things while you're young, you'll have nothing to #smile about when you're old.'\r\r#dailyquote #quotes #quoteoftheday #wild #smile #quotes
Confronting people with footage from slaughter houses is a horrible thing to do in my opinion.
The company won’t let us go out during holidays, so the break doesn’t even serve its purpose. Working continuously is exhausting, and before the holidays there are endless checks and meetings — truly tiring.
They will never find your body... MORE beautiful than all of your loving friends you wonderful person!
That comment reads like something out of a circlejerk sub. I can't believe it was said unironically
Too bad [NAME] is a bad person if abandoned and tries to kill you as well. Her singing was really nice..
I’m not gonna be writing you a paper check!
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** Spottedgriffin! ^(hug)
While out at the beach for a weekend for her birthday. There was no final straw, I just wanted to.
You’re funny—where will you find a fair process? Do they even care? If they’re unjust, why should we be righteous?
That isn't in the rule.
Being the most hated team of the refs is fun huh guys?
I'd love for someone to pay a little attention to me
There's no such thing as "toxic masculinity" and it is a term used by bigots to hide their sexism.
Chiefs look soft
When they tell me “oh my [NAME] you don’t look 22, you look 15”
I'm surprised they play the national anthem at derby bouts there, been to many bouts in Minnesota and haven't once heard the national anthem performed.
Daily Wire is a hate site, and [NAME] is a bigot.
I recommend reading it. What an odd duck/rabbit.
You are correct. But sometimes you might have a plan or you have to improvise. I’m glad it worked.
Look at the quality of that animation on the spider legs. This goes to show that the Simpsons really used to go way beyond the call of duty
Well someone should stop them!
How do you hire the former DA? That sounds super helpful...
I don't even remember what I was thinking.
Their Cinnamon Chip Bread is also quite good.
Thank you!! That’s me as [NAME]!
R/T DIDN'T WANT IT!!!!
Newsflash: Ugly people cheat, too. Cheaters cheat. Cheating is a behavior, not a look.
Who hurt you?
Anti [NAME] concern trolling. Mods are quite fine with it, no surprise.
Games back on.
THIS IS NOT HAPPENING!
Dang. That IVF story. I feel so badly for that woman oh my god
***RUINS THE BALANCE IN THE FORCE***
Hopefully he gets traded
And yet he's still plummeting in popularity, even now. No he aint babe.
Self confidence I think and the fact that I’m scared if I do give all of myself to some that they won’t reciprocate.
I do enjoy how insignificant the belltower looks in its surroundings nowadays. Still a waste of money. Thanks [NAME] of "Wes-tern Australia".
Yeah I hope he can play against IU that’d be a huge loss
Thank you. I have never seen the word typed in that way before.
It's okay. One day you won't be so sad and angry, and people will still accept you.
It’s possible changing meds is best not done while under stress. Difficult to tell what part of despair is circumstantial, what is drugs.
Crying? Yeah i like crying C-calling R-out Y-for I-serious N-mental G-treatment
Dude I love working OC. You can bounce around like 4 different districts
Apparently Faux news held off on reporting the story at first, presumably until they could get approval on how they should spin it.
She was Brazilian, or Chinese, or something weird.
It means that [NAME] campaign colluded, contrary to them saying otherwise. Sorry if you voted to advance Russian interests.
If it comes out that [NAME] or [NAME] were sexual predetors I am going to be pretty god damn upset.
The public’s ignorance in medicine or virology shouldn’t be blamed—everyone excels in their own field. Panic-buying medicine stems from experts failing their duty.
She was carrying all my burdens >:((
You must have missed most of the thread then. :p
I was just going to say she looks like she’s silently trying to ask strangers for help in a kidnapping situation
Because he's looking at the love of his life! Oh does he love the person looking at him in that big screen!
Choose wisely, you ....
Wondering why this hasn’t been made a thing yet 😂
No, he said he's bringing in somewhere around 10K a month, not 2500 a month. That's a HUGE income gap.
Amen, block all immigration.
But some people are not on that subreddit, he is just reminding all the people in the [NAME] faction
what has helped me was to figure out the root cause of the anger and address those feelings rather than hold onto the anger.
A billon more [NAME] saves and I’ll have [NAME]!
Just Wow.
Call me cynical, but I wish things wouldn't go back. That's why I like Infinity Wars as much as I did.
@GreatFallVoyagr #bitter sums it up! Congrats Nicole! that's all folks #bb18 now onto #survivor ! #bitter #bb18 #survivor
Top-10 money?
I went to a destination wedding being the only single person. Promised to never put myself in that situation again.
Why are you defending [NAME], [NAME] clearly intends [NAME] to come across as a bad leader. Good leaders don’t get murdered bu their men.
yeah so even after this he got drafted at 41 only lol...and he dominated vs KAT and rest
Oh [NAME], tell me more I'm almost there..
I'll do these changes. Thanks!
Does anybody else see strong parallels between power and freedom? Feel free to distinguish or correlate the two in a comment.
He also lost a QB battle to a 40 year old and rookie "project" QB that everyone thought needed to sit a year pre-draft.
"they can't come through the port" He's obviously never seen The Wire
I started this morning barging seven minutes late into a meeting that was not the meeting I thought it was. W E L P
@firstleeds not only are your buses unreliable your e ticket app is too unable to get on two buses and late for work #fuming #useless reply #fuming #useless
Wow you’re cool
I graduated in 2002 and had history books that ended with [NAME] 2nd term. I had great teachers but terrible materials.
Not practicing with the team, seems like a bad sign for playing today.
It certainly reeks of the same kind of scam.
Was the song "New Light"? I'd love to see the vid you're talking about if you come across it
That isn’t the Thai flag? 🇹🇭
My two favorite channels are Inner Integration and From Surviving to Thriving. Both have many videos, and they really get it.
Yeah, I agree. It left a bad taste in my mouth that they weren't even gonna mention it, so at least it's something.
You’re disgusting. I hope your wife finds somebody much, much better than you.
Like, they get it ALL straight in their face anyway. Esp if walking
Inpouring this letter we are dying over against subsist checking quaint virtuoso ways toward fine huff yours l...
[NAME] has the same amount of points as [NAME]
The "extinction events" is lame because Earth right after that extinction event will be a Haven compared with the Hell Mars is.
This is the greatest thing I’ve ever read
I am serious. I have no idea what they were prior to a few days ago.
It’s shocking if you’re a bad electrician.
doing some testing with my current earth burst team
Wtf is it 2015 again?
Super fake news. This wasn't brought up when directly asked about it in previous testimony.
We stick out in a crowd. You can run with it or hide from it. I love embracing it!
What documentaries would you recommend? I want to see it.
I wasn't aware of that subreddit before. Thanks for reading and for the recommendation!
Oh, sweet. It's the gaming guy who hasn't uploaded any gaming videos yet! /s (I like him and am just poking fun)
Grew up together obviously. So if you want to have an alligator friendly family, raise your babies with baby alligators!
@MaryamNSharif I think just becz u have so much terror in pak nd urself being  a leader u forgot d difference btw a leader nd terrorist !
Shades of Akira / Ghost in the Shell!
I know we were all thinking it. I’m supposed to be a leader so all you sheeple better follow me!
@mediacrooks @thenewshour @LodhiMaleeha @ndtv @IndiaToday This is hilarious ! Not a Freudian slip, eh !
Awesome, glad you like it. I need to get one this week now.
You were disappointed in 2014?
There are quite a number of things we do in modern life that are not sustainable over the short term.
I’m glad I had a few margaritas before I read this
More like I was raised in Asia but go off. I’m not gonna bother arguing with trumpie lmao.
Meetings during long holidays, tsk tsk… Expecting “pre-COVID recovery by midyear” — counting on Lunar New Year travel?
For every legit billionaire there’s 2 that scammed their way there
Update: still alive, the paranoia is gone
Seeing Capital Cities live so learning to sing Chartreuse out of excitement.
why would you have kids? why would you chose not to be with that girl with big boobs? you dumped her?!
Welcome to the Just Cause experience
Haaaa! That's awesome! Sounds like my town, Alamogordo, New Mexico.
Thats it I am out. This sub stinks.
Im more impressed with the non-toxic team work! Good job!
AYY! Anti-Semitism! Didn't expect that from AnCaps, but I'm not surprised.
I love how he’s still smiling while being eaten
Haha I can imagine! Good on you for doing it though.
I sit there with my shotgun and wait.
No he’s right, the accents are the only thing similar, and even those aren’t.
@ShannonBeador we know the truth about her, the public is figuring it out. Her words mean nothing. #unhappy #mean #troubled #vile  #unhappy #mean #troubled #vile
People who live in glass houses...... [NAME]. This punk has no right to smack.
Left beer outside so I could make a cool picture for reddit. Please give karma.
It's got what plants crave.
Even if it’s against the rules, they’ll still deliver. From friends to criminals after decades — yet they shared over 20 years of friendship.
I love all the episodes with Doug Judy in it.
Bloody forking shirtballs! This has to be some kind of "The Good Place" / Bad Place repost robomod bullshort.
brennan cook and breezy should get back together😍😍😍
In my last comment: > *Some* liberals...
Or that's just another terrible problem with the template
I really hope we see another fighter like him he was so fun to watch, a fighting machine with that killer instinct
In the short term, yes.
Why thank you sir!
True man true
The BBQ ranch and Greek are my favorites!!
He was in a state of shock lol
Well if you're moving to Dallas, it's basically the same thing as Oklahoma and California combined. You're totally safe there!
Need those thick strong legs to give the boot to all inferior and lesser beings, keep them firmly on the ground while you stand tall over them!
Good [NAME] ^(that's perfect)
I think [NAME] has a pretty unconventional face, also [NAME]
says, who are you to compared me with the others; I'm just human. #lit #fire #burning #lit #fire #burning
Crochet, my good friend
@jaymohr37 droop saw naked wrestling and asked 'What if I get a hole in one?' #jaymohrsports #jaymohrsports
Anger, resentment, and hatred are the destroyer of your fortune today.'
DSJ, [NAME], [NAME], Zion/Draft, [NAME] would be exciting to watch.
Too many gloomy days
Well good luck with that. [NAME] does nothing but be a minor headache with occasionally killing some border guards.
FOR THE LOVE OF [NAME] WATCH THE DUB. THANK ME LATER. You can watch it on Crunchyroll, Hulu, or Kissanime/Dubhappy clones.
Absolutely nothing can go wrong.
I’m definitely leaving him. I have a 0 tolerance for cheating and won’t be staying for it to happen again
obviously, its just a stupid question
@B4caferacer I see things in  the clouds that others can't see so I can #elate #elate
I personally took this of his snapchat.... [lmfao
Hahaha where was this when I started out.
That's not how they decide things. It's a political entity like any other and other members exert pressure, there are compromises, etc.
My mom signed me up when I was 15. Wow that was a fun weekend. /s
thank you in turn! :D
Yes, a lot of it
@LoveMyFFAJacket FaceTime - we can still annoy you 😂
Oh look, someone who doesn't understand how living languages work.
I like how not remove other things for stupid stuff and this doesn’t get removed
The latter part felt forced—Wu Gang contributed nothing, An Xin barely mattered, and villains collapsed illogically. The ending was dumb and abrupt.
I know, I'm training. Only a semi-cursed word with a number as the user seems coincidental.
Thank you for the specifics! Really helpful. Glad you’ve found such a good mix for you.
They fetishize our oppression. Different day, same tune.
What's the fucking point of this post? Is just baseless claims with no proof to back them up.
The more videos @PanicAtTheDisco  post, the more i am convinced i might should not have done that  #Brendonati #brendonati
Things were great for awhile, everything was perfect.
Did [NAME] mention the astroturf pitch after today's comfortable 3-0 win? He certainly made a big fuss about it after the loss at Rugby Park.
After 6 weeks, anything becomes a habit I hear.
Ok I see what you mean. Thanks.
[NAME] doesn't have a rolling r lmao
Damn straight! My folks only knew when I told them about it!
I care about me and my benefit.. No shits given about you (general you) . It's my job to vote my best interest
The self righteous feel no shame
Honestly, these are probably things you should have thought about before telling your husband you wanted to separate.
I believe [NAME] only has control over if the speech is held inside the House of Representatives, not if it will be held in some other place.
I’m confused why the [NAME] tax is negative savings. Otherwise great stuff .
Omg where did you get this?
This is the reason why I don't have friends. Not even skinny ones, you never know how they will be in the furure
We, the fans, are the losers here.
@TeamShanny legit why i am so furious with him, people are such fucking idiots.
xD Add it to the meme list guys
Nobody does that!
When will [NAME] learn that recycling his old favorite beliefs and takes from 2008, will not end or age well.
What terrible thing to see and have no vision-\n\nHelen Keller-\n\n-Begin with the end in mind-\n\nStephen Covey-\n\n #whereareugoing  #whereareugoing
you da real mvp!
Screw DBs swill, their creepy Children of God (cult) employees, and the traffic mess it creates on Rural in Tempe
Wow. [NAME] is gonna lose CO by double digits
But I do I still love him and he still loves me but he says im too immature
Born and raised in New Britain. Love these sodas.
I loved watching the planes fly over us and then this one plane was somehow flying in reverse direction.
Its not better then PoE.....by a longshot.
Its a sign
It is so ugly I felt personally attacked by it, what can I say
Not setting an alarm to nap &gt;&gt;
It certainly is if the title of the meme is Buh We Dindu Nuffin' wouldn't you agree? That sounds like a racist stereotype to me anyway.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. He removed his name off the records long ago.
I do have ps4 😂 But it's more easier to play on Tablet because I can play wherever I go
So you defend an evil murdering dictator and pedal conspiracy theories and whataboutism. Grow up.
I never donate to 90DF go fund me. We can thank [NAME] and [NAME] for starting the trend.
Was just thinking that. Great tunes
Really? I thought he was a Solicitor before Newstalk?
A couple things: Fuck Nazism. Enjoy the ban for trolling!
downvoting for reupload please stop this nobody likes it
wow - resonates with me.
This girl is really hot. tight biker suit and all that.
Thanks hehe hit me up on there sometime!
Great, so we know the spanish pronounciation is therefore racist and now I'm offended by it.
The [NAME] are all laughing at each other. They are divided. We need to strike them down while they are weak.
motivated me to get up and pet my boy [NAME]. we don't realize pets are fininte... i hope you find you peace
@kimdelacreme_ @Srgohdatzme305  I'm there... let me know
Death will come in the end. Live while you can. Life is a once in an eternity opportunity.
I'm ready for October. Cooler weather and more #horror flicks on TV. #horror
[NAME]: I want to be where the people are... I want to see, want to see 'em dancing...
That is even worse. No tax from them and we provide them with services.
Good try now turn the lights on.
Many great years in these jerseys, would love to see them come back as our 3rds with the 1970s originals for the 50th Anniversary season
That doesn't sound right but I don't know enough about stars to dispute it
No, it isn't K.
Wish they'd update Trapper's and Wraith's. They're so boring.
Even if you were, all good my dude! Shouldn't comment on something too quickly lol
Very true, interesting point of view.
I'M LITERALLY DEAD
Shitty situation, dont protect yourself with guns unless shots have already been fired.
This is dangerous.
I mean if my wife looks like that when I get married then I’ll be quite happy.
Damn. Low tech bait bike
Or you could literally walk down amy street and see any ugly guy with a girl..
Turns out 'it' wasn't even anything to be concerned about at all. Im happy and a bit frustrated it took so long to get this answer.
I'm sorry, but that poor kitty looks miserable.
I love how sly you are being
What a great response!!
Wi-fi and 4G ARE microwaves, and it IS radiation.
I'm upset that there's no sexual subtext between [NAME] and [NAME] in the new Super Mario game
Tweeting from the sporadic wifi on the tube
Yeah, they are the dumb ones you need to avoid.
one quick glance at your comment history negates any value in this comment
Coloradon't is hilarious. I also thought of Rocky Mountain Lowpoint or Rocky Mountain Loser.
By that point I felt like someone was stabbing my head with a sharp object.
So lucky!! :)
I first liked [NAME], but disliked her after [NAME].
Oh dear, you are entertaining. Please, talk more to me.
Some bloke on the train who's obviously trying to provoke West Ham fans by loudly slagging off the stadium to his mate on the phone
❤❤❤❤❤ this morning in my head I kept saying let go of the resentment this is amazing
You forgot about Argentina, 30k people died here because of the USA
Self driving cars still won't help fix the problem if old people can't afford them
Not too picky? Aha, I tried that a few weeks back. Boom 50 matches. They're as desperate as us
That’s the one!
The good thing about Weibo is that many dare to speak — especially young people. It keeps one from feeling hopeless. 🙏
My heart skipped a beat when I saw this. My childhood dog looks just like them, and her name was Brandy!
It's not like anyone else is ever a jerk on twitter of course.
I'm a cis woman and your wardrobe sounds like like my ideal fall wardrobe!
I was thinking she suspects her husband is being unfaithful and sneaking around.
I stopped watching [NAME] the moment vie when they made the sub surface and I realised they were rewriting history. It's insulting.
So you could say that this is one of very few subreddits that manages to somewhat avoid political spins and that the original commentor is a worthless shill
Awesome, it looks like we've found our next scapegoat.
Through mutual friends, and online forums. I find out most online shooters are more fun when playing in a party and able to chat.
[NAME] isn’t a rookie, he played last year. Was pretty average but turned into a true RB1
Ok yea running toward him makes it easier good idea
I'm floored by their solution for "landing" the drones. It's so brilliant. I love this channel!
Lol sounds great but that's probably not what the OP wants to hear 😉
Yes that's correct, without TWDG no story based game would exist , but i still like LiS
I wish I could help you but I’m in the same ditch as you. High school is causing me troubles too
But it literally had. Her name on it. Kids are so fucking stupid.
And you better fucking get there early too! Bargain shoppers don't fuck around.
That's a little girl, not a sandwich.
I’m ready to see yet another person fall tonight.
Bro, it's only game, why you heff to be mad?
Fucking love that song.
But not to the folks screwing him at the gas department.
If i remember I drank the rest of the liquor my friends and I were sharing then blacked out
I think calling it a “meme” gives these idiots a little too much credit. They’re just weird caricatures done by alt-right idiots
Damned straight.
Personally my number one ST love is [NAME], [NAME] is a close second tho.
Can't say that I do, no.
I know I was doing a thing.
@deadlyjokester *she let out a playful gasp and slowly wrapped her arms around his neck, kissing him back*
Death by snu snu
Oh, you thought I was referencing you ... you may well be right.
Oh! That explains why your teeth look like they’re covered by something haha
They’re my favorite. Just little chunkers that can’t fly and just wanna bang.
NEXT TIME! ON THE CURSE OF OAK ISLAND!
Yeah, but I just don't want to pay for a full blown wedding, those can get expensive.
haha they definitely test for patience... looking at you gov.uk, and the whole of hmrc if I'm honest.
Weird game lol
I like [NAME] but I'm gonna have to go with [NAME].
We will welcome you with open arms <3
I am glad your okay.
The Apocalypse has hit our gym and it's  nothing what I thought it would be...\n\nEveryone is wearing vests! What if it's contagious? #afraid #afraid
Unfortunately if they tried to parent they’d never listen or just hate them and run away. Pointless
I feel like they would look at one of the Spurs assistant coaches if they were to part ways with [NAME]. That or maybe [NAME]
Needless to say I never called him back.
Subscribed to sjwstories, thanks for informing me about that one!
The best revenge is massive success. –Frank Sinatra
What a cute little accident you turned out to be
r/UpLiftingNews Edit: I just got banned for posting this there.
Damn that is sexy
I suppose it's better than [NAME] eating while drooling.
You too! Yay to a family of choice!
Would your 20s have been better?
You may have been watching a tad too hard bro lol No judgment here
thus is beautiful
Still as confused as the rest of ya myself.
The only time petty revenge backfired lol at least from what I understood unless I missed something
Hard to expect much when he has not been involved in the offense for most of the season.
Abusive family nice. Been there.
That’s great! Love this sort of thing. Is that really a prison on the north side of vauxhall bridge? Prime real estate now!
I hope my hustle don't offend nobody
I hate that I like them...
Ive read his and [NAME] further response and feel curious on the GoFundMe creator's authenticity butnthats just me, yay for positivity
Turns out, that daddys little girl is a thot, who also takes drugs. No wonder she fled her country.
@winksahoy we about to get shit on by the wrath of winter out of nowhere
Same old b.s.
hes got a clear weakness on his forehand side though. not sure if injury related or just ... ???
I want MY window seat because I am a child!
That person my friend, you will remember till the day you die. The simple treasures.
he's a con artist. they're pretty good at making themselves sound smart and capable.
cause he likes to eat garbage.
Hey [NAME]! **TRY DRAWING TWO CARDS NOW, YOU STUPID FUCKING BASTARD!!**
This makes me happy. Happy new year everyone
@megynkelly We should be ignoring these rioters like the current administration ignores #terrorism. This will obviously make it stop. #terrorism
Ask them if they’re going to give you a “test salary” for it... if not, nope out of there.
This sub can be so ridiculously cynical. It's just a pretty picture of a sign!
dear [NAME] they're multiplying...
Well new years eve people can hit it with some luck in my area haha
Happy Anniversary!
I can't guess if you holding a grudge against the best'
@daveweigel a laurel and hearty handshake
Well, at least she broke up first. It would somehow be worse if she kept it hidden and brought him the news later
The best, besides the hundreds of other games that are better. You know, like how Mcdonald's has the best food in the world.
Well, that's mean :'(
Block her.
I'd love [NAME] to smash some faces in.
Yeah it looks like it
Can someone please explain what is happening.
I'm that forgotten tear That forgot to fall Yet lingers on my cheek Brush it away And it's still there Lick it up, And feel it burn your throat, Stripping it red raw.
The titles of her posts are somewhat dramatic and I have avoided her because of that
Chengdu required residents to fill out online forms recording household infections and symptoms, twice in total — that’s why their data closely reflects actual infections. Hasn’t Beijing ever done statistics like that?
rage.. violence... threats until I leave the house... then she bounces back... goes dancing and has sex with a stranger and tells me about it.
13 hour @bus rides make me #angry #sorry #angry #sorry
Then the argument is entirely wrong. Democratic socialist are not communists. Conservatives aren't fascists.
Bye that's it for me. I'ts all over.
The various meta-reddit subreddits really do seem to have very distorted ideas about what Reddits actually like.
You still look cranky, goodnight.
I had a panic attack when I saw that, thinking that I slept for 3 years and Hall was a Duck.
@warmneutrals 'passenger in car next to u cheerfully asks for a cigarette and then directions'
My downstairs neighbor got dragged to quarantine before test results. Complaints go nowhere — are we common folks not human?
How do you know what he can conceive of? Enough magical thinking.
More comments than upvotes lol "Most Democratic" How do you even measure that?
The smaller the place, the less they follow rules — their word is policy and law.
Thanks will check them out!
What a quote. Very perceptive.
I’m scared to fall asleep——-
It's when you rock back and forth like an autist or do other repetitive movements because it feels natural to do so.
Bishop [NAME] was talking about lawmakers rather than the women who seek abortions. Though the situation doesn't matter when it comes to dismembering a baby.
That explains why this has suddenly become an issue now. I wondered why no one cared for the other thousand months ranked wasn't available on mobile.
Having fun fighting that strawman? Let me know when you're done.
So unnecessary.
Bet you don't even get £400, you probably only started this thread for some attention
Avoiding hearty basset hound no time present-time american the brave: YDXef
Every time I see MCC news I get briefly excited for PC news. I really need to stop :(
I like Shred 415
It looks kind of like pen to me... Which would also make her skin so red.
I have little to no anxiety and it really helps me when i have to take a test.
This primary doesn’t deserve this nice birthday.
Think you need more gin with it and you will be alright next time
maybe it's all [NAME] fault
@VanDashNessa @taotao_salupa5 Nobody in that street burning and looting and terrifying innocent citizens was there, either.
lol, dude. I don't know, but thank you. they might don't care but you do care. So I'm not much more loser.
Good bye job, and ever getting on a plane for that guy
Heat back in the day. You would go in and there would be a horrible mix of Joop aftershave and Bourbon in the air.
No homo dude nohomo I I I no homo man just no homo OMEGALUL we get it
The train conductor didn't kill anyone. There's nothing that person can to but watch. So it's a lot easier to believe.
No I mean those long winded nonsensical blabbering. Like the one with 300 confirmed kills, gorilla warfare. It is usually just to troll or annoy.
I said this somewhere else.. but I swear that man in the hood is caucasian... But that was actually hilarious
Yeah it’s pretty cringe tbh, I think he’s a good guy just a little insecure
Sheed... Ik but I still envy Horry
Mountain West/Southwest so far, but it would be awesome if he did a film set in the Idaho/Oregon mountain wilderness.
This is everything! Congrats for being brave, cause I know I wouldn't be. Keep us posted on what happened
I mean it sucks but that man looks deaded
It's a combination of the two...
Bro, put water in the microwave and see what happens, we're like 70% that shit
I make lots of lists and none of them are useful. Except my playlists, I use them.
Pooi Kit was driving recklessly and almost caused a major fatal accident, I can still remember the tailgate lights of the truck passing in front of my eyes and screeching sounds of the brakes.
Oh my gosh!!!!!! 😂 you poor thing! Thanks for sharing!
[NAME] [NAME], you made me think I was going colorblind for a second! How are there more colors in your rainbow than in mine?
If you let a general tweet offend you, you definitely shouldn't be on twitter.
This 80% figure probably comes from local impressions or metro data? In Wuhan, really, truly—it’s absolutely 80%.
I do not want to dwell into an unfruitful discussion with a troll.
I do have a drain beside the water heater, thanks I'll look into getting a drain pan.
And she got all angry telling me 'but what would be doing a 40 year old guy looking for a girl like you' and I felt
Looks like a badly designed [NAME] avatar
That's not really libertarianism, is it?
So me and my mom were talking about highschool, I'm shy so she said that she thinks I'm gonna get bullied😒 #shy #me #mylife #moms #bullying #shy #me #mylife #moms #bullying
I need to know this as well, so I hope no one minds if I leave a comment here.
Fucking hell! I've been out there protesting orange people all this time. I need funding for new signs!
Integrated, Antwaarps speaking, second generation, not already wearing a scarf back then... unlikely.
My guys about to laser a 5 year old cause he didn’t give that little girl his lunchable
[NAME] so much hate.
im glad to hear that i won't just be carted off! and thanks, it's great to know that you guys have my back :)
As an autism mum, I can’t thank you enough. ❤️
This is what happens when you don’t beat up the nerd enough
she said (i swear to [NAME]) her doctors told her she wasnt bipolar and has "anxiety caused by other people"
Because our capitalist system is creating ignorant voters by design.
Actually pretty :(( as [NAME] since the Hair is one big abomination and it could have been sooooo cool.
That's a pretty bad example ngl lol
Gemma Simmons is the bright spot of the premiere so far. #AgentsofSHIELD #agentsofshield
Girls irritate me so much lol
24 years of training and perseverance, all for this special space handover — incredible! Congratulations on fulfilling the dream!
Well that was strangely majestic.
She even looks like a trigglypuff.
Those of us who once worked on individual space station modules never had time to see launches. Now with new jobs, we’re even busier—sigh.
Firstly, congrats on not being pregnant!! Now there is nothing tying you to him and you're free to find greener pastures. :)
Good for you man. Enjoy.
>!I mean he did give himself a weird new arm...!<
I appreciate this post, so it’s appropriate in my eyes 😀
Tickets to a 2008 Preliminary Final, paper print out version too, incredibly random.
I find this extremely hard to believe. Living abroad is hard, and most people can hardly fathom leaving the USA, let alone living outside it.
Should be nice to we can see full video clip how we died....
Paul forever. Paul should have won! Paul played such a better game! #BB18  #bb18
Well somebody has to balance the books... the Liberals never even try.
Be careful of ticks tho
Love me some Black and Tans, also love Snake Bites as well.
Yeah ik that should be unacceptable too lmao
Blade and Soul looks terrible, IMO. Way way way too much saturation and bloom. Great post, OP!
Honestly I’ve seen kids that age do really gross stuff
Inheriting your dad's company when he dies doesn't count you spoilt piece of shit.
I’m excited to experience Denver for the first time! All I’ve heard is how amazing it is
Don't feel bad I am sure the otters are getting taken care care of just fine.
I am honored to be your only comment
blessed day with beautiful boy
@rosieblossoms_ What a miserable piece of shit 😡
I think the Sugar Bowl is enough. You'd basically guarantee a rematch most years in some fashion with a challenge like that.
@AdamSinger bubble implies it will burst?
hahaha. ask a person u hate for coffee. as an introvert with [NAME]. this cant go wrong
I mean all of those countries were doing really well before the US stepped anywhere near them... Press X to doubt
Careful, it's hot
> Also why I watched the old guy getting stabbed with screwdrivers till he stopped moving! Dnepropetrovsk maniacs? (3 guys 1 hammer)
I’m surprised that any of this is considered that big of a deal. At least he wasn’t molesting little kids.
I love CoD4
You sound like my gf. I'm so lucky to have her in my life.
At least the bike was lighter than you ... poor cr50
Ohhh sorry. I got it now. Thanks bruv
I remember being scared shitless.
What was the name of the neurology podcast? That sounds very interesting!
My mother announced our names into the intercom; I folded my hands prayer-like: calm down, calm down, calm down.
We have to watch the kids during lunch. So I eat while yelling at the kids.
As I mentioned above I don't have the funds for that right now but as soon as I do I'll definitely be doing that
Each and every time I log on to that website to view the Lindsey Vonn pics I am #saddened by the courseness of our culture. #saddened
Only misogynistic people are offended anyway. Most men would look over a Gillette commercial about rape the same as they would overlook a tampon commercial.
Wow what a thought!  #JudgeLynnToler 'I can't have the specter of this morning's problem haunt my afternoon.' Well written! That 1 sentence #judgelynntoler
Go to class!
Omg the etsy side hustle. I have time to do that, and it fulfills me so much
This reply made me giggle. Sorry you got hit by a moron! Hope your car is repairable!
Sigh. I got a B- .. #depressing #depressing
You have to find a way to top yourself.
Glad to see that thoughtful doggo found a home here!
Dont call your self pansexual if you've never deepthroted a pan.
Sorry this is the first time I saw it, I’ll delete it.
What if you're someone, like me, who believes that man made global warming is happening and think nuclear offers the best long term solution?
Masha'Allah that he performed this, yet I disagree in it being the most beautiful.
After doing your best, just let fate decide. There are too many people and things you can’t hold onto — do your best, meet who you should, accept what you can’t change.
Uh... Where did *I* say skull. I didn't. I think you're replying to the wrong person.
Ever put your fist through your laptops screen? If so its time for a new one lmao   #hp #hp
I dont really know, I think its mostly because they just get these really high end computers and do nothing with them.
"...one last time for good measure"
A is just horrifying. If she were to die I’d want her to go painlessly
I think this is one of my favorite Aquaria looks ever!!!
I’d love it!!! Can you get it to Long Beach?
Could they not have been quarantined when diagnosed at the airport? (Genuine question, I have no idea about this shit)
Great snap. Try again in a week when the lights are on at the aus open.
Df not be afraid to take a chance on peace, to teach peace, to live peace.Peace will be the last wordvof history Pope John Paul II
It looks nineteen to me.
Yeah you better hope. I just switched to combat pro from standard and I gotta say my builds are 🗿
Yeah i also like [NAME] now but that gives me a horrible idea. What if we think the same about fortnite later
Congrats! Wait till you get your first date and you’ll feel even better.
Yeah it can feel a bit weird but I feel like Cali girls use dude for guys and girls so it's not an immediate L
It will not be my dream job, but it will be okay.
This question is kind of funny because it’s one of the main points of argument between the sides...
I hope you are getting your levels tested! You can do some damage to yourself if they're too high.
Better than I do about [NAME].
I'm sorry. Does Scholomance exist in the World of Ice and Fire?
@ChrisWarcraft The concept that a gay magazine feels like it has to cover terrible people -because they’re gay voices- seems all upside down
I mean yeah but it still sucks. Hopefully you have better luck in the future.
You look chunky
I had no idea! The art style just seemed similar to me. Looks like I’ve got a new show to watch.
I did not know until now but apparently I have the gay mole
A tree is useful today and 20 years ago, these people aren't.
I think making fun of him will just piss him off.
@ltsukis im love you, even if you bully me sadly
#Hopkinsville #Ky is #total #eclipse #capital of #world #August 2017 #dancing n #moon #dark #eclipse2017 #EclipseAcrossAmerica #Edgar #Cayce #hopkinsville #ky #total #eclipse #capital #world #august #dancing #moon #dark #eclipse2017 #eclipseacrossamerica #edgar #cayce
I know last time I did this I hurt my back a little but I never learn I'm hard headed I wanted to burn up some more calories.
@moore_oliver it's funny how they can be in such a hurry but have plenty of time to stop and threaten people
I'm yet to see the 2nd protect the rest of the constitution.
Please don't. I like the gym too be quiet
I understand this keeps many dairies afloat (source neighbourhood dairy guy, so not 100 per cent sure it’s accurate).
What was fluky about the 2012 Quakes? They won fair and square and they did it the MLS way
Missed it by 4 minutes
Good riddance. I'm surprised it lasted that long. [NAME] is trash.
I love [NAME] as a player. I still think the best is yet to come with him. Just praying he stays on the field.
The black lady was completely offended and started screaming at us.
Lol. I was fan of that show and that line prior to becoming a fan of Arsenal and recently put the 2 together.
When I think about [NAME] and [NAME] at the same time I get a fucking aneurysm from the stupidity.
No that would be yet another mistake.
I would say something like "Hey I've seen you around school... You were in(class)"
how eloquently put
Apparently government cares about the environment about as much as many of our neighbors.
Fun fact: [NAME] decided to delete an entire string of comments after mine because they made him look like more of a man-child than he already is ;)
In the cap era no goalie has played as much as [NAME] has the last 2 years on a per games basis
Thanks! I didn't understand til now
If it was communism, the poor lad would be killed
Everyone keeps giving me that advice haha. She's happily married to a really nice dude, and she is basically my sister at this point.
I’m not going to live in the middle of nowhere. I like Chicago.
Thanks! I'm now quite excited. Unless of course they all decide to skip straight from Chatswood to Gordon.
@westelm tells me my order will ship on Sept 12, arriving by Sept 19. Today is the 22. 😐 #lies  #whereismyfurniture #lies #whereismyfurniture
Please keep making them mad
Sounds like he’s just cheating on you...
That's what I would recommend too. Go for righteous deflection and second wind as your t2 and t3 for additional anti-gank potential
the libertarian to fascist pipeline is real
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE ORIGINAL
You really need to learn to read. 32 isn't too late!
What the fuck I thought it was normal to pee before taking a shower and like not pee in the shower Especially if it’s a shared shower ew
This is horrible
Have a nice day
That was my wish in writing this. We all need hope sometimes. Some enchanted evening comes for each of us in its own time I think.
It's a Moving Day! #stress #panic #hope #stress #panic #hope
Go get some sleep buddy, it'll be alright.
Damn! A 4-pack! That’s awesome.
All that interesting information and you get 3 upvotes , feels bad man
Could they have written a more uninspiring Press Release. Hopefully it is more about [NAME] than [NAME] and [NAME].
I feel the r/thathappened for more than half of the stories posted. But they're fun to read.
I have a ton of stitches in my mouth.
If you love singing, but don't have time for a weekly choir, come down to #KWOIR at @theartworksuk tomorrow! #Choir #glee #musiclondon #kwoir #choir #glee #musiclondon
You must be new! it's TASM around these parts.
That is not a law. It's a freaking poem that someone decided to write.
It also makes me cry! but because it shows how far [NAME] has fallen...
You shouldn't skip to any scene. This is a masterpiece from start to finish.
Ik man. I probably would too, even though it would probably lead to my death... best of luck to you friend. I hope you find happiness
This is yummy. I hope mods dont remove it
You sting like a bee but you're still my honey.
Feels good man
KIA is mad at a guy streaming for a charity that they don't like?
months before that, i just prayed to God that i wanted to meet someone right for me, my heart felt depressed on how no one seems to fit the `` perfect girl for me ''.
I wish an asteroid would wipe us out.
JV for AD - i know its lopsided, but we need to swallow that pill.
That's professor [NAME] to you, savage!
I believe in you. Do what is right for you. I hope you feel better soon too. ♥️🙂
whats with these boxes when i search google on chrome  #distracting #distracting
I can see the place where I grew up on here :)
Yes no one wants your little failed abortion ruining their meal
Ugh sucker punch
The Homestead Crater is fun. I also like the Crystal Hot Springs!
Try to get between us and our maple syrup and see what happens
Im about to order 1b-lsd today since thats all i can get here legaly and dont have underground conections to get real acid. I will keep that in mind :D
He's also a chaser and is convinced that shouting at someone is an escalation from a shooting spree. He is incredibly dumb.
Communism is 100x worse than muh evil nazis. Commies need the whole world to follow their ideology and even then it would not work.
You look GORGEOUS and HEALTHY.
None at all. I dont like kids and dont want them. I got a vasectomy and it's a done deal. Zero regrets
My toddler calls it gorilla cheese, and beats his chest like a gorilla when asking for it, lol
Does windows xp count as odd or even?
I understand the confusion
RemindMe! 6 years
Good, hope he actually takes that to heart!
I’m not sure bud. But they do have multiple options. So that might be one of them
Are you lost in the fury, fearing that you'll fail?
Did I present a braiwashing sect as something positive? Both are bad, but at least you can therapy your way out of emo.
Sexual frustration.
Reminds me of [NAME] in IASIP
Wow. You don't have any self control?
Life will always get better regardless of ones situation or condition or whatever, life will indeed get better. It might take a while but it will.
that' be dope! Like a bunch of arrows following him like Red Death had bats
in away that smarter than the average six year old
Yeah, I was thinking they would be super cute with black heels and a snug black crop top.
Maybe. You're running the risk of the trolley and kids being stuck on the carriage with the mum at the previous station. But hey, free groceries!
You are one weird individual.
Wow good on you! I hope to have similar progress this year. How’d you do it?
I'm not in the loop of this storyline as college has consumed whatever free time I have, so can you explain this to me please
Please explain how this is stupid
Wow. You should actually delete your account.
Hmmm, can I see that statistic claiming Rowan engineering is that high?
He didn't blow anything. She blew it with him. What a fun guy!
No sorry still looking
Thanks for giving advice to the people who need it 👌🙏
Sounds to me like you don't *really* want to take that job in Hawaii, lol.
thats really kind, thanks stranger
Wouldn’t surprise me honestly
Don’t have someone who didn’t wash their hands put in your contacts! Come on!
And isolated rooms? When I had to go in with my baby with chickenpox they put us in a room where no one else was.
Here’s hoping this ends soon lol
Careful! They're trying to steal yer Lucky Charms! 🎶🎵 *they're magically delicious!* 🎵🎶
This helped me when I was in my worst mental state. I'm glad
Six shots on goal for [NAME] and still nothing. This breaks my heart.
I would do that, but I put them all on 0 hour contracts and less than minimum wage and I don’t want to pay them.
Alexa play Sad!
Awesome, love the input! I totally get what you’re saying!
I always thought I was too empathetic but it's becoming clear that the majority of you guys are plain insensitive to an alarming degree
> It's almost like people are people I've been saying this a lot lately.
The Nexus 6 is my favourite phone even though its a few years old but no one knows Moto or Nexus phones so.....
Whatever — I believe most people agree. These riots are always stirred by a few instigators, dragging everyone else down.
[NAME] x [NAME] sounds cute for some reason.
I'll see if I can find it Found it!
I remember writing on them was horrible. Slight delay which threw me off combined with the letters ending up looking like crap. Whiteboard was so much easier.
[NAME] a fuckboy, he was never your boyfriend.
Those butt surgeries were free bc she allowed him to do them on live😂
what a crazy ride
Because you aren't serious. You're just mad because you got told to stop using slurs one too many times.
>it tasted horrible to use. Eating some of that right now. No regrets.
As the blood seems to return to my head, I can think clearly and muster the energy to keep going.
My last relationship ended pretty mutually...and I really tried to maintain the friendship.
For some reason I wanted to be a bartender when I was 8. After hearing this story, makes me feel I missed out.
This is scripted, it's actually a remake/homage of an old [NAME] and [NAME] skit from a few decades ago. I love it!
[NAME]. Your mom will never be your boys best friend. That part is so cute!
Mixed emotions. #sadness #anxietymaybe #missingfriends #growingupsucks #lostfriends #wheresthetruefriends #complications #sadness #anxietymaybe #missingfriends #growingupsucks #lostfriends #wheresthetruefriends #complications
When you feel bad, remember his comments on [NAME] throwing the shoe. He sucks.
I cried my eyes out in fifth period, much to Carnell and Natasha's displeasure.
Thank you once again! I'm officially out of question now lol Happy New Year!
I don’t. I love humanity. Why are you afraid of democracy?
I'm ugly and able to bump uglies with someone I can make laugh. Mission accomplished.
I probably wouldn't have responded out of confusion.
So you're saying there's a chance I'm a bot... I don't even know what's real anymore!
Someone did this when the roommate was breaking into her room and trying to leave dirty cat litter in it
Ahhhh the good old anecdote
[NAME].
He didn't swerve.
ninaturner: Mine too. With what is happening in country, I needed this moment of levity bernblade LisaVikingstad
Thanks [NAME]
Will try. Thank you
China has strong infrastructure and coordination — finding infection rates shouldn’t be hard. Neighborhood committees can manage epidemic control; counting infections shouldn’t be difficult.
Someone posted about this happening with their pet chicken but I forgot which subreddit
@mikebairdMP @AndrewConstance @nswtaxi how many sex cases u need before u guys learn UBER is shocking to the consumer unregulated
He... he had someone take that picture for him.
Sucking the people’s blood for “economic growth” is wrong! Create real value instead—that’s the right way!
Being too scared of calling someone isn’t a disability for fuck sakes... use some common sense and grow up.
Sorry if I annoy any of you. I'm just real passionate about Ruby and always want to give her the love she deserves 😭
Does the world really need this?
Want to relay that in a coherent message?
@The_Lucbomber @EtikaWNetwork Etika is polneraffs long lost brother confirmed
I think the real incels are the ones that were willing to buy her yoga pants, most likely her followers.
Oh. I never heard that before.
Lol you got nothing to worry bout from me bro. Thanks for keeping the game on
It's so satisfying. It's the little things that makes pubg the best!
Lmao all these othr trades happened so I think it's a silly marketing ploy.
Glad it was helpful!
I can definitely see this one
It's holiday time here in Europe. Today is my first day in work for 2 weeks.
Woman here - $50 per orgasm please! I could easily make $300 in a half hour wankfest...
Happy to hear this exciting news. Congratulations on your fun-filled morning.
Washington Post is garbage because it prints garbage. I'll go with the decision by the experts thanks.
Look we are starving but we still have some honor. We don't need any help from your people. Especially not 50 cents a day
Those little whippersnappers are always generation-gapping us 😂
Yes he is a very good pup check out his insta if u want its in the post
The beauty of the horseshoe effect.
**Me yesterday:** Wow [NAME] and [NAME] are in a good spot **Me today:** So [NAME] probably gonna win this season, huh.
Whoa, my little brother had that toy! Awesome.
*"Success is the best revenge."* Good job OP. Stay strong. You're almost there.
This case made me truly feel the evil of human nature. Doing vile deeds in the name of justice is terrifying. I can’t understand why in such a country, a citizen’s most basic human rights can’t be guaranteed.
Awesome! I just recently custom made some art for my razer panthera! It certainly is a lot of fun to do! 👍
I liked TB 18, too bad it tanked.
The thing I keep thinking is that there must be some pretty daming evidence against him to actually charge him.
See [NAME] this is the problem, I don’t know if you’re talking about cutting people in half or halving the population
We’re a bunch of northerners so that’s basically the norm.
I don’t like dogs so I don’t care.
Every day in everyway. If I am to happy with anything next thing I know I'm actively destroying it.
You're giving fascism too much credit here. They were backed by capitalists in the first place because it was profitable. It's those two together.
My eyes scanned quickly into every room, every corner as I passed by $ and more than once my fist met the peeling paint of a closed door.
You completely missed the point of the meme...
# AVE!
Though underwear would have made this less embarrassing, I wear it for a different reason.
Just got the Ultimate edition and it's already my favourite game of all time. I just wish everyone could agree [NAME] is best girl
It may get you pregnant so just make sure you eat all her birth control before hand.
Hoping this isn't too late to post.
The greatest out of context quote ever.
Someone please make a gif of [NAME] smile after that 3
Also technically wrong, it would be last year but not a year ago.
I’m fine with that. I’m happy to be banned from subs like that.
Yeah shit they are crazy
Or they will die!
Didnt work for me, but thanks 🙆
@FoxNews @SheriffClarke @FoxNewsInsider This man is an affront to our justice system.
Her daughter seems so sweet.
Well now we know how [NAME] and [NAME] lip syncs did lol. [NAME] is overthinking it, and have the second photo looks nothing like her?
I think the real reason is good press and booze
You know what? You’re below average in terms of going to cinemas
That was so fun!! 😂😂😂👌👌👌🤲🤲🙏🙏🙏🔥🔥🔥😎😎
that tease tonight lowered my hopes
What the fuck is wrong with this?!?!?!??? FUCKKKKKKKK!!!!!
He's a sexist piece of shit regardless so
I always associate it with a 1985 Ford Taurus going 100 miles per hour down the shoulder lane.
I'm sure this is only because there's less people there
Which suggests nothing in itself. The same mods you claim are abusive are probably as hyperbolic about the racism issue as you are.
Oh my gosh! That light house!! Its terrifying!!
I still love figment!
Don’t let them get you down man. Nothing wrong with a cozy night at home by yourself.
It can swim tho, right? Couldn’t it just get some speed and hop up on the ice if it fell in?
First I was like, “oh, dear” but then I was like, “oh. deer. “
He must simply be known as [NAME], all the greats are known by a single name.
love cats, dislike the regular news. you?
My head pounded and my lips were chalky; that was a good sign.
You spent thousands of pounds on them? They sound kind of dickish to be honest. Find people who obviously value you for who you are.
I'm guessing this talk will be gated behind the expo pass at GDC. Do these become (legitimately) publicly available after the event?
As a closing TM, that’s terrifying.
>concern trolling from The_Donald user with Triggered in name weak bait try again
I think our people are always fence-sitters, even relishing others’ misfortune. No matter what, he’s a Chinese athlete — the swim team can’t do without him. When he wins glory, we call him ours; when trouble comes, we kick him away. He followed the Sports Bureau’s guidance; the public should support him. In other countries, even when athletes use stimulants, people still back them. Yet ours face betrayal.
I will be surprised if this actually has an impact. Just a few statements about the importance of the commitment to defeat ISIS and the withdrawal will continue.
Glad to hear this. Thank you.
Good morning, Trondheim! #optimism #productivity ⛅️❤️🇳🇴🏢💻🖥🏋🏻💪🏼📺🍿 #optimism #productivity
Sadly, the military is archaic about non-conforming relationships. :/ I wish more of these decals existed.
Thats true. Those kinds of drinks can give you a heart attack.
My heart just melted.
In fact, Guangzhou’s epidemic prevention has always had major loopholes. For example, taking the subway or bus only requires a 48-hour test or a green code.
@salutetroye you look adorable awe
What are you rambling on about
But what about terminal pulp space infections that can lead to osteomyelitis of terminal phalanx? The reasoning I read was thrombosis of end artery.
@localblactivist I'm always a little bit weary of speaking up because 1. I don't want to hijack the convo - as an LGBT person, I've seen
Well, no- the person serving you already provided ID to get the job, so they’ve already confirmed their age
Who needs Super Bowls?
i've been to 1 and 1/3 of my classes today and i am already
Sometimes i don't even comment anymore, i think if something is actually worth my time or anyone's for that matter.
Oh now that's receipts.
Oh lol. I always just typed them out manually. :hamsad:
No room. Get lost. I cc u!
[NAME] gets a lot of unfair criticism. [NAME], too
If you want to make money, think seriously about how. If you insist on your own weird stuff, don’t blame the audience for not buying it.
Interesting point about how *guanxi* "makes corruption an intrinsic characteristic of the Chinese government."
This video was close to being the most famous video in history
Let's refuse to live in #fear - #sotoventures #fear #sotoventures
I feel so starved for good content that Ill recommend a show just for being watchable
[NAME] and [NAME] would be the prettiest duo of all time PAUSE
@bt_uk appointment booked between 1-6 today, waited in all day and nobody showed up, also requested a call back and never got one
I actually find it easier to place spawn beacons in stupid spots like this than a nice flat empty piece of ground.
Honestly if you had to live in punchbowl you’d be angry too
You poor, hideous creature.
Oh I didn’t notice the salt before. I’ll leave it out when I made it, thank you!
Damn that's a good-looking pizza
The fact half the level has no fucking music is a real pain.
YEAH, YOU MOTHERFUCKER
Honestly today I just felt like maybe track isn't for me #sad #sad
Who should read?
>[NAME] and [NAME] As alternate costumes of each other, right? Not as separate characters?
I'm trying to understand the cat shirt.
Can someone give the non-paywall link? I know there's a way but I can't remember it.
CAPTAIN!! ye-yeah? LOOK!!!
When I first saw the title I thought someone was asking for you to become pregnant with their baby
Yes, you selfish prick.
Hopefully but I don't think it's going to change anytime soon
Damn, what a savage. Spoken like a true brother. X'D
I want a Doritos crown, too!
Once I saw the LV logo I then realized I’m not rich enough to even watch that video.
Damn look at [NAME] and his insane get off. We could use an [NAME] now probably now than anyone on this roster.
I get so angry at people that don't know that you don't have a stop sign on Francis and you do at Foster #road  #road
When a grown adult doesn't drink or has never drank before I just assume they were raised around a raging alcoholic and they want no parts.
So, so many hugs and high fives! You are an awesome momma.
It’s actually a doll for comparison, not her face
There has to be some repercussions for this judge, right? Considering the crimes, that bail seems incredibly low...
made my first reddit account to downvote this. thanks?
When you start correcting spelling and grammar you lose automatically my dude. Your points stand by themselves. Being an English teacher just makes you look like a jackass
I have faith
I'm also a human being but I can't think of any reason why I would physically hurt a woman.
I did some social media snooping since I posted this. Turns out they’re both not retired at 25. Go figure.
Hope he takes a break before managing again... I love the guy but he needs to update/reevaluate some of his tactics and methods
Focus on yourself. Don't let other's love define you when you're happy and don't let it make you bitter if you get hurt.
I forgot about this nice area down here with the fiery hearths
The great nation of Texas (excluding Austin) will rise up and purge these heretics.
These people in here are joking about holding down and cutting their neighbors faces. It's pretty gross.
so cute. your art style is adorable. imagine if you made a mini-comic drawing!
I wonder the same thing. Where could I go where no one would ever find me. I usually come around to dropping myself in the millworks.
And the fact that the reason he was sitting on my
so she's no one..?
Wow OP sounds like you're really skilled at opening your legs, you're parents should be proud of you, STI and all.
This is exactly as I was suspecting. Thank you for the solid advice. I won't go ahead with the sale .
I’ve started the journal part! But I unfortunately need to wait until he gets more aggressive for them to act on it.
Would need the #1 overall in 2 years... should try to get a first in next years draft for AB and hope that team tanks #1
Serious question, why is she still employed? There are many talented women in WWE.
My stomach was hurting.
No problem at all! If you ever want to talk to some internet random again, feel free to talk to me.
My hometown in memory — I’d never return if I could help it. No wishes for progress, only that it stays last in the nation every year.
Gotcha. I'll do a little Google-fu and see what comes up. Thanks anyway!
I know. My question was if they **used** to compete in T5-TTT2.
Sad... RIP
Dawg, turn on the volume and smash that screen record button. too easy.
I’m a left-leaning libertarian, and it annoys me that the left won’t have an honest conversation on immigration and border security.
If the kids are in sports activities you can chat up the other parents.
WE AINT NO RACISTS. EVERYONE CAN BE HATED EQUALLY.
Try not to cringe challenge.
I wish it'd stop being submitted on the sub. We're out on him and it's pretty obvious.
Ironic if an alt-right nutjob finally makes the alt-right nutjob mods finally mod. Maybe even cruelty can only take so much piss in its coffee.
Can they be wrong about three things?
Going to bed early never works for me. Sleeping in is the only way I feel rested.
Take a upvote I'm glad I made your experience great
This thing happened a couple years back, still haven't gotten back into the working world. Though, I appreciate the support.
Guys his username is [NAME]. I really don’t think he’s serious.
I like surprises.
My favorite [NAME] and she was awesome as [NAME]. I also loved her playing the opposite [NAME] to [NAME] in DS9.
That's cute love it!
Oh shit, that makes a lot of sense, thanks for dumbing it down!
Oh my, it belongs to r/comedyheaven. Laughed for a good minute
Her track record is pretty shaky
Tried to take first one but says invalid. Thank you anyway.
@chrisrock brings back great memories of hilarity on #SATURDAYNIGHTLIVE #saturdaynightlive
is as good as it gets spent all morning looking for it . Thank you for your time
Now that's what I call projection!
Lets see how [NAME] goes in Round 6
I don’t understand the point you’re making sorry
Funeral for a friend is a killer band.
People are just so used to these laws never being enforced in any meaningful way in other countries.
I'm just doing what u should b doing just minding my business and grinding relentless @LITO615
Well I am the son of a parent who legally immigrated from the [RELIGION] country of Turkey so no thanks jackass.
The fact she'd want her daughter with someone as awful as [NAME] is strange. And what's wrong with [NAME] that she would stay with him ?
I'm glad you did because this was the comment where I stopped my fast scroll haha.
Sometimes when it gets super annoying I cut it off with scissors but it always turns out worse and makes all the surrounding ones irritated and sore
Me being on my dean really saving a lot of ppl, bc I don't snap nomore &amp; it take so much out of me..
Regarding Guangzhou’s outbreak, I think the control is absurd. I can’t understand this approach. Honestly, I know the government faces difficulties — lack of manpower, real constraints — but in the third year of the pandemic, how can our measures still be so incomplete and chaotic? As someone who barely leaves home except for tests, I still got infected — I’m speechless.
Good to know!
Pre-game nerves have settled in 😱 i'l be #cheering from home guys 🔴⚪️🙌🏻🏉 #AFLCatsSwans #ProudlySydney #goswans @sydneyswans @SwansSupport #cheering #aflcatsswans #proudlysydney #goswans
You clearly read about the young [NAME] footage and made his very bad fan fiction
My dog is less uglier than this.
I love how all these suspects greet [NAME] like an old friend.
And a reminder to me that I get to keep watching this sport and not start watching cricket.
Gotta cheat on taxes somehow LOL
im not talking about a studio. im talking about *people*. people that you're lying about, because you're an uninformed yet arrogant, entitled child.
I can't even right now #bb18 #rage #bb18 #rage
My kids would have never gone back to sleep. You know your kids temperaments best though
Yea I checked a few. It's supposed to be creepy I guess
Except for all those companies brushed off in the "and many more" category. Wasn't as lucrative for them.
I want to like Caesars so so much. But I can't. All those delicious flavors end up tasting like a thick red septic tank. Maybe one day...
True enough. I'd love more LGBT friendly horror.
Editing a father of the bride speech. At 3 minutes in she tells him to wrap it up. He goes on for 12 more minutes.
I can't stop laughimg at this😂 thank you though
Just got my seats a couple of days ago!
My no. 1 favorite quote on the show right here
>!I always assume that Motoyasu's team changes once every week or something.!<
First [NAME], now [NAME]. Stop the conks. Please.
So, because its crypto business, they hold 1-2 weeks. Thanks for info
Kudos to OP for not falling for the bait.
Because shes fake and selfish, I get a really fake vibe off her like shes playing a role and has no feelings
I think in 1.0 it's a lot harder to SDI out of Fox's dair, but I forget why
If Clemson wins this, they should have to face Alabama in the national championship.
He's rooting for the losing team and is pissed.
Wait, this is actually a really interesting point. That could/should play a factor if he‘s a legitimate candidate.
You realize I hate trump right? You’re super annoying I’m not dealing with this
@Piggiewhopays lmao! I can only imagine the frown across that face of yours. #Hilarity #hilarity
Very well said, thanks and couldn't agree more!
Imperial is already messy and hard to understand
@NandosSA just received order from @OrderInSA &amp; the chips are under cooked &amp; half raw!!! Usually best part of the meal #notcool #terrible #notcool #terrible
Omg this is so amazing ! Keep up the awesome work and have a fantastic New Year !
Can you please make one for ps4 with (movie) [NAME], [NAME], and Palp please?
I wish I didn't know that...😔
Yes, you just push. I've been having periods for 29 years (bloody hell) and I've never managed to get to grips with applicators.
I made it! My DH went to bed at 10:00, so I kissed my dog at midnight. Happy New Year!!
I went to your profile to see the other pics & saw your kitty. He's super cute!
I love my kids. I don't always like my kids, but I love them.
I spent all day at home, sick.
Your welcome. Feel free to share it to those who also need it. 👍
I thought Detroit or Oakland . . . and both have fantastic areas despite what pop culture might lead you to believe.
Unrelated but happy cake day!!
Although these are seemingly overpriced, yes, I adore these pieces.
It wasn't fair on the rest of the list, nothing is good as Tim Hortons.
This has #turned out #better then I expected admitting you tried to #intimidate 😂😂 #cantstoplaughing I really can't and it's in #spokeword #turned #better #intimidate #cantstoplaughing #spokeword
But it is! People totally shame you for only wanting one!
Shame. CLG [NAME] could've been a thing.
The ones who agree with her are the only ones who actually address *her* issue....which is how to deal with boundary stomping relatives.
Ugh... hate when people talk to me when I'm fishing. This would be so awful hahaha
wow thanks for the explanation. it's been like 3 hours and still looks like this
Which one?
Sounds good ya I'll have to listen to those. Thanks
Allegedly boosted. Tournament is over and it went down to 10k
And I barely said anything 😂😂
resentment is rlly my shit.
Where ever they found [NAME] and [NAME]. It's like a pool of douche bags with underlaying anger issues. Scary AF
@theGenghisJon You had to do some research to come up with new insult.  Are you allowed to read anything but brietbart?
I was told that upon waking up from a surgery, my first phrase was “don’t Terri [NAME] me” ☹️
This is horrible. I just have one question about your title. Are you implying that hate as a concept is always a bad thing?
“I am on the verge of exploding in my pants” “Hehe you’re cute :)” -her
None the less, she was breathtaking.
I'm hoping that the TTK might help. He's really bad at R6 for the most part.
this was hard to watch but i’d take it over the grungy redhead talking about her full tummy 🤮
I'm glad I decided to watch this. Intense, entertaining football with an expert demonstration of how-not-to-use-VAR thrown in for free.
That's pretty bad though would certainly explain things.
So police were banned from having holidays, not police banned everyone else from having holidays
Happy that you're happy, and good to see someone highlighting the good parts! Any particular streaming service you're looking to get? :D
Wow, that's awesome you heard that in the wild.
That’s a Prog Snob for ya.
Determined to divorce the unionist commentator from his unionism. Bizarre.
The new persona is only if you get the true ending. Not sure if the thread poster has but just in case he didn’t
#bcwinechat what's the most common method used to make BC #sparkling #wine? #bcwinechat #sparkling #wine
I feel like [NAME] would have laughed at it though. It was a one-liner. I thought it was funny.
Unfortunately not:
Am just curious to know where this pic was taken. A rare perspective
I hope you enjoy it!
See, thats the thing, Sean wasnt an alcoholic.
Hard to tell
Love me some FA cup
It was a pretty shit joke that deserves it
No stairway.. Deniieed.
They’re probably fighting, that’s why she’s *really* getting out of the house for “self care.”
Indifferent before leaving. Indifferent after. Although hasidic [NAME] are fucking mental.
Too many scammers and time wasters anyways!
Not at all. I'm not going to argue with someone who doesn't understand what a strawman is.
Drink. Watch hockey. Eat. That's what I do.
Thank you for sharing, that was some very big-brained marginalia. Now remember to wash your penis and clean your room before you play minecraft
Think he's trying to put pressure on him to accept a pay cut.
I think the saddest thing here is that he thinks "by-my-self" is how to write that.
Images you can hear, “oh my [NAME] laughter”
Fuck this guy
I hung my head in shame, feeling like the lowest of mothers.
I’m finishing that right now. Very fascinating.
You're going to have to make that simpler for my tiny brain to understand
Reading comments—if only Chinese united patriotically! Foreigners err too. Even if Sun Yang was wrong, keyboard warriors can’t erase his glory.
I'm more annoyed at the Labour MPs that didn't vote for it - I expect more from them
#Trends thread;'P)..it was in my #drafts&amp;now #posted 2 mins after my #birthday..so #close:'O!:''/...but anyway it #really was the #start of #trends #drafts #posted #birthday #close #really #start
You’re awesome! :)
I need to stop second guess myself and just go with the first thought and go with it.
...Nobody ever remembers [NAME]. If you could see those others, you certainly could see [NAME], which is the second biggest of the lot.
Nukeville sounds like a nicer neighborhood. Like no broken and burnt houses and like children playing in the street and people having barbecues
You weren’t supposed to know. You’re not psychic. He’s being unreasonable
I really hope he declares this year. Kid is a beast
Sure, there are edge cases where this is less clear, but in the vast majority of conflict, this is true.
A credit score is not important: Convince me otherwise.
@MoneyJay901 hard to tell in your pic. My mistake then. Either way, nothing I said initially was about race. U took it there. #sad #ignorant #sad #ignorant
Deadlift and 3-lift total 100% raw federation
I feel so blessed to work with the family that I nanny for ❤️ nothing but love &amp; appreciation, makes me smile.
That’s always my worst fear when the idea of leaving during January comes up. I wish you the best of luck in unthawing them!
Good ol retro windows
LOL. When she came back on after the first commercial break, there was loud beeping when she was talking.
Write...all your memories and everything remember about him. Trust me, 10, 20, 30 years from now you’ll be happy you did.
Oh, thx for clarification!
That’s amazing. You’re all amazing
Does anyone here think this will actually turn the Jet's around? I feel like this is the worst shit ever.
Haha! I realized that after your comment. Definitely not trying to walk in Loubs with a peg leg LOL
Okogie looks like a freaking beast compared to the rest, maybe not Ayton. His shoulders are bigger than his head haha.
I was hoping - thank you.
ohhh....
So I did. Good call.
Fuck the people that couldn't make rent, pay bills or medical costs because of the shutdown, right?
Maybe so , i just dont know about him, team has enough turmoil they just dont need any more distractions
Same here man, terrible feeling
I read through this whole chain and your patience is absolutely commendable. Good on you for explaining it in such a level fashion to someone so willfully ignorant,
Players need to have Agency over their characters. you did not. total crap. :(
Give me a country and I'll do some research and post what I find in the morning.
No. I want to know why the law applies differently to her and how I can use that to my advantage
Haha, that's terrifying
I think I’ll go ahead and continue criticizing silly unfounded and harmful beliefs
Her body, her space. If she was uncomfortable, then he should be respecting her.
One week sounds like a good timeframe. Good luck on your channel! I hope that expected revenue goes up for you.
What’s the point of visiting? Fake greetings, polite small talk — aren’t you tired? All that talk is useless, haha.
Green code with star still needs hotel isolation. Town group orders villages to push returns + self-paid quarantine. Starred? No entry. Isn’t this “one-size-fits-all”? 😭
No one asked for that honesty.
Is this for the capitalists or ordinary people? Using a day like May 12 to stir up controversy — how dare they.
That looks like before Fox even owned it, I was surprised to see it's almost been 30 years
Love this. "Where were we" and "what were we" before birth? It really helps to think this way
No, but it diverts resources from the art team, and prevents them from making content which would have been better recieved by the already low playerbase!
It was a state banquet brand in the ’80s — so prestigious. Why chase vulgar trends now?
It's this kind of fear that made me make this
Probably one everytime I run out of the $1 million, 97% success rate? Worth the risk
hate to say it but nobody outside of saskatchewan has heard of [NAME] either
He just wasn't registered with the state. He has a BS in EE and works as an electrical engineer. What a stupid law
White Oleander is such a great book, I haven't thought about it for years!! Adding it to my kindle to re-read.
Watching the NY Phil webcast.  Something missing.  Reminds me of a blithe Journey's End I once saw on Bway.  Might just be the Gershwin.
Way to get a hold of her 😊 #depressing #depressing
Oh boy, leprosy!
So can we all collectively accept that [NAME] has a high placement for this week? Okay thank you
_Today I felt like drawing [NAME]_
Just horrible. Doesnt solve any of his problem and removes his strongest tool.
Its the same AS to go to a bank and to say My kid loves money give him all of it
Miner rewards are being reduced from 3 to 2 ETH per block. Why would that indicate a sell off?
I've been trying to as well, but the game is so scary :/
Haven't been here a while, been watching lots of TV. Conclusion #whataloadoftat...if I wasn't depressed before afternoon TV is #grim #whataloadoftat #grim
Nobody will ever dethrone nurses and teachers, but hotel employees are quietly becoming some of the weirdest people in my Tinder matches.
That was hot!
Good news. Good for you buddy. Hope all of us get back our money soon :-)
You're not wrong. Hahaha
Drink up before it gets cold
Some bad dancing will never look like sex...
I appreciate the advice! This is something I’ve been trying to figure out, like I said.
That extra four billion going into private schools could probably build a lot of schools...maybe if we stopped pumping so much cash in to them..
I'm about to block everyone everywhere posting about the storm. I think everyone is aware of the damn rain and what not so quit. #damn  #damn
15 is too old to play playing fortnite smh
Her license hasnt been revoked though ;( If purposefully giving people the wrong medecine isnt enough of a reason then idk what.
[NAME] I hope so.
Is it cruel to give your kids medicine when they don’t know what it is and why, if they need it?
No you don't, you love lies and liars.
Guy looks like he's taking a nasty deuce.
And him to then yell back at them.
It’s harder to earn money from men than women and kids. Coconut Tree’s drink tastes great — cuter packaging would sell better.
If you hike past the 2-3 mile.mark on just about any trail you'll lose all.the Instagram hikers.
Yea but you seem to forget how bad we were last year. Worst year in the franchise history.
That’s it right there. Thanks for the simple reminder.
Happy cake day
It is genuinely hard to imagine what the Magic basketball experience will be like when these two legends are no longer in their roles.
Saving this. Happy 2019 to ya!
i mean it can if its a meritocracy and an uncorrupted government. Whereas in modern America theres a shit ton of nepotism and a corrupt state/federal government
I hate having to take my shoes off!
Thanks. Timeless and eternal right?
She mad sus hung up on me 😂
Can PG just chill
this reddit is so good man i feel at home
Perfect. Thanks!
You mean you love their meat right? You dont love chickens.
I love life, happy new year boys!
Yeah I cannot either on mobile, same with enough internet. Thoroughly disappointing.
We have that, actually.
That was quick lol. I like what I see so far too but come on
Your company sucks.
The slam final I want, [NAME] vs [NAME]. The slam final we'll get, [NAME] vs [NAME].
As far as I can tell, but her religion does seem to influence her practice
I knew a girl who was very obese and a heavy cocaine and meth user. Some people still have no problem eating on drugs
What are the sequels called? Loved Infernal Affairs
Removed due to being wtf question.
@GenevievePere23 @swifttwinner13 WOW you're calling me bully bc I correct a typo?😂 harsh
It gets better! You're not alone and any progress is good progress. Always keep fighting.
United wins the championship and then profits 20 million off this transfer? Rest of the MLS needs to take notes and catch up
@TheRandomAnt @meg_m203 yeah, they figured that ornaments are way more wanted than spektar and desolate gear. Well they thought right.
All the fans wanted Man Utd at home in the next round...\nAre you cheering for Northampton or Man Utd right now?\n#lufc
“Do you guys actually disagree with the idea of taking [NAME] constitutional rights without due process” [NAME] -signed a gun owning lefty liberal
"We must fight!....to run away.."
Ok nice opinion dude. Do you have any sources??
Congrats on becoming the owner of this cat! What a beautiful meow.
Completely lost my mind.
@EmotionalLimine you're sadly mistaken if you think I'd make a tweet for an isolated comment by a random twitter user.
And our bishops will take his side. We're surrounded.
May you stay true to yourself, live earnestly, and laugh freely.
I wish the federal government would step in to take care of people. It’s overwhelming to care for them on a city or even state level.
I understand what he was trying to say, but [NAME] it came out badly.
[NAME], I forgot about that. Eight seconds was more than long enough to murder everybody in sight.
@ColinOccupantz @JasnaBadzak @proremain and there was I thinking #UKIP were a party of angry old men - how wrong can you be! #ukip
I don’t owe you an explanation. I’m at work.
As you wish the hard path is a good one :)
I could feel it on my back; cold, wet and aged.
I’m gonna say smth that’ll blow your mind... people’s opinions... can change...
Strong willpower can conquer any peak. The only one you ever need to surpass is your next self.
I'm so sorry about your friend. What was he like?
Haha username checks out, but I thank you all xx
[NAME] being the ROY and the DSJ situation has def distracted the media on how bad [NAME] has been
I'm not a health threat. I'm vaccinated and have no children. Thanks again for your uninformed analysis.
>It's always possible they will bring back an older villain that is behind [NAME] Ah yes. I can't wait for the [NAME] 3.0/Snoke 2.0
I care too much about what others think. Constantly trying to cater to their feelings or worrying about their opinions.
The problem is complex but in the 60's til now we where facing major propaganda against marijuana and this stuck to the head of most poeple.
Three kids died that day.
Is her fake chin totally to the right of where it should be here?
"Sad" but "true" There you go I fixed it for you.
How did this get upvoted? This is patently false.
Well the last time we got a premier like this, the conservatives didn't get power again until [NAME] and only because [NAME] misstepped at the last second
Feed her poetry. But in a metaphorical way not in a weird way
Thanks for reading!
Maybe crazy dude is looking to bring water to [NAME] in the 90s-set Fresh Off the Boat. Something about [NAME] does it for me too. /s
There were dozens of us, crying, screaming, or in shock.
So more [NAME]? No thanks. Love the guys, but that’s for side projects.
I am really sorry for you, but oh my [NAME] this made me cry laughing. I hope the cat learns to like you eventually
are they clean, though? the chlorine keeps it clean, to my understanding.
I'm not sure what that is
I love democracy
Fry a egg with that bad boy. And you got yourself a nice breakfast.
I think we can all agree that this is the right answer.
Pedophilia is a gender, shitlord
As far as I know, it's still bugged, so just reroll it
That face is awesome!
You cant love this girl if she already has a GF whom she sounds like she loves. You'll just ruin a relationship
Don't worry, I'm sure you'll find a way and a time that works for you, you deserve to be yourself!
Some work had been done on the driveway.
You guys really took this loss well. I'm stunned at how not-salty you minor leaguers are taking it. Totally not full of excuses and what-ifs.
“There it is!- look for somewhere to park!” -ravers upon seeing the bridge every weekend in the 90’s RIP that bridge
I wouldn’t recommend expensive brands in this subreddit. People get irrationally angry and condescending.
Wow you just described how it feels talking to most of those T_D people
as an underweight couch potato I don’t relate to any of them.
I hate watching [NAME] play I can tell before he steps over half when he’s gunna shoot or pass. His BB IQ is atrocious
Lots of tourists like taking pictures with the locals. Don't feel so bad, OP. It's also entirely possible your father was mistaken.
If the doctor has given the ok, give some ibuprofen for teething pain FFS!
I hate beer. But I'll concede the point because others like it. ;)
For a moment there I thought I was the only one! Pretty awesome and I had no idea
Complete with “No Stairway to Heaven!” sign
My view of the human being is as a dynamic expression of the Cosmos we exist within #humanism  #humanism
Refreshmentos! What's that? It's new!
You're eating us out of house and home, garmfield.
`` I brought my hand up to my forehead and gave him a salute.
Yeah, The Donald seems to spread its purging mentality to most right leaning subreddits. Reminds me, I should get banned from r/theDonald again for quoting [NAME]
I don’t think that tells us any moralising lesson on the practice of incest.
That looks righteous!!
Well I mean Australia is a good example of this working isn’t it ?
Don’t worry; I’m sure your dad will come back from the store any day now.
>I thought we were retiring the older guys. Because the geniuses on reddit said so?
As someone else has mentioned it is not theft technically. So that will probably only cause more problems for myself.
My day gets better every time a poser is exposed, so thank you. Think of your own content and people will respect you more.
"Talk about vaccines again and your next shot will be from my gun... of crystals bathed in essential oils"
Maybe 10-12 years ago lol
You are welcome! Love to you on the journey!
This brings a smile to my face
> So having sex is a medical condition? no but std's are
Convinced me...now let's trade [NAME] for [NAME] and get back to the SuperBowl
Fly, you fool!
[NAME] playing days are over, but he can always fall back on his degree in... COMMUNICATIONS?! Oh dear Lord...
Yeah who knows how many indictments [NAME] is gonna rack up retroactively? It could be hundreds! /s
Took train home on the 15th, got off at Zhoukou — buses to counties all suspended, had to take taxi at double cost. Even with 48h test, was forced to retest in unsanitary village site, risking infection, then isolate 7 days — what a tough homecoming!
Didn't even notice until you *pointed* it out. I had a bit of a giggle.
Probably but we kind of need a lefty though to pair with caleb. Maybe [NAME] steps up again but you know we need more options.
I'm sorry for your loss. From the picture it looks like he had a great life if that helps
I've been a subscriber for six months, and I'm not sure what KIA is about, as I can't be bothered to look at the links
You do not look anywhere near 12, you look alot older than 19. To bad i only dated as young as 23 as i would date you
I agrew. I have also had these many times and they always have a lot of ice cream.
Yea just went yesterday and the woodhaven area didn’t seem too bad. Seems very country for being only 25min from downtown.
Been there a few times but not recently. I'm a builder mostly, been behind the scenes and behind a fair amount of big brands since 2008-ish
Could be depression with psychotic features. Talk to your doctor asap!
Is there a dress code for those runways? ( everyone is wearing dark colors then there is frank)
is there any specific reason it can't be kept in Perth? the donations page doesn't give away much
Good for you! I wish I had run for my life at 18, but brainwashing is real
That has gotten me killed a few times lately.
I feel for you (at a title 1 middle school in lausd) I had a tough day today and reading this made me feel a little better ✊🏼
That guy probably makes minimum wage doing delivery. And you just not only stole the pizza he delivered but his bike too. Belongs in r/imatotalpieceofshit
Good thing the booze wasn’t in the cart yet... bottles to the face!
@thatsabingo grim really
Her upper lip always looks terrible - such an easy fix, can’t believe she is so vain and never bothers to wax
peplamb: stevenfurtick #comfort all who #mourn, To console those who #mourn in #Zion, To give them #beauty for #ashes, The #oil of #joy for… #comfort #mourn #mourn #zion #beauty #ashes #oil #joy
Stop crying.
You’ve described some states in the South, like
I don't understand, was he purporting to be a priest? This list has him as a seminarian.
Nope, but I'm sure it was mostly sales, you can lose a lot of clients if they lose the salesperson they have a relationship with.
Hypocritical is pot calling the kettle genocide
I just want the 24 best players...no more weird guidelines to keep deserving guys out
J - You'll L - Never M - See it K - COMING ! - !
I've found that reading before bed helps my brain get tired without needing to exhaust myself by staying up very late.
Think I really broke young bull hurt 😂😂😭😭 u can tell by how bitter and mad he is 😊😊😩😩
What is the $250,000 figure based on?
How do you get locked up by [NAME] lol
She should be FIRED
TIL I’m the only 34 year old that listens to rap music and everyone else listens to bands I’ve never heard of
I've been married 31 years and [NAME] still waiting. Who's the beta now, [NAME]
[NAME] and [NAME] were the ones I had in mind, but I'm not surprised they're not the only ones from what I've heard.
I used to work with a guy that was always whining how tough his life was. My family this, my friends that. Very annoying
Never a dull moment when talking to Nell 😂😂😂😂😋
Thanks for recognizing me bud. And yes I will take some crap to go please
>it'll get invaded by tankie, unfortunately. How apropos.
This was potentially the most dangerous stunt I have ever seen someone do. One minor mistake and you die.
Oh my [NAME] stop
I thought that was the [NAME] special
During the complete silence that follows, my grandfather says loudly "Well, my god has spoken"
I'm in. Hopefully I don't end up on the dumpster fire that is the Oilers
Ah sorry [NAME], I was going to join. But your desperate posts scared me away!
Anything to do with Iceland and Scandinavia has to be rad!
[NAME] I want to get that ~~monkey~~blackhawk off our back so bad.
[NAME] and [NAME] were my two. [NAME] :)
History was written by the victors. Now we have history witten by the real truth agreed upon the everybody on the network
I'm always down for pimple popping pupper pictures!
I love Fate too. I hope you have a great life and that everything goes the way you want it to.
Winter isn't even that bad here.
This is what I recall... There was a sheet draped across my belly, vertically, so I couldn't see what was going on.
Excited for this project to be finished when I retire in 30 something years.
Great! I love hotsssssssssssss
oh thats rather weak then. kmt thought they would know better. its a reactable headbutt.
I would love to hear [NAME] and [NAME] in Podcast
Okay. Have a nice evening! 👍🏻
I can't imagine keeping malice with my brothers!! I shudder when I see siblings estranged and all
Assassins Creed Odyssey is awesome, as well as Shadow of War. Both great adventure games.
I look cuter in red P’s.
Good luck on the change.
Would you like a friend? I sure could use one.
Wow, the JCS twitter account made the photo of [NAME] with his TSK counterpart **their banner**.
This is the first person Australia has tried to do this to...
Not cheating and not using exploits is honorable. Other opinions are not relevant imo.
No consistency in any of our rotations and it’s january...
Anyone who can pass the test proceeds. The standard exists to protect everyone in Britain, including the failed candidate. They should be recognized for volunteering.
Finally I feel like it’s been ages. Dude needs to really beef up this offseason don’t focus on anything else.
natural selection will rape her anyway so...
I like that!
I can't believe he got it while getting man-handled by two players!!
I'm sorry for your loss
I totally thought the same thing! I was like, oh honey nooooo!
Thanks for the kindness; it’s all good enough- I’m hoping to move out later this year
and they are indeed made of gold. this seems like reasonable jewelry prices. or at least not out of left field for designer pieces.
That defending was awful from us!
That’s dope nice job
I mean, I try to just avoid grizzly bears, don't you?
I scrolled past this and thought this was a title reveal and got so excited. Good GOOD theory though!
They don’t have one, they just spam and need to be reported.
Nah we love telling people to post hog, you're just making our day better.
I believe [NAME] solved this issue back in 2004 with the racial draft
Well let’s hope so.
@kimdelacreme_ @Srgohdatzme305  I'm there... let me know #sober #sober
This is wild omg. Also, happy cake day twin!
"I shouldn't have done that, it's not the honorable way."
And then you see some idiots in the street walking with their speakers listening to reggaeton out loud (at least in Spain).
Anyone link r/causalchildabuse yet? No? Allow me. r/causalchildabuse
It’s a great site showing the growth and development of a re-bourgeoning city.
But that's "whataboutism" which means it's all fine and can be ignored. Try to keep up.
Awesome. Im pretty jelly rn, im on a t-break for a month. Hope you enjoy. Sending positive vibes brother!!
Why would you do something so controversial and yet so brave?
CHUCK THE WAGONS MAMA IM GOING WEST
3.Woke up from a horrible dream of my ex boyfriend with his new girlfriend.
Ok, for the low price of $27.97 I will help you out.
"Daddy, can you help me with my math homework?" "Not now, sweetie. Daddy's doing much more important math"
Welcome to Utah and good luck. Your wife should consider looking for jobs at Weber state. Both of you would be within a 20 min commute.
Fuck a newspaper
Like this just cuz of the [NAME] rhymes background raps...but dude your [NAME] is sick against [NAME]
Drives me crazy.
No problem, I hope that you are able to accomplish what you wish :)
Sorry your right
Good point, it’s nice and frustrating for both sides I see. Definitely worse for the lower levels. That’s too bad
Jimmy Carr makes me want to cry and cry *shiver* #awful #awful
Gotcha! I don't know why I focused only on [NAME]. That's an interesting notion which I'll ponder on for a while :P
so far better than pinkerton
Happy Birthday!
I have listened to him and that's how I know he's a terrible person and his goal is to turn impressionable people into terrible people like himself.
could you link the course?
That's pretty good all things considered, if they want to maintain that, they really need to get a patch out ASAP
Well if T_D users like Coolio, maybe they ain't so bad after all.
Learning is key while converting your leaning to someone else is door, so when you do both you will open the door of success.\n\n#x33 #smile #smile
You should be required to be 25+ if you want the government to acknowledge your marriage. So stupid.
Crap. I need more Excedrin. STAT.
You might want to look into therapy
Thanks [NAME] for holding on to our $17.5M. We will be needing that back though.
I love this subreddit
This person shouldn't be allowed to drive ever again.
I really hope no one actually thought [NAME] would be our coach for next season.
@JackHoward the Christmas episode genuinely had me in tears of laughter
Take your upvote and go away
I didn't hear anything, somebody sent me this.
I did. He wasn't. Y'all lost. Keep living in the past tho.
I didn't know that he did. Just Googled it. Dope!
I tried so hard.... I got too far....
Ayee aha, and Yeah don’t be afraid to go higher if everything was good!!! Lmk how it goes when you do!
Make sure you spring for the 'Park wherever the fuck you want' pack too.
[NAME] with the truth that reality show does not = relevance.
Some forest i geuss. And if you are like me and don't give a fuck do it in a park or on a basketball playground.
I know I don't know the Spanish alphabet but I can't believe I didn't catch that before
Doesn't affect you buddy don't stress over it.
Interesting read, thanks. Still a 40% bust rate. Sucks that someone's job is on the line with that high of a chance of failing.
The police were trying to calm him down.
I can’t wait until [NAME] turns 21 so he can get a triple double too 😂😂😂
I really don’t think that was racist honestly. He literally told you everyone matters regardless of color..?
Whhhaaa really? When was this?
they seem confident and chill
The Four Agreements is amazing and life changing. I don't keep that many books in my library, but this one has made the cut.
that's why im here in the overwatch university subreddit you fucking idiot.
Omg. This is just the best ever. 💜💜💜
The value of the knowledge from the books you could buy is priceless!
Have fun in the farmer's league.
Oh wow I forgot [NAME] and [NAME]. I have not read it.. have a link?
Do you know why their airships have sirens? Edit: It's LASD
Pets are the best ❤
Sorry you don't understand the basic thrust of socialism.
She got 3.5 million more votes than [NAME]
I honestly couldn't care less if we lose or not. I'm over the moon about [NAME] and nothing could make me unhappy
I have insomnia too thanks for the recommendation, always on the look out for helpful podcasts and meditations
Don't do [NAME] dirty like this smh
There's a certain hilarity in people angry at protests against the national anthem or the flag when these acts are covered by 1st Amendment.
Simply wearing the MAGA hat is proof he's a racist little shit-lord and "his side of the story" was clearly written by a PR firm.
You'd think people who have this high an opinion of themselves would be more open to taking advice on how to beat certain matchups. Enjoy being a scrub.
Very under rated.
At some point you just gotta say, that’s impressive. This isn’t that point.
And I would advise that everyone wait to watch @KevinCanWaitCBS ,or actually don't wait, just don't even watch it because it is #awful #awful
Omg like I get so moody when I'm hungry lol im so bipolar Yyyeeaaahhhh...
Yeh your right a bitter parra fan, have fun with norms him a bell end will get on fine
so ef whichever butt wipe pulled the fire alarm in davis bc I was sound asleep #pissed #angry #upset #tired #sad #tired #hangry ###### #pissed #angry #upset #tired #sad #tired #hangry
It is. I mean official translation is coming every 7 days, but leaks go day before (Korean)
But that situation is not really what you are talking about, is it?
Hearing your parent say they're proud of you elicits infinite waves of unconceivable glee.
I can't believe the guy is still hanging around.
Police numbers in London are at their lowest (per head of population) in twenty years. Those fucking cuts!
Which part of what I wrote sounds like a baseless claim? Could you clarify me, please?
Nice job.
How the fu*k! Who the heck! moved my fridge!... should I knock the landlord door. #angry #mad ## #angry #mad
I don't think they really learn so much as they relax and get more comfortable.
That moment when you can't even get mad when you realise it's another sad boring troll with nothing better to do than creating alt accounts .
Do the same to them with your straightness
We already had that fake news before. There's no such discussion.
"Can I speak to the Suns' manager?"
Had me worried for a bit. As a [NAME], I’ve always been impressed with [NAME] love of their country ( great anthem too).
They're all concerned about keeping the human race going. As for reproduction stopping with us, let it be.
That sounds like an appropriate response. Thank you for saving me the time.
I’ve always heard that the two people you *never* hook up with are exes and roommates. That’s the only bad sounding part of this.
[NAME]? Y’all [NAME] are weird AF (and I love it).
Is this season 7? I don't remember it.
Doing Gods work .
And NO DOGS sign. This is perfect.
The next day I got a tetanus shot.
I will dude. Have a good one
Sometimes I like to talk about my sadness.  Other times, I just want to be distracted by friends, laughter, shopping, eating...  \n\n#MHChat
It’s not clear to me that vulnerability functions as an ethical compass. Will table further replies in deference to a culture war thread.
The best part of froyo is getting to do it yourself. Robot is useless and bad at it's job.
I miss the bch/bsv war...the quality of posts were getting better....back to square 1
Which is odd, he was terrible on Sunday
Thank you destruct
Oh god no!!! I was gonna get some shipped out to save you some money. Never mind.
>provide a credible source. You first. For each claim.
I wish she wouldn’t choose [NAME] she can do better but we all know she will
Maybe try living a little longer before you talk about things you don't know about, sweaty. NEXT!
California sissified pages: ruling class separation in passage to dispirit attestative alphanumeric code: WyrdljPyu
Dude I did think about doing a fake obnoxious cough to get their attention but then that would make me actually cough lmao
[NAME] shot has been quite frankly terrible tonight, wayy too strong on most of his looks
It is a great line though!
But you get the chance to learn something everyday :)
we have a ghost who constantly knocks the ice bin off the top of the ice machine a few times a day everyday lol
Dad's Army! Lol!
Absolutely raging at the changes to CAS, what a joke
Fire the ux designers and yes also our beloved [NAME]
I actually got one of those, really fucking good tbh
Fuck that guy for game 2
I'm sure the cleaning bill he caused isn't even remotely offset by the flights he's purchased.
She's ugly so that might add some more months.
Fuck. That.
Thank you. I’ve been doing more research about today, there’s definitely a lot to consider.
There's probably a YouTube video about how to do that....
Yes, this at least makes sense.
Watch it!! It's amazing
Thanks man, I feel better now.
Sadly, yes. You'll only be able to craft weapons with fixed Attachements.
I just realized what she reminds me of with that tongue; a frog!
What rights do men have that women don't in the west? Damn.
I love the night shift environment, but hate the lifestyle. I just can't do it.
You don't know what to expect by Brendon's video lmao LA devotee video got me shook
every time it gets a little wet and windy
I can't describe how that makes my stomach feel
🎵 *The waiting is the hardest part.* 🎵
sorry. I don't want to put words in your mouth.
It's not an official licensed promotional company yet, thats why his next fight is under the mayweather promotion banner and his future fights could be as well.
It looks really pretty :D!
Unless you're the type of person who rolls through relationships every 3-6 months like clockwork
So much time saved. Not.
I look amazing
Dude, you're being gaslit right now by someone who despises [NAME]. Save your breath.
I've never gone back there.
I like how everyone is being so mysterious about the proof that has convinced them
also rough translation of the chinese: "very beautiful octopus." (probably wrong)
Says to my maw the other day, wanna day sober October way me, she says 'ave mer chance of doing movember son' #classicmoira #glasgow #sober #classicmoira #glasgow #sober
He knew what it was, he had just never eaten it somehow.
It only points out that when only men can change things concerning gender inequality there is an obvious gender inequality.
It's kind of the point. Her power creep has been one of the defining points of her character arc.
I’m proud of you. First few days are among the toughest.
Freaky, more like creepy
Jumping rubber bands, watching TV, playing computer games like PopTag, digging water chestnuts, making chestnut starch, picking mangoes, fishing — all pretty much the same fun.
To me it’s sounds like he is trying to find fault in her to make himself feel better about leaving her.
I wish I could live in y'all reality where i can grieve over people i never met. To bad i got BROTHERS dying left and right .
This looks so cute! :D Her eyes came out great and I love her expression.
**I have an amazing I-called-that sports story that defies explanation.
The irony in that last is that Republicans - more likely to watch Fox News - distrust the news media more. Yet they can't see Fox's lies!
What do the [NAME] have to do with it
Oh okay, thank you!!
Hey, remember when [NAME] said furries are all catfuckers? Glad he's changed since then.
The missing salsa is driving me nuts!
Got to be up in 4 hours to go back to work #cantsleep #excited  #cantsleep #excited
I don't understand why this is funny. All of it honestly. She os body shaming [NAME], why should we love that?
(It was a joke)
Id love 2 c Gyimah in action but his coach is holding a grudge against him!
Heaven forbid you do some actual research.
Ohh.. Thank you!
There will always be a difference between a friend and a true friend
Free with a price of $600+ if you want full standard collection or maybe $300+ if you grind with no life. What a deal!
That's incredible. There was 3000 last I checked just over 2 years ago.
Thank you. Very very much
@AnsarAAbbasi John Kerry fckd u,chief justiceofpak made the statement publicly about party supporting terror what else u need#terrorstatepak
Maybe they want to be a show couple ?
By the driver ?
Huge goal for [NAME]. Big confidence boost for the mistakes from the start of the season!
I was love bombed, then ghosted... and it broke me
I love everything I have ever made in mine, but recently it's mostly used to hard boil eggs.
not sure why your rhetorical question got downvoted.
Where are some great places to listen to blues? #nightlife #NightLifeENT #blues #jazz #gatewayarch #stlouis #washingtonave #nightlife #nightlifeent #blues #jazz #gatewayarch #stlouis #washingtonave
Really visually haunting though. For me, it makes me think of strange alternate futures and dystopian sci-fi worlds.
Pretty excited for American horror story tonight
Sorry man, you’re a great person and all. But margarine??? Downvoted*
the negative connotation of eugenics is allowing dysgenics which is a far worse fate for humanity
Didn't know the @ChickfilA cow day thing ended at 7:30 so showed up 30 min late looking like a cow with no sandwich #sadness 😅😅😅 #sadness
A the_donald poster trying to pass as a human being has to be one of the saddest things I've ever seen.
And? Did i say they didnt? Read the whole thread you bimbo
"I care about the nation and the world" and "I'd rather let trump win than vote democrat" are opposites of eachother
This is the most terrifying experience of my life.
I puked out my coke while watching that. Thanks OP😅. Have to clean my desk now...
we stan supportive parents!
That’s really cool of you to do man!
My comment provided shame. I am nothing.
No matter how much they preach, one-size-fits-all measures are everywhere. I had a green health code and never went to a risk area, yet because my phone number’s from another region, I was ordered to self-monitor at home — starting on the third day after returning! My family who drove with me can go out normally. To keep me home, they even turned my green code yellow — without checking test results or travel records. Ridiculous.
We got fucked
It surprises me that he's a mod some days...
I love how they cannibalize each other.
Maybe [NAME] would rape you too if that makes you feel better
Looks fun up there
Eh, Level 7 is pretty serious. Give me my Massif and I'll survive anything.
If its our fault for stocking it in the wrong place, its our fault - within reason of course.
It depends on if she can download discord and I was planning on emailing her when she gets it
Don't stay too long or you might go Nakamoto : P
This stressed me out
How come they couldn’t speak? They mustn’t eat or drink now—rush to hospital! Could be throat swelling or laryngospasm.
I didn’t read your article but I suppose
Wow two shitty reactions out of order, judging by the way [NAME] looks at you the sweetest.
Very sorry for your loss.
@ByeKandace can't cheer for a jigaboo
I will go back to actually read the piece in its entirely but wow. Her gray is so pretty. I’m jealous
Happy birthday to ma brother from another mother @Official1Cedi dis year More blessing #Break itz #break
@lies_about_flossing, sorry if I used the wrong pronoun.
Rojo is so bad it's hilarious.
That’s just the truth — Gao Qiqiang didn’t raise his kids well, and his subordinates ran wild. He was bound to get caught. Only issue is the ending was rushed — one or two more episodes would’ve been better.
* Favourite is [NAME] * Least is [NAME] (excluding [NAME]) * Overrated is [NAME] * Underrated is [NAME]
what did you guys expect for sunny gray
Wow those latkes look even worse than I thought they would.
This guy seems like a real genius.
This is the kind of thing that makes me want to low key record every single one of my lyft/uber rides.
You nailed the crazy eyes. She scary.
They killed [NAME] for being a [NAME] right after this. [NAME] was a notorious anti-Semite.
Your girlfriend accepts gifts in exchange for sex? I got news for you homie...
I do watch legends and lol yes we all know she existed/originated in the future. I also know that this is a different [NAME] from the [NAME].
@wenniss are you cheering for team Sweden today or team North American?
i’m happy you were able to have a child! that’s my biggest concern.
@SkyUK I was just put on hold for 20 minutes till I hung up. #not happy #terribleservice #unhappy @virginmedia I should have stayed... #not #terribleservice #unhappy
I would actually accept this being a fun thing to do if there's such a thing as glow in the dark hot glue.
Finally gamers are being recognised as a valid gender by the State.
Time for some despair #SDR3  #fuckthisanime #sdr3 #fuckthisanime
That's all [NAME] had to do with his egg, instead he decided to bathe with it to make things weird
What state and what size of city? Im curious if it's inner city of small town
If a crime is committed, you can contact the police and report it.
The sex must be great.
Not to be harsh but I feel like she has been dieting and working out for quite some time .. wouldn’t there be some change by now ?
I am starting to get very concerned with [NAME] and [NAME]
I freakin’ love doing this, too!!! Makes me happy for a second or two!
Ugh. I just hate seeing this name :(
I think that’s accurate. The probably I think means maybe will get a set
He’s a brave man.
If you wanted my honest opinion, you seem to be a shallow person. But that's just you and there's nothing wrong with that.
Go to the school administration and explain the problem with the nurse having an oil diffuser. See if they'll take action.
I appreciate [NAME] diving for that, but because he did, it lead to wide open Korver transition 3. About as automatic as it gets
This is too accurate 😂
Marcos Rojo Marcos Rojo running down the wing. Loved by the blues, feared by the reds
Excellent summary.
$20 paywall out $20 'starter pack' in — this would be great
We express our deep concern about the suspension of   @MohammedSomaa01  please reactivate it. he never violated T.roles @Support
@ashleynwinters I don't like the statement but I love the optimism
You think only a -couple- people use fgt hatefully?
I wanna go to blithe and read w the goats :((
sparkling or still? #terribledebatequestions #terribledebatequestions
You made yourself useless playing their game instead of forcing them to play to your strengths
I was hoping that wouldn't be the case, that really sucks man. Hope you find something that ignites your passion again!
Well, I was being nice and throwing our trash away at Sonic... he started to back up, so I slammed my hands on the front of the car, so he started to pull forward... I laughed, finding it funny, and then I slowly realized that the car was against my shins and my feet were under the bumper of the car.......
@curlygirlmimi guess is cause you small and girly. I dunno how this works.. I did frighten though.. She's. A big'un
Brew bus in the Tampa area?
>I have, on multiple occasions, enjoyed sipping on my flask of scotch at Bowness
I can name a favorite verse in the bible, it’s that one yknow, the one with [NAME] and [NAME]!
> make sure you register the claim against them and hit their credit score how does one do this?
I am their fury. I am their patience. I am a conversation. 💙❤️✨
Sir, this would not be worth watching if he left out the best part.
Thatmoment you're watching #worstcelebritycooks and your bubble is burst by finding out KyleXY is gay and married😭 #nochance #KindaDontMind😉 #worstcelebritycooks #nochance #kindadontmind
I didnt say otherwise, I just think that it shouldn't happen at all. It just shows how outdated and incompetent the league is.
I hope he loses just the end so it looks like a trimmed cigar
My crush. 10/10 would love a morning hunt with her.
Jolex because [NAME] grated on my nerves so bad
In the first game, definitely, but they're more even in 2/3.
I like it when a girl's nails are done. Nothing over the top long but I love french tips. Plus they're great for back scratches.
It's a miracle! This is how religions start.
So frustrating! The nun touched the monkey because they’re close — strangers can’t just pet it! Monkeys can hurt; if you’re bitten it’s your fault, and the nun got injured shielding you.
Sorry on mobile and limited data, decided to cut to the chase
Cognitive Dissonance. Big problem in our society.
Ask for my #snapchat #pussy #cock #horny #cum #wet #tits #follow  #snapchat #pussy #cock #horny #cum #wet #tits #follow
school is not that bad
DEAD DUCK INSIDE DO NOT EAT. Well, I’m not sure what I expected.
This game is pretty drunk.
You can thank [NAME] for that. He wouldn't commit to taking [NAME]. He wanted to play for [NAME]. He shunned uncertainty, not the Jets.
So you're unhappy?
Highkey tho! He got ass! 🍑
Oh, I see… how about a special side story? One or two extra episodes would be great!
Probably more like she identified [NAME]. You have no proof she saw [NAME] so stop being fake and acting like you know what she saw.
Thank you for helping me realize that p&r bloopers is exactly what i need right now
Honestly thought it was a peeled banana...
I’m just gonna see how tomorrow goes tbh. I’ll take life one day at a time :) thank you for the help ❤️
Thats about how 10% of the US population are lol
Cheers, brother. What are you doing to meet women?
i love these wholesome stories when they appear in this sub. nice one, OP!
With the Mets, I expect the worst 24/7/365.
come on, Redwings won, Knights need to win. give me another 2-fer, baby!
I wish that were a thing 🙄
We went on rehearsing.
Because it’s possible. My partners mother had it and she passed very young as a result.
Love it. More power to you!
Get out of here with this, dude.
It was never necessary. None the year before last, a few last year, now daily tests. What’s the point? If SARS back then required daily tests, it might still not be over — all for profit. So I support those who fight for freedom.
These memes are either on a 9gag level or r/funny levels of comedy. And I can't tell which is worse.
The space between the M and the E always looks a tad too long with these cheaper jerseys.
I have a good feeling about the ability to be a left handed gunslinger.. please Rockstar :(
Really because it looks like the judge is allowing the case to proceed. Must mean there's some merit to the claims.
oh [NAME] I unleashed the beast
There is little attempt being made to protect native-born people from the negative effects of mass migration. If you think that is morally correct you are insane.
correct. i am the one who decides if something is funny to me or not.
My crazy idea ... join the PAC-12 in a combined bid with Boise State football. You all would dominate.
yes how does it feel being one of them
I trust my girlfriend enough where I know she won't do anything of the sort
"And, over here Sir we have the automatic folding model. It is quite remarkable."
These people have absolutely no confidence in their ability to make a living. It’s pathetic.
ok i noticed the eyelashes but the rest is really unnoticable
The fun part is that she can be a bigot and he can also be a bigot.
Wanted to see if someone *wood* eat it or not.
I’m anything but little you little puppy kicker
i love them both but I still think you have to be a stupid cunt to think they live happily everafter together in the end.
Huge congrats to my friends at @VoidMovie on the #USAPREMIERE tomorrow! #film  #thevoid #featurefilm #scaryshit #usapremiere #film #thevoid #featurefilm #scaryshit
The housemate is a genius!
When you're scared to press send #bgoodthepoet #PrayForMe #ThisIsAGodDream #career #help  #heart #HeartRacing #bgoodthepoet #prayforme #thisisagoddream #career #help #heart #heartracing
I used the term very loosely!
Have nobody thought of the giant tech corporation selling overpriced, inferior products to sheep customers? That's odd.
Battle of Boulogne (1940)
I love [NAME] as well! He seems like a genuinely nice celebrity
I sent this to my two friends and one said “haha.” And the other left me on seen : )
Many people from 2004 played Fortnite too. You know, because it's a good game and not everyone likes to hate on things arbitrarily.
No kids? Who cares. Go your separate ways.
@shae_caitlin ur road rage gives me anxiety.
I saw this entire movie on YouTube and loved it! But it doesn’t seem to be on YouTube anymore :/
They do sound kinda not worth it then. At least large ones don't sound worth it. You have my sympathy.
Problem is fornite kids are playing fortnite.
Ok so the scape goat is gone. No more excuses now [NAME].
I sulk too much for my own good.
Not pay for the child he helped create? Wow... great advice.
It’s almost def happening and there nothing you can do about it lol
i tried to get out of bed and as i did, i immediately fell on the floor, unable to get my legs underneath me.
🤷🏻‍♀️ As a wise man once said: he was a bastard in life thus a bastard in death
[NAME] is the gift we all deserve
It’s not three days. ITS A WHOLE WEEK!!!!! /s
Oh yeah! He was great for us. 0.69 ERA in 24 G with 10.7 K/9. I forgot about him.
I will absolutely tell him this. Thank you. Congrats for making it out of the fog yourself.
To much of a good thing is a bad thing
What a horrible way to find out, though. My sympathies to the dead man.
CAN IT JUST BE OPENING DAY? I’m so sick of speculation. Let’s quit the foreplay and just fuck already.
So my leg is shaking at a million miles an hour and I turn into the target parking lot as she sort of continues to follow me.
Looks like you just finished eating a shit covered ass.
Wow. Imagine being this stupid. Life must be so hard for you.
If they hadn’t played the Vikings in SBIII it’s a guarantee they would’ve lost
The sea was angry that day my friends...
If I have to hear one more time how I am intimidate men... I'm going to explode! Why are guys these days so pussified?
Thats insane. Someone died like 2 years ago after a bolt got kicked up by a truck and went through his windshield and hit him on 146 in LaPorte
I’m so happy [NAME] gets to make more money
Just stop.
i know :/ almost perfect but i’ll get there eventually!
I reccomend the lego movie!
This guy sports entertains.
ITT: Giant Douche or Turd Sandwich? Whichever can beat [NAME]...
It’s common in business but it’s nice to see an organization have respect like that (unlike the Stars owner).
Amusing considering she isn’t a mom.
Are those the numbers from last season? [NAME] is a significantly better player this year than he was last year
^(That was a joke man.)
You again? I already told you this isn't the right place for this.
Okay, carry on then. Just thought I’d make sure you recognized that there was a difference.
Underaged drinking in Wisconsin... get out no way!!!
I wish that show would come back
Please pass this. We will finally get the same thing we have in California before scotus.
Not at all. It's great of course for financial reasons, but it then makes me worried about how much time she'll have for a relationship.
[NAME] in AHS Roanoke takes that spot for me. [NAME] was painful to listen to
They might still be a minority but you can't argue with the fact that they have been on the rise,
MDMA makes me happily social. I wish the researchers would get on that one.
Liu Xin never started fundraising — it was netizens. Stop assuming she’s like Jiang Qiulian with endless donations.
Anyone who downvoted this comment doesn’t understand the necessity of government.
It's the giant robot penis. Texas favorite.
>The fact that you're unable to move past female firefighters See? I *WAS RIGHT.* You tuned out.
Sometimes I think the British political landscape is desolate and then I look over at the foaming wasteland of the US and think we're OK
Very well said.
Lmao, they are gonna have field day
As a local official, one must consider all aspects of public safety. Though his wording may be improper, any reasonable person should understand what “malicious return” means — it refers to people from high-risk areas who deliberately hide their travel history or forge health codes, disregarding the safety of themselves and others.
Fool me once, shame on you...
Oh nice I have that one
I'm excited, we're supposed to be getting ours this year. Finally.
i personally don't think that is true, but thanks for sharing your view on this.
Oh god, [NAME] is terrible. My kid loves it though, and Dr [NAME]
DeepRekt Chain! Oh man, the rekt on that chart is something to behold.
[NAME] also slept with his dads mistress, [NAME] is weird
I'm still not not going if I've got somewhere else to not go.
I think this title is biased. It groups all media improperly.
[NAME] does seem a little high strung. Did you see him on [NAME] podcast? WOW. Still, cool dude.
It just so happened that PD, sick kids , and family emergencies all happened to overlap between all my coworkers leaving me all alone.
> I really hope QCX addresses that last point. Who knows [NAME] could've fled with the money or something. What the hell dude. lol
Oh hell no. Shes blind!!! No way in HELL is she ever being left alone with it.
>+. I’m in my early 3 Exactly This. It's the worst.
&amp; as much as I hate for a dude to cheat, women forego pleasing their man, they get lazy &amp; men get lazy &amp; then it's just pointless
U know u have too much on ur mind when u find yourself cleaning a stove and kitchen by yourself  at almost 3am...  #pensive #pensive
How can they expect you to write if you can't read? /s
That took a turn.
You’re partly right—people now are sensitive. If you’re doing well, I won’t cling; if not, I won’t burden myself. Childhood bonds are hard to change, but fewer grow up together now.
Oh, prodigy might be a bit immature for that group.
If you've got a problem with [NAME], then you've got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate
Thank you! I’ll look for his art. Btw I have no idea what Faces of Death or Traces of Death is
Does anyone know if Thai courts tend to let off whitey?
My 2 year old loves Word Party. Story Bots is another good Netflix option.
Bored rn leave Kik/Snapchat #kik #kikme #kikmessage #boredaf #bored #snapchatme #snapchat #snap #country #countrygirl #kik #kikme #kikmessage #boredaf #bored #snapchatme #snapchat #snap #country #countrygirl
Interview preparation, I hate talking about myself, one dull subject matter! #yawnoff #yawnoff
What is that
As a risk analyst, that's a terrible idea, Risk is too high and the benefit to cost ratio is not worth it
@loismackey_ @Dory nah way that's horrible
Could be worse. At least he's not the guy who wrote the Witcher books LOL.
I wishhhh. She’s honestly what started getting me the fuck away from centrism
Its ok we all know you suck scrub.
u have to be 15-17 yo and do fast af 90s and edits. Also you need to grind the edit course 24/7
> we get a minimum of $11 Wow that's pretty generous, no wonder people don't need to tip.
I've been really into reading nonfiction lately and ancient religious history sounds fascinating! Do you have any books you recommend?
Sorry to burst your bubble, but winners write history and since leave won ... */dodges incoming tomato*
That's really interesting! I've seen that happen before too
Please explain “Hoover/ed”. Not familiar with the term. Thank you-
I just can't get behind genocide. I hope you heal.
Is it weird that my first thought was "at least it's not a Minion?"
*Bride walks by* B: "You ruined my wedding [NAME], great to see you!"
It's pretty stupid. Yes
Could this be more .jpeged
Dylon felt dejected. He has a dejected aunt!
Alright well nice discussion for sure. Think this just gave me an idea for r/changemyview so thanks for that.
Well you're laid up so you can do some hardcore researching.
You can’t
ya shes stressed out alot. oh ok. thanks for the advice.
How is this any different from women who claim that all men are awful people? I'm sure you dislike it when women do that.
i am not a lesbonim so no (that's another friends reference btw)
Are you saying he screwed it up?
Just wait until we sign [NAME] this off-season! Best front in the league.
@airtelindia have some issues with my broadband bill ,I am charged for the month before I signed up with airtel..
Dude you don't know what I wanted. [NAME] was very clearly a generational talent.
So glad I discovered that subreddit a couple months ago. So good...
It might be close-contact quarantine — some “fangcang” facilities are for isolation too. Ask your mom to confirm.
Ah, see that makes ALOT more sense to me, and how I believed prayer works. Thanks for that
Ohhh. [NAME] is my absolute favorite person ever. She just gets better as the season goes on. Enjoy!
There's a guy that died after he let a horse do that. He'd probably have survived if he sought medical attention sooner.
Calm down.
I use to get this but now I just get ghosted.
Don’t spend time with someone who isn’t going to respect you as a person.
bathe in a pool of #stars and #sun.  Wash away assumptions and rejoin the #joyful noise of @bliss and #love.  #LoveOverHate #ResistInBeauty #stars #sun #joyful #love #loveoverhate #resistinbeauty
It’s my favorite part of the whole week
The greatest happiness is seeing someone you like stay happy - Daidouji Tomoyo [Cardcaptor Sakura ]
Maybe? But his foot goes waaaay up lol. Maybe I'm just blowing smoke, idk much about good QB form
Enthusiastic and filled with hope I entered the voting booth that was so small I had to duck to get in, and hit my head.
@Steeeevie_ breezy luvvvv
[NAME] has had a great game so far. Really promising.
*Sigh* #depression #saddness #afterellen #shitsucks #depression #saddness #afterellen #shitsucks
Even that game winning kick was close. Our kickers are cursed.
Oh nice. What lvl on Siege?
The obsession with a plot.
I don’t know what this means but it feels significant somehow...
Antigens aren’t reliable, but if PCR is negative, that’s a big issue. Keep the evidence, protect yourself. As a fellow Guangzhou citizen, I’ll wait for the outcome.
Only reason I looked is because some user said "dreads are cool".
jasperino - buoyant - Session.Six
I'm glad you liked it :D
F for our fallen comrade
Happy cake day to him
I’m doing married. Sorry.
Let’s just start with the reason of why you left [RELIGION].
It was a very faithful remake, though. They just crashed the plane without planning out what to do next.
Personally I think anyone false claiming Jailor and continously claiming it every night while not being mafia deserve idk like a week griefing ban or something.
Lol really?
Not even surprised by rudi, the man has been a beast since we got him.
My hero!
Openly raising illegal funds on a mainstream platform like Weibo — and no one cares? Is the law just decoration?
Why is he wearing his little sisters jeans? Bc she stole his juice. That's why
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @swagrman_fan #lively #musically #lively #musically
Dont break NC. Bring doggo inside and warn the grandparents. Unless theres a good doggo beach/park nearby then maybe go out instead
you are lucky to have him....lord knows i wish i could have a so, but its natural to want friends too.....dont feel bad
@samsteinhp stop the presses, @realDonaldTrump said/proposed something racist. #shocking #shocking
The fact that it has so many up votes is baffling to me. Why would anyone care?
They demand hotel stays, free supplies, and curse the gov over paying ¥25 for a big bag — even causing trouble at a kindergarten. I’m speechless.
They might not be intending to use the main actors.
And if that's the case then there is no helping him. It sucks that those people can't be helped
you don’t appreciate the good times till you go through the bad.. things will get better OP, stay strong
I finally left the dark room I've been crying in &amp; instead of getting some sun on my translucent skin, I got 6000 mosquito bites. #blessed #blessed
Maybe its how he actually types ¯_(ツ)_/¯
Yeah I wish they hadn't opened the entire game with the ol' [NAME].
Policing is inherently coercive. Anyone who opposes coercive authority must by definition oppose policing.
I am an atheist and the idea of a god makes me disgusted and angry so I prefer not to be religious
Bout ta get my @dontbreathe on up in here! @WarrenTheaters  #icantholdmybreaththatlong #icantholdmybreaththatlong
He's telling a little kid a joke.
I've played around pretty extensively with this mod in [NAME] mode with friends. I'd recommend it.
Riot keeping nailing it in the cinematic and music department. That was so fun to watch, especially how amazing [NAME] and [NAME] part was.
Love this man, take my updoot.
Well that has cleared up, but the damage is done and there is zero trust now, so it'll never end.
Etiquette Try to keep a positive attitude.
At a groovy restaurant. Got a cheeseburger and fries. I don't discriminate. Rating; 5/7 #yummy #delicious #politicallycorrect #yummy #delicious #politicallycorrect
Nae wonder they're skint if the pitch is made of Asda bags, 5p a pop isn't to be sniffed at. Adds up that.
And that he’s not white
Because paychecks are more important than lives...
Missed that, wishful thinking, I was hoping they would team up for a little
Any that lands for us tbh lol
The true way to render ourselves #happy is to love our work and find in it our pleasure. Francoise de Motteville #happy
Incredibly frustrating.
The montage of a man's career, there's so much said in these photos it is incredible.
Yeah, I’m at the dh store. so it’s far but not that far. People really are horrible.
She reminds me of my crazy sister. Just a ball of nervousness and constantly just on the verge of crying.
I still want to know what happened with his ex. One minute they were talking babies and the next, [NAME] was engaged to [NAME]...?
Except they fucking awarded it a prize first. It went through vetting, beat the other applicants, won, then was removed as not being correct?
ya lol i’m not here to depress myself more than i already am
This made me snort while laughing. Well done!
The pistons are aggressively mediocre which sucks. [NAME] has been awesome but the rest of the team is horrid
It's nice, but there isn't much there :p
The denials is crazy in here
It's so goddamn funny.
That's the spirit
Glad she reads the comments of every [NAME] Facebook post ever
Nice, i have the crown help me and the 309. Can you compare it to those?
Firm goals are a vital source of strength and a key to success. Without them, even genius wanders lost in contradiction.
@JustinTrudeau opened doors to terrorism and he will pay for it. @CP24 @globalnewsto
I think I got gout from watching this.
It’ll last until we win our 4th straight NBA Finals game
People will come for your body, stop putting that out there and you will see if they’re friends or not. See who stays for your personality
Whatever the customer doesn't finish, they save and put it back out and serve it to another customer. Confirmed by former staff.
@crystaldiamondo impossible to say. We can only hope that I don’t unwittingly trigger her ferocious side again. Hell hath no fury..
I only use mint and fruit medley...yes I actually like fruit 😂
Watching the changing of seasons with you, falling into the hidden starlight scattered across heaven and earth. Watching sunrises and sunsets with you, amid the drifting days filled with worldly changes. Among the vast stars, you are my final destination. I like you more than yesterday, though slightly less than tomorrow.
Was that really the best option in KC? Those games looked super empty even with 20k in that stadium.
No way. [NAME] was annoying. Arizona left a huge gap in the cast, she was great
Why are people even debating on race inequality within our justice system like it's non existent? They're just trying to aggravate us.
Welcome home!
Yeah, even though I give it to him that it was confusing that they designed Crysis 1 for PCs that wouldn't come out for like 5 years.
When [NAME] dated the nurse just for drama with the STI....
Can’t tell if that’s weird or like nice of you?
Don’t really hear him except for the offseason and his accent isnt really overpowering and annoying.
Mind if I tag along?' She asked cheerfully, sweeping a lock of hair behind her ear. 'I want to see if you've really got • @DitheringWizard
This is the sort of chucklefuck who finds himself saying "and there was nothing I could do" after a mishap... often.
She wasn’t seeking asylum in Thailand though, she was just trying to pass through to Australia, where she already had a visa iirc.
there are magpies gathering around me help I'm going to be swooped ! #terrorism #terrorism
What was that, I couldn't hear you over my easy to clean cookware!
Why would you mention [NAME]? Lol
She later drunkenly slipped on her puddle, fell onto the tracks, and was run over. RIP
No, that's Generation Z. Instagram is their fault.
[NAME] line of drool made me very happy I waited to watch this til I was eating dinner i love the power hour so much
I'm not saying your analysis is wrong or not based on evidence, just that the data it generates is not useful.
Happy holidays used to refer to both Christmas and new years.
Well potentialy he lived in the same area and recognized him as the same guy he always sees in uniform.
Great game. Love winning in NOLA.
@RobdotThom @sulphurhoops in fact they need to start making all holidays! Maybe even e dry month pick a theme so we can have them all year
This is horrific
I’m just afraid of the reaction. But I know you’re right.
Yes it’s like passing around the donation plate in church.
Got it, looks like they're in my vicinity. Will keep this on hand- much appreciated.
Wow, I remember having this kind of meal a lot as a kid.
I'm excited!
we def don’t deserve dog s
There called intrusive thoughts I get them as well it's best just to ignore them.
I think it's racist to call yourself or anyone European. If you're born on Earth, you're an [NAME], separating yourself is Racist.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @haythatjamile8 #lively #musically #lively #musically
Anywhere skytrain wants to expand my tax paying dollars will be ok with it.
Yeah i know, i'm just stating why it slipped my mind, i'm glad you brought it up.
I did not know Donuts could be so complicated.
I never pre-order anything and I am never disappointed with that decision
Oh cool another manufactured awful [NAME] pushing untalented rapper. It’s getting more obvious as time goes by
i love this subreddit
[NAME] I didn't know this reddit, the comments are wonderful.
The classic I can't stand up straight because I can't even breath laugh
Fuck so obvious
Throwing the book to see what sticks you think?
cultural norms is an interesting way of classifying the sort of people I see doing ~100% of littering in NYC.
You and everybody else is free to contribute though. Unlike r/bitcoin where all of us once came from.
Man, and I thought the princess and the toad was an odd story
Lol. That's exactly what I said. Yep. That's it.
What's there to dislike?
Have you heard of the [NAME].
The park is a small field, the only way out is at one end with a small fence with a gate, otherwise it's closed off.
I see you're a new fan, enjoy your stay!
I'm more surprised the dash cam was functioning properly. Usually around these incidents 3 of them were not recording and one had the lens cap on...
You too! (FYI I accidentally initially replied in a new comment, in case you didn’t see my other reply)
@thomeagle Just to help maintain and boost our status as a world class centre for education, culture and tolerance. #outrage #outrage
I want to date that guy (platonic date). He’s big and could give great hugs.
What a load of crap !!
Shouldn't have insulted chungus like that, if I see you in the fog you gon get facecamped
It is though, you just want that to be false.
Nah, I think that was a bass lick
Beyond nightmare!!
looked at me like i had flesh eating bacteria or a still-birthed twin growing from the left side of my head.
Tonight my top delight was a Skein of Geese flying about 1 foot above me as I swam in #Windermere. Breeze dropped &amp; it became like glass. #windermere
The lil dance he does after is amazing too
This could be x-posted to /r/religiousfruitcake
I still can't believe those guys got nominated.
Always be full of joy in the Lord, I say it again- rejoice. Philippians 4:4
but it's [NAME] saying it so sorta disappointing
Yeah I probably would've started crying on the spot. Loud, sudden and especially shrill noises are extremely *"cringey"* and uncomfortable and stressful
I like both.
I hope you can get some relief soon, I can’t imagine how awful that must feel
and again dirty and  self loathing attitude  mope talking
They have to know how bad people hated it since youtube reset the dislikes on it, from what I understand, more than once.
I thought it was known they bought those 2 seats. It was a big deal for solar at the time.
These were one of the worst commentators I have ever been forced to listen to. The jokes were so cringe-worthy.
Ask and you shall receive. Thanks man
@cotsonika @NHL well, they should all be unhappy for the way they played.  Right @fmjacob ??
That's until a golden retriever runs for office. Humans can't be trusted
I just had a panic attack!
I think it’s not so much that we have low empathy it’s that we hide our empathy as a defense.
Thank you. You too.
A sorry lot
I spent a week in Ottawa one night. Amazing architecture but awful, filthy, drug infested city. Terrible ppl and a dirty trash hole.
Only halfway through #madeforlove by @AlissaNutting. But it's utterly #brilliant. #Reading it has me laughing out loud. #madeforlove #brilliant #reading
Yeah, neither of them are communists. [NAME] is a left-leaning [NAME] and [NAME] is a [NAME]
No one was there.
Good ol best available dasher
Purple are lowkey great value properties.
That actually sounds like it would help, I’m glad it worked for you and I hope you eye is ok now 👁💪🏻
@CrayonToCrayon @SueScoby \nIt's always fun to anger 'All the Old Dudes.' with Rock N' Roll :))
>snopes >Wikipedia >Wikipedia K
As much as I like [NAME] and want him to score so many (hes a speedy mofo) I think that this would be a good trade for sure
Yeah I’m working with my therapist to help me identify certain behaviors early and pay attention to the red flags.
I'm trying to get you laid. Maybe then you'd stop acting like the giant douchebag you are.
I want to pluck the stars for you — but they’re already shining in your eyes. Him.
Because in a world of fake people you need strangers being mean to get an honest opinion.
Mmm I dunno about that 😊 but thank you
What? I’m regular lurker here that just deiced to comment.
That actually looks so fire
@caIrissian take deep breaths bc the shaking could be from adrenaline. Oh wow that's weird. Depending if you're regular or not that varies-
@JackRuff4 They have this horrible pudding here. Butterscotch pudding on Mondays, it's dreadful. #Fringe #fringe
Reading this made me clutch my nipples in pain
But I was so intrigued by your style, boy.Always been a sucker for a wild boy #alarm -@AnneMarieIAm #alarm
Honestly I agree. We should shun vegetarians regardless of the [NAME] thing. /s
good luck buddy
Nothing. I am much happier off all meds. Been off of meds for 2 years.
Well, you're shit outta luck then. All you can do is bear them feels.
Looks gorgeous on u 😍😍
Thats weak as fuck.
Making you sign a refusal of service waiver is scared of liability. Charging you for it is shady.
Wow. Of COURSE this happened
You can't be worse than [NAME], your hired!
Still hesitant about 3D — I’m nearsighted, need theater glasses, and except the animals, trailers didn’t impress me.
You're not wrong, [NAME], you're just an asshole.
@SouthernRailUK delays from Streatham Cmn to Clap Junc &amp; now train took 20 mins for 9 mins journey. Missed 2 trains to Reading #fuming #fuming
lmao so many dumb fouls from lsu
I did Google it, you self-righteous colossal turd, and turned up nothing. So forgive me if I don't trust your hearsay.
Online opinions change on a whim. I just hope people can think critically — most of it doesn’t matter to us anyway.
So. Fucking. Tone. Deaf.
That would be okay, I guess.
[NAME] had a great idea about this problem actually
@yoshi_lucky Good morning.Let's start with a smile!\nLet's enjoy life in a cheerful way!\nDon't worry be happy!
This just made my day! Thanks for the laugh!!
Is this strictly Denver, or for the metro area?
Doesn't matter how late the apology! She apologised and kindness is all the world needs :)
doese reading help depression or is it another form of escapism
I don't find it awkward, it's relaxing and I want to enjoy having some else wash and cut my hair.
oops, my bad.
Focus on yourself by focusing on your prayers and reminding [NAME]
@SarahMi40605180 @kaileighhxo sorry to burst the bubble but there was never any illusion 🙈😂😂
Bestest boi.
Better scoop it up quick. Lots of hunters out there lol
Is this illegal somewhere specific?
Comrades, hold on! I believe by next winter everything will be fine — we’ll return to the old days, making big money and traveling freely.
[NAME] doesn’t use reddit, but I’ll bring it up with her. She might find some good support there. Cheers!
You're a great dad.
Savannahs? Like 30 lb dogs in a cat skin and they look amazing to boot.
Today was a big-A straw that broke my back.
Your mom did you a favor; now there is one less of “us kids” that will be buying mom a house and taking care of her.
The only flicks I remember off my head were the bad ones, But I'm sure there were classics mixed in there, too.
Literally all of them have said and done MUCH worse than anything [NAME] has.
Oh, but amazingly it seemed to work out in the end because oil eating bacteria evolved in the Gulf of Mexico
again I have a problem with the muscles in the back of my head behind my right ear.
As much as I like [NAME], losing [NAME] still has to hurt. He’s just so damn lovable
Or if she even has any...
Shit yeah. Awesome fatality!!!
T minus 10 hours till I meet with a designer who wants me to model his new fashion line 😬😶 !!!
The absolute subhuman filth that worships [NAME] will believe that this isn't even a photoshop
ah ok, thanks
I know a guy who is 25 (same age as me) and has FOUR. I would hate my life so much.
OMG thank you. Just thank you all
Wow thanks I never knew! I might try to take a tour!
That’s horrible. You definitely didn’t deserve it. I’m glad to hear you’re doing OK now.
I thought he was a candidate as a [NAME] when [NAME] left. What happened to that.
[NAME] gets eliminated the 3rd time she's in the bottom so this is wrong and [NAME] would have the best track record if this is true
Oh what a feeling, [NAME]!
[NAME], stop being [NAME].
All fair enough, but you should start just cleaning your dishes straight after you use them. You'll be much happier.
Narcissistic people sometimes convince family members of that. It's a form of controlling people who would otherwise leave.
To see how much he really cares, what he will do, it usually backfires on me though :(
#ThingsIveLearned The wise #shepherd never trusts his flock to a #smiling wolf. #TeamFollowBack #fact #wisewords #thingsivelearned #shepherd #smiling #teamfollowback #fact #wisewords
Are you being stupid again?
No that's stupid
So we are really going to miss the playoffs in the same season as the 10 game win streak... THEY ARE WHO WE THOUGHT THEY WERE !
Grammar jokes be* my favourite
Wasn't the Oroville Dam collapse triggered (at least partially) by an overflow?
It's normal, don't worry too much about it.
When and where did you go to basic, I never once even saw dessert in the dfac when I went thru
He wrote a pretty good piece right after his breakup with [NAME], this may be the same outcome
Thanks for the advice
First of all how DARE you plague this country with your USELESSNESS you degenerate smh
I think I just view her even more as a friend instead of as a psychiatrist. I can’t help but worry about her wellbeing listening to me
What worries me most is economic recovery — we need at least stable jobs and business. Too many bankruptcies and layoffs — it’s truly devastating, people are depressed, it’s painful.
*Keep your arms and legs inside the ride at all times.*
"I'm a libertarian. I get attacked by both sides lol" "I voted [NAME] last election" Uhhhh what
No kidding. Pretty sure my husband enjoys it as much as I do.
Don't worry, [NAME] is there.
Honestly don't know why I'm so unhappy most of the time. I just want it all to stop :(   #itnevergoes #itnevergoes
Ah, maybe the YouTube sound or phone sound. I don't know if it can tell when I turn off my desktop speakers
If I told you, that would defeat the purpose of censoring. Let's just say it's clearly libellous.
I WANTED GENERAL LUCK TO MARCH TO NEW ENGLAND AND *THEN* GET SPANKED UP AND DOWN THE FIELD FOR 60 MINUTES.
Honestly I wouldn’t mind. Glad he’s still in the NHL. Poor [NAME] was playing in the KHL last I heard.
This isn't meant to be a diy thing I think it's a YouTube craft channel they exist because it's calming to watxh
Im curious what shirt [NAME] is getting for the dance dance stream after all that sub train.
No bots in online multiplayer.
I have mixed states and rapid cycling too! Super fun
I smelled this meme coming in from a mile off! So good :p
It’s such a horrible argument I’m shocked they still use it.
It would be nice...but there arent any within 70 miles of me. Not even one in my home state.
This list is phenomenal and your username is witty! I’m saving this. Thank you for posting it!
@RoryPlays_  I was so busy yesterday I forgot to wish u a happy birthday so here I got HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY I hope u had a wonderful day
They blew up my feelings :'(
You conveniently aren't speaking to my assertion.
why are you a detective all of a sudden
@Daniel_Sankey @hayleyp79 Haha.... Actually, after the Doggies I'm barracking for Anyone But GWS! #bitter #bitter
[NAME] THAT HURTS DON'T DO THAT
Such a great actor because he can play so many different roles! Loved his character in Banderstach
Wow, such an unlucky finish... lucky we had DNB, really bad mistake by the goal keeper in the 95’
Your just killing time now.
I amlooking to adopt from there! This makes me happy!
eh, no. Maybe wood can be an alternative if thon is out of the option, but i will never get the allure behind ersan
I unironically agree with everything on the left side of this.
Even in the offseason we can’t escape the injury bug :/
Laid there until he was done.. don't you feel abused?
Have a good one!
[NAME], [NAME], [NAME], hey [NAME]. [NAME]! I’m a prostitute robot from the future.
You need to make sure that healthy food is within convenience for the players so that they don’t end up eating 2 minute noodles every day
Ahh. Both of those are very good. Hope you enjoy them as much as I did.
I also remember the chandelier campfires, and it was what inspired me for almost a year to tape pieces of mirror under my eyes so I could pretend I was walking on the ceilings ( though I always got a bit freaked out when I walked outside ).
I just sat there panting and wiping tears and mucus off my face.
#Jesus #truth Psalms 32:11 You that are righteous, be glad and rejoice because of what the Lord has done. You that obey him, shout for joy! #jesus #truth
I lost it at “wait, what did I do?”
Dear [NAME], **DON'T FUCK THIS UP** Love, Me
So I uh just checked it out and my sanity is gone
>!Royalty, half of them are all related one way or another!<
Tear all of it down - that place is such a horrific example of trash civil engineering
Me and the hubby watch every friday. Lol
For everyone who was wondering: dude is picked up, can move his legs and says “it’s ok, it’s ok”.
BANG motherfucker!
Yes, I remember when I said that. Thanks for the reminder!
Latest buzzfeed article.... 10 ways you’re a moron if you think we’re credible.
Enjoying Mummers. I'm from Philly. I kind of terrified as they just used Skyrim music....
Non horny girls do.
Write a reply by all means, but be gentle and respectful.
Good kid.
This one is the worst, by far
LOL that would be way better
As will myself and everyone else who is able to leaving the poorest to fend for themselves. Or we revolt like the [NAME]. Edit: grammar
when to do it- janitor or something and out of cleans, everyone agrees to it. when not to do it- d2 literally ever
That’s awesome man!
He had a poor year in 2000 but a really good year in 1999 that helped the Mets make the post-season.
Ugh, me too.
Such a great moment. I love sports because you can always remember where exactly you were when great moments like this happened.
@MacEngelProf as a fact for levity, movie theaters on Post actually did play the N.A when I served; was the best part of movies like TheHulk
I have vision issues already and I kind of freak out without sound. I'm gonna have to say blind.
Females would be pressured the other way obviously
Broke and jealous
Hang on so Im not allowed to stroke your dog? Thats sad.
Even when it's bad, it's still pretty good
No sober weekend 🙂🙂🙂
You can't control if you're nervous or not, but just know that you will absolutely be judged for it. Consciously or subconsciously.
Cant wait for the [NAME] [NAME] vs [NAME]
Maybe the entire Russian team will test positive for meldonium and the North Americans will get to replace them
Interesting I’ve never met any one IRL that met that way. Guess there must be some people meeting that way 😀
What about the small percentage that would?
Watch your language, thanks bud
Have a lovely day.
I think by and large it encouraged men to become better betas.
Happy birthday! Aren't you a bit young for Reddit?
I'd rather be tasteless than artosis
Can’t blame him! She kinda looks like [NAME] long lost older sister.
I would gleefully look forward to a battle where fascist apologists and race baiters utterly destroy each other. Maybe then we can have a civil, unified society.
I slightly hate you for triggering my OCD but at the same time it’s glorious
I can feel that already, I'm already getting pain at time with it, but I can only imagine the pain after for healing.
I love people watching from the balcony here
I enjoyed speaking to [NAME]
What? No way do I want to see a Boston coach behind our bench!
Yep because running a blower for 5 minutes caused it. Not the millions of vehicles or factories we have.
That's not her. This is she is in the movie:
Pretty much, it’s ironic to think how quickly the parties would switch positions if the illegal immigrants were expected to vote 90% for [NAME].
I took a yr off school and I'm proud to say I got accepted again, yo girl is going to finish!
@a_mxe7 hah don't speak to me or my cousin like that, mind a had the displeasure of seeing u bare faced on eh train, no a pretty sight mate
- the joyous occasion of laughing at the ostentatious display of disrespect. Bruce just scoffed at the entire scene. This wasn't Batman’s -
How often do swimmers get tested? If he doped, why only refuse once? If long-term testing finds nothing, what’s one refusal worth? If WADA accuses him, they must prove use; if not, they must justify his refusal. If the agency erred, why blame the athlete?
Anyone else think this is a little wholesome? I mean he’s really getting to his limit for this chick it seems.
As an NHL tv subscriber I prefer that home broadcast, but I see your point. GO KNIGHTS GO from Oklahoma!!!
Fingers crossed. Its the chosen people and not the choice people for a reason.
I'm sure you'd be the first one to run towards a crazy guy with a power tool.
Its to bad he doesn’t give Tomlin this treatment.
But God will deliver the righteous to their place of salvation: no evil shall touch them، nor shall they grieve
In what way is banning someone from using your service for copyright theft "a completely over-the-top punishment" ?
you forgot miracle, fake fan
Yeah, this belongs on r/wholesomememes
Oh of course,this bag will still be thoroughly enjoyed . Modern times have just turned me into a snob
WOAH IVE BEEN BURNED SICK BURN JOIN US AT r/SickBurns
All good brother
Loving the circle-jeck hate, how about not getting so triggered by other people taking offense at an ad
You actually have a point. But I think as long as they both dont have an issue atm it should be okay.
Oh I'm sure you're fun at parties
I'd love a 2D animated [NAME] trilogy. You can really go wild with animation and wild is exactly how I'd describe [NAME].
Stop making yourself human, just stay hollowed and you won't be invaded.
#burning the last of @Yan #burning
vs [NAME] analysis. I guess [NAME] has basis to say that he thought he won.
Imagine running willingly into a new pair of broken ribs.
Fuckin Finnish spitz out there bud
Bruh by isn’t [NAME]
Wha? I'd love more background on this.
u/dances-with-corgis Says they'll never forget their username. Literally forgot their username. Sorry, but: 😂😂😂😂, that's some [NAME] level tiny mess up.
Can we all pitch in and buy this place instead of the Baltimore House?
Yes. Source: still getting paid.
@carefreeash_ id be fuming
Write her a hand written letter and go back and deliver that to her damned door.
Her husband is disgusting. I can’t even look at the cute baby when his face is in the shot.
I woke up, brushed my teeth, and started to play a little maple story.
Classic lab. "Man that was really tough, but can we go play now?"
Man, I wish Fed was still 26 for these matches lol
She is a nice religious girl, exactly like the one he wanted to be with.
@LdhranOusby @RobHarris inclined to think that 'documentary' did him more harm than good. If not I despair of people's critical faculties.
glad to see paleho's doing well
@BarackObama I love Lizzy Warren's latest rage against Wall Street.
Reminds me of Ross Lake WA
Our ancestors took this land at great loss and developed into something greater than they were capable of being. Their descendants have the rightful claim to the land.
he had the shits
What is this an excerpt from? [NAME] was a treasure. I should read more of his stuff.
Can they do the same to Tyrael while they are at it?
I guess so ¯_(ツ)_/¯
No tweets from [NAME] since 10:30pm EST... twelve hours ago at the time of this writing. Oh, he must be having a GREAT time.
Become proficient with firearms and learn a second language if your in the us I'd suggest spanish
Hmmm.. this is kind of interesting that our name was even thrown into this mix.
Lol you sweet summer child. I wish I weren't so cynical and had hope like this.
Does anyone have the video of [NAME] drawing the charge I didn't get to see it.
>I think this is the same for most people. Exactly.
It's been 10 minutes, I'm still laughing 😂😂😂
With a jovial Trump on his ass, Don King just publicly told a crowd that 'We need [him] because you will always be a nigger.'  #FuckTrump #fucktrump
#Pakistan is ‘terrorist state’, carries out #war crimes: #India to @UN.\n#UNGA #terrorism #UN #pakistan #war #india #terrorism #un
Benzos stop working after a few weeks because they’re very addictive and tolerance grows quickly. I use them occasionally but never more than twice a week.
My grandmother fell very ill this past summer, and ended up suffering from encephalitis, which, in layman's terms, ate her brain away until she died.
Ill say it again. If I was a Black man Id be afraid to leave my house or have a moving violation.\n\n#TerranceCrutcher #truth #sad #truth #sad
Me, it's too cute for words.
A girl came into him recently and he pre maturely ejaculated. He had to type this.
I’ve come to the same realization. So now if its less than a pound I’m offering free shipping.
Fact: 2:28 I'll never ger back.
Well at least it's your fellow countrymen treating you like shit now and not outsiders. Improvement amirite?
Originally just a child murderer.
An OBE is an Out of Body Experience.
Nasty, nasty, nasty... Really *can't* understand why she is a 300lb human. s/
Not any weirder than male doctors handling women junk for centuries.
Sadly the minimum wage in Virginia is only $7.25 an hour so that definitely would not be enough.
Yes, dude! I'd love to see it finished.
Googled it, the US is a democracy.
All good man, I don't get the college football hate I see on here, and I hate the big ten disrespect I see everywhere.
Thank you! I'm so glad you liked it! I did finally get a new belt lol
Girl we been knew she's been telling us another album is on it's way since thank you, next
Is she single?
Now we all know someone is going to domesticate these cute fluff butts
Sometimes though, I wish I could be sad for a whole week; that would be a blessing.
But anyway this house.
Ask her out for date 2, see what happens. Sounds like a fun spontaneous night.
Imagine seriously considering [NAME] as a nominee, what a joke.
Oof the way he just tossed the cat aside oof
I was very sad for that snake who only died because I was too stupid to leave it alone!
They do get an awful lot of upvotes, so they seem to have at least some support from others.
As a [NAME] this makes me proud.
crying my heart out loud because the guy i was pinning for had fallen for another girl.
Dont see why she is attractive, she looks like a chihuahua with watermelons on her chest.
Yes! And also when you accidentally look at someone and think that they think that you're checking them out or something.
So would you want [NAME] first round, [NAME] second then this guy in the third?
I hope he doesn't
So sorry about your loss. It's so heart wrenching xoxox
The point of living, and being an optimist, is to be foolish enough to believe the best is yet to come' - Peter Ustinov #optimism #quote #optimism #quote
It's also complicated because a lot of videogame media outlets quote him
Fun ruiner.
I think it’s one of these softballs
I guess I’ll stay friends with her. Heck I’m a guy I can take a hit if she wouldn’t date
It is. It’s so bad. Then I start blaming myself for liking them. It’s like I have no control over this.
I hate text speak . Do you really want to dumb down your argument more than you need to?
I want to pour all my tears on someone right now. So tired of this #upset #sad #upset #sad
Same, I still need to sleep to go to work tomorrow.
There is no dark side in the moon. In fact, it's all dark.'\nGerry O'Driscoll at the end of 'The Dark side of the Moon'
What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do.' ~Tim Ferriss #inspiring #inspired #motivation #fear #success #hustle #inspiring #inspired #motivation #fear #success #hustle
Ah the good old Russian Right Hook.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. \n― Winston S. Churchill #quote #quote
@RoseTintMyWorId fucking hell mate absolute nightmare 😓
honestly, individually he's been awful so far.
But who is filming him?
Pulling for you so much ❤️. You got this!
Please bear with me, I'm not Twitter savvy😝 in real life I'm a Facebook person. Help me gain followers 🤓#blog #selfhelp #depression #blog #selfhelp #depression
What a great haircut
[NAME], it's like nobody learned a single thing from the game.
Keep stalkin me friend, maybe you'll learn something.
@MarGraham I am practically obsessed with it, the very thought of their departure makes me feel both melancholic and grateful.  Safe journey
You know he was too distracted by "boobies" on his teen wife to care about the realistic possible outcomes of rushing into marriage with a teen.
I really appreciate this post. I have been having a shit day and this honestly made my night!
Rated M 😂😂
Maybe [NAME] anti could help. Make sure you kill him before the duration ends. Also, [NAME] works.
He’s a douche because... why? He got turned on by some animal porn? Why does that make him a douche?
You missed the chance to title it [NAME] :(
The mouthbreathers usually aren't boys but guys between 2-3 times my age. Possibly homeless and very smelly.
"Yoohoo~ Remember,remember,the fifth of dismember!"
I wish I could draw... :L
Things are relatively quiet.
That game was great. THOT, be gone...
The only character to never let me down
Oh it is, it's just that you know that thing...about the intel
Your mother is an idiot. If she somehow proved that you were an unfit parent to your children your stbx husband would get them not her.
Piss off a small percentage to gain an even larger one? That's hardly unheard of. The amount of publicity alone for this is astounding.
The refs missed big calls for both teams in that game.
Oh mah gawd!!
Would anyone actually pay close to $100? And how difficult would it be to do this?
Auntie Bao’s account giving negative replies and likes — so fragile! How can someone that thin-skinned run a marketing page? Even game connections aren’t this fragile.
Oh hi [NAME]
Good lord [NAME], just don’t buy it
I'm glad it only sprayed soda when his thumb went into the can, and not blood everywhere.
This is why I love baseball
Finally something nice
second episode of AHS 6 here i go
Bitch worry about me more than I worry about myself 🙄😩
> It’d make porn ~~awkward~~ awesome FTFY
Got it! I wasn't aware that it was a slur, and thought that it was just a general term used. Thanks for the info.
If you had a giant rock on your land, and you couldn't stop people climbing, wouldn't you be pissed?
Yeah super confused about that considering it was only [NAME] she had beef with lol
ok yes I get it as much as the next guy -- bikes blues &amp; bbq is frustrating &amp; loud!!! but these ppl are traveling from all over to come --
I know you're trying to troll, but you need to try a little harder. At least you're trying.
Haha! [NAME] aside, that is *wonderful*!
This is exactly what I was looking for! Thank you so much!
The more you know
Do you not commute to work? It's still like that during rush hour traffic.
Be great if the DV judge made her refund the cash to every single person, unlikely, but I can fantasize:(
Fuuuuuck. That’s the worst I’ve seen.
Watched the movie, friend request at 2am awhile ago in a dark cold night and it was one of the bad choices I've ever made. #nightmare 😰 #nightmare
Tbf he's not a dictator... Yet...
@shanedawson @JeffreeStar @JessButtafuoco No offense but.. Jeffee looks like a pink demon😂
The only place open for dinner in our part of Seoul during Chuseok was a mediocre Chinese restaurant around the corner from our hotel.
Oh my gosh, my Dodger blue heart goes out to yours and your family. I am so sorry.
It was an edit friend - they are the same kid. No children were hurt in the making of this gif.
@LeahRemini  A 'religion' that pushes people to suicide, and punishes you for doing the right thing?? #heartbreaking #heartbreaking
I love the post you just made! Well written and very relatable.
read that as 'Belly Racing' and tbh i'm a little underwhelmed
That’s so wholesome.
Iniesta still the one player I idolize from Barca,a delight to watch I tell you
Oh trust me I'm aware haha.
Split blankets are a lifesaver. No more grumbling because someone stole my bit of blanket and is cuddling it...
Came to say the Ravens. I always pull for them no matter what for your laid or reasons. Plus their black and purple jerseys are so nice.
Aw [NAME] - she wanted this to be her legacy
Bugger them all
And here I am, with no promotion after 3 years. Anyways, congrats for yours.
Do you.....have a certificate showing you're not a donkey-brained man?
From my experience minoxidil only stops loss, unfortunately it doesn't encourage new growth
Gonna try GW2, might try GW1 if I don't like it. Thanks!
I thought she was married to my boyfriend. He's got some splaining to do...
My favourite was “for people who don’t like water”. I don’t like their drinks but their advertising is always funny.
Plot twist: [NAME] is [NAME] estranged father
@MaxiNutrition order 321073 parcel 15502922895987. #awful #customercare by @DPD_UK tried to view calling card online. black image #noshow #awful #customercare #noshow
Luckily I don’t like beer so I don’t have to worry about that.. but my love for bread more than makes up for that!
That can get me wet almost instantly. It’s ticklish but turns me on so much. It’s a really sensitive area I think.
another thing that bothers me is that sometimes i stick my neck out for people at work and i do nt even get a thank you.
nice one! but it‘s a much more underground one I think
I'm seeing this everywhere, what does BEC mean?
This anger inside I turned to fuel, I burned and watched myself spin down, like inferno types,
I’ve literally done this when drunk before, I doubt it was you but my apologies nonetheless haha
Oh man.
This is the scariest American Horror Story out of all of them... I'm gonna have to watch in the daytime. #frightened #frightened
Happy Cake day!
Stop all the bullshit. Keep AB. Pick one.
Deathly afraid, the undersides of boats too. I can't look if I see them in a picture or movie
Well then take my upvote my sub soulmate. lol
That’s fair, I disagree with you, but I’m not here to change your mind. Was just curious.
Not sure why he's shilling for [NAME].
#PeopleLikeMeBecause they see the happy exterior, not the hopelessness I sometimes feel inside.  #anxiety #anxietyprobz #peoplelikemebecause #anxiety #anxietyprobz
FWIW this was also posted yesterday
They’re not just investments. They’re deliberately exploitative and China’s not operating in good faith
Beautiful face, but scenically over the top
Lol, nice try.
Might be wrong but isn't it [NAME] who wanted gase more than mac
It does IMO, I like being proud of India and I can not be proud if [NAME] wins.
The complexity of the killie boo boys is fascinating
Hello, can anyone share the case number? I can’t find it. As a law student, I want to read the judgment — when was the second trial?
Ah, that sounds frustrating! Thanks for sharing. I think I might steer clear of the teeth thing.
Oops, guess youre straight now!
@loueezecee I don't know how much more of that bloody pout I can take!!
You know [waves hand] Everyone.
I hope last night was fun enough to warrant the hassle today.
Now this is some good fucking content
I am sure that whatever happens in the end, [NAME] will fuck it up.
If I ever see that in my area, that will be a bullet to the head. Fuck Reddit's rules.
This is why you dont brag online and post personal gun pics. It can be used against you in a court of law.
I was in that phase for a good while until i lost it all later anyways.
I’m sorry if I hurt your fragile ego, you should get off the internet lol
That sounds great!
Maybe focus on today instead of worrying about eternity? You'll get a lot more out of life that way.
She probably has a kid by now.
wish stuff was like this with my dad. Lucky kids and lucky dad
Guess he should just go hungry then huh?
Block him and stop replying to his comments. Not worth it.
Finally the UN gets off their ass and does something. So glad she’s finally safe (for now).
Gotta play the identity politics game. She’s black and a lady.
That's because he played the end of the game when they were feeding [NAME] with no results.
If the future doesn't fill you with existential dread are you even a real person
pay me $92,000 dollars and Ill stay single forever lmao
I am always ready to .
You'd love to meet my in-laws...
I have the same issue with a new co-worker and it drives me insane.
Did you hear about that old Italian chef? Sadly, he pasta way.
As The Pot Bro's always say. When the Cops ask you questions. Shut the fuck up.
She’s so gorgeous, I hate you too.
That would be against my own morals to do that. But there’s an island off the coast of India that would be delighted to do that😂
he's being immature
Tom Phillips being all jovial at the start of this week's show when Joe is strutting out after that video package is quite the juxtaposition
It's just the lack of company and liveliness out here that makes me bored.
So, just a super verbose tone trolling?
Probably in the same way I find a little cellulite hot. Anyone up for starting a subreddit with boob veins? Lmao
It's fine, I just don't want to take the time out of my day to make food... or wait for food.
Fuuuck, brutal
A "kicky switch"? I'm not sure where to use that, but I'll find a way.
You can't choose whether you like pork better than chicken but you can choose whether you have pork or chicken for supper.
[NAME] damn you are autistic
I'm impressed that you have little knowledge of the game, would you unsubscribe?
#Worry never robs tomorrow of its #sorrow; it only saps today of its #strength - A. J. Crown #faith #positive #motivation #worry #sorrow #strength #faith #positive #motivation
This is amazing haha. I think he’s got the type of personality to win too.
Thanks for the help.
That's some legendary teamwork exhibited right there.
Clear eyes.
What a run by the [NAME]! And by far my favourite jerseys of this tournament.
True. I don't know the survival rates of the women in ancient rome but I can't imagine it was fantastic.
Also, he never gets hurt so you can't Robidas the guy.
You came in uniform, return draped in the flag. Without your sacrifice, we’d have no peace. May the wildfire cease soon. Farewell, hero.
Yeah, but the sound of a fork against the stainless would be absolutely unbearable.
What a tool!
Yeah I wish they could just finish 9th every year in the conference
Hugs. We put our sweet lady kitty to sleep one year ago tomorrow.
See her just a bit here and there amid the crowds.
We didn't screw it up!
Try really warm water instead. It's awesome.
Anyone that emotional that passes on gains because of some grudge he holds for a coin shouldn't be involved in crypto.
I definitely rushed it. What do you think I missed?
40's French movie girl. Bold look cotton, let's see how it plays out
Yeah, that was terrible. [NAME] laughing and joking at the end of that game ended his career here.
LMFAOOOOO that’s when family guy was still funny
This is scary!
Please remove the initials at the subscribers to /r/feet, but I have sand in the hopes that someone called him out.
Let the bourgeoisie draw first blood. Let there be no confusion about who shot first, and there will be no question about who shoots last.
Leon's cheerfulness is always a big help.
Some people just need reassurance that they are, in fact, dumb.
And? Abusive people apologize sweetly too. Doesn’t make them any less aggressive and in the wrong.
lool ok I laughed pretty hard at this.
No problem. If you read it let me know what you think!
Relying on the brains of some people in the country, they will invest in real estate. They will hope that the world will be high, so they will get taxes and wages.
Some people are pretty dense. That comment was clearly sarcasm, sorry bout your downvotes 😔
I feela little better, but my ears are popping, and my nose is running so muchthat I'm thinking I need to get stock in Puffs Tissues.
why is this being downvoted?
You’re a wonderful person. I wish I could afford to do the same ❤️
Not dislexia, the recent news about kashoggi has for the most part conditioned us to expect horrifying g news where Saudi nationals in foreign countries are concerned
If you date another bisexual, you can date a woman without figuring out how straight people date!
For me it’s the complete opposite. Complete dread in the morning and usually more hopeful in the evening.
I did! Never moving back, I love my life in the "big smoke".
Poor management—maybe because all the capable people left for big cities? If everyone fled when the country was poor, would we have today’s achievements?
[NAME] is happy
If I wanted to send a message about how much I hate my life and get literally no response then I could just text my mother.
Lunatic Asylum: The place where optimism most flourishes.
Yes! A 1000 times
Good Tuesday morning... Be the person who makes someone smile just at the thought of you.\n\nBe blessed and be a blessing!  #BBaBaB #bbabab
Why would there be? HOTS heroes always have been and always will be BLIZZARD heroes, not Activision
You could notice he was a little bit nervous, i think that was the main reason for his way of playing in this game.
He has a prog rock album.. its horrific
Like [NAME] [NAME] yes but [NAME] [NAME] is super nasty. Whoever wrote the dialogue for classified needs to be fired cause it’s makes me wince
Are you daft ... ? That is and always has been the proposal. [NAME] don't listen and don't care though. Fucking dumbass.
I have been doing that. The disc-to-digital thing is pretty sweet.
Oh my. Watching #rage. It's been like, ages #rage
What if I went around with a bat and stalked down every socialist I could find? Socialism killed more innocent [NAME] then [NAME], remember?
Loading mirth out to be trusted websites: LKskQUfke
Time for a #burst #burstcoin fork?? #burst #burstcoin
Oh that’s crazy to expect that much. 10/5 years is nothing.
It was some other girls
I love the immediate cut from the gladiator dying to the defeat screen. Makes it funnier
Oh cool so you admit to being a pedo.
This was wild, laughed the entire post
I don't think the people who agree with this post fully understand how large a legion is.
These are lovely, I have one.
I just discovered her channel recently too! She's hilarious and I love watching all the diet tryouts.
Not cameo, reference sorry
Would you rather I hadn't posted this article? Don't want to talk about it?
@maggyvaneijk Old age?! No hope for the rest of us. Destined to become deatheaters by 50 #nightmare #nightmare
Ghost them. It’ll drive them crazy and give you the satisfaction
You should've smashed his head into it.
[NAME] is pretty cute...
@Grace_thomas473 you keep talkin shit and trying to offend me but you're just petty as fuck
This, this is brilliant
I've got some new pens to break in. Name an animated series and I'll draw you in that style 🖍
doesn't count shield damage, maybe you also need a bit of healing on allies... so either go supports or khan/moji
I actually see this one a lot. "Allergy: fire ants." Me too, bro. Ants will fuck you up.
Lol, that slomo
And other hilarious lies you can tell yourself...
Both parents were drunk. Where were the small children? You helped her cheat and possibly contribute to child neglect. Awesome.
Weird, just got back from the one on Grand 45 min ago and I got in and out no problem.
Kinda both. The show itself is mediocre and has pretty generic jokes in my opinion. But the fans make me dislike it even more.
Do you have arthritis yet? To me it seems my arm wouldve fallen off doing this.
What the hell did you just type?
I love this! Wish I lived in the city!
you're going to relapse in two years because you have an illness that makes you use excessive amounts of things to cope with emotions..
That kinda happened to me at a chillibees once. I semi full on panicked. I grew to hate that place. And booths.
I have yet to see a single reasonable person supporting [NAME]. Not on Reddit, not on Twitter, nowhere.
Not really it’s a capitalist organization based on earning. They play to peoples fear and love not their environment
I hope you meant stay strong, we are here for you. Me too.
I like how this story's problem is literally the opposite of the next oldest post on this subreddit
My bf uses profanity, and I don't care. There's no reason for misogyny though.
Lmao compelling argument bud
Aww that makes me happy!
Wiretaps and catching low-level guys and having them flip on their bosses/co-conspirators. Source: Watched a lot of TV.
I'm sorry. I wish I could give you more hopeful answers.
Thx 4 teh gol d kind straingr!!!XD
All of Gao Qiqiang’s charisma is erased by the lives he took. Zhang Songwen’s acting is excellent, the character vivid—but it’s hard to idolize someone like that.
[NAME] has to have a shot. Tough son of a bitch. Also [NAME] = [NAME].
That has to be the saddest nba account ever. Like 4 likes every post :(
At least he can now pay respects the ultimate way
Ya. It's not what you think to start. Awesome show ending within 5 seasons with a planned ending. It's refreshingly hilarious. Netflix available.
Congratulations! Hard work always pays off! :) Hope you enjoy your new job!!
How is Canada going?
I’m gonna sit down and cry now
My First thought too! I get really bad stress knots in my neck and shoulders. I just don’t dare to ask every Damn day it hurts
Or just get the fuck out and never look back.
I stopped for water at the rest stops and got doused with a hose, which was very pleasant except my shoes got drenched so I was running with heavy sponges on my feet for the last two miles.
I'm going to Chicago in a few months. I hear Sbarro's is great for authentic Chicago style pizza.
@azizansari Just finished season 2 of #MasterofNone. You are a gifted storyteller! #charming #cinematography #hilarious #masterofnone #charming #cinematography #hilarious
Lol, believe me you would know.
Now THIS IS shitposting
I feel terrible for their daughter. I wouldnt want to grow up in between the middle of that.
I do. It's supposed to be bad for your back, but I just can't seem to fall asleep with both legs bent the same.
This makes me smile
Look upon mine #affliction &amp; my ​​​#pain​; &amp; forgive all my sins. -Ps 25:18 #affliction #pain
Hello. We have removed your comment for shaming. Thanks [NAME]
[NAME]* that would have been sliiiiick
That's amazing, wow! People can be so good.
@MichealArroyo2 Nope, thanks though. It took me yrs to find my hubby and he's great.  He makes life great. # he really is #awesomeness #awesomeness
Lake inle is a beautiful place
Well, that one time, I was very constipated...
nope, this is just older people not understanding how teens actually communicate
Funny how picture comes with no article link... typical BS post..
Competing with someone more talented is like riding a bike against a race car — no matter how hard you pedal, you can’t catch up. But if talents are similar, effort makes all the difference.
You're in luck!
I met my best female friend on omegle, she lives 3000 miles away from me and we have never met.
Umm... I am.
I'm getting old. :/
@kencurtin they might get Donal óg sure! They won't have him in cork as he's to fiery for dopey frank &amp; his cult
Lmao is this a bot?
Don't forget he hired some voodoo person.
Agreed. The only sensible option is to throw half a fit when people disagree with you!
"Being asked not to rape is oppressing me"
I love the downvote followed by zero response. Thank you ladies and gentlemen, goodnight *mic drop
What a methy situation!
Everyone *can* be rehabilitated, but a lot of effort is needed, and most would likely fail.
I really pity those unfree Cuban babies. It’s just sad.
He only does it when I'm playing a fast-paced racing game where I need to always see where I'm going.
Wife left me and I am just broken. relapsed tonight from 7 years clean and just not seeing a point anymore
Wasn't the scar originally across his nose but [NAME] moved it?
try going outside for a long painful walk
He shat himself TERRIBLY and ran home.
Weird way to spell Voldo.
[NAME] is a monster, my favorite of the Pythons. Such a perfect smug face.
She cants her hip against my waist into my side, almost knocking me into a stumble before tugging me upright with a dizzy laugh that rolls into my ears and I have to smile back.
Oh then u/Dr-Pepper-Phd
That was mercy — just a reminder. If it were Black dudes, they’d slap the crew silly.
What if all Chinese passengers demand it? Don’t count on the railway — better speak up yourself.
My new favorite phrase.
“While you were getting laid, I was shopping for clothes at Costco.”
[NAME] got bank...he's paying people to count his cash. He's doing fine
£20 per child?! That is ridiculous! You can’t buy much of anything for that! I am furious on your behalf!!
Wow she sounds like fun
I live in the area, and I haven’t noticed the smell anymore the last few times I’ve walked by there.
I'm giving you an upvote for that perfect comeback, but I'm not happy about it!
I think it was, it was do scary, i honestly never wanna do that stuff again
Guess I’m heading back to the kitche :)
I love how everyone is standing, and then [NAME] and [NAME] are leaning over.
[NAME] is [NAME] and [NAME] daughter?
@The_Nasty_P now you gotta do that with fast n furious
Fingers crossed I can finish all my work early enough this Friday in time to catch @Raury at LIB 😦  #timetogrind #timetogrind
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** gum_sticks! ^(hug)
i can imagine going to a job interview and the one of the committee just immidiately shouting *Audentes Fortuna Iuvat!*
What are you basing this on?
What a nasty goal! Gives you chills!
Lol that's my cat, he sometimes does that when he eats too fast or we switch his food, he is okay haha
This looks delicious, I wish I had all ingredients on hand, because I would make this tomorrow.
Why irritated? I’m sure you said lots of nice stuff about [NAME] at the time.
Floofel.i wonder if your mother knows how dark your humor can be.Needs to realize how much of a butt Apple is. Pastels and cats.cutie pie.
Soon: Mass death of pink-skinned Aussies.
Thanks [NAME] but I don't think you understood the context of the phrase in my post and you should probably just fuck off.
Cant wait to hear a hot take from the second dumbest people who ever loved ([NAME] ots the first if you are asking)
OP should first talk to his Priest about this and try to reconcile with his faith. It's a big thing for a [NAME] to leave.
I'm worried that even in the summer we're not going to have the funds necessary to do that.
No, you have the right too. Pretty crazy, but awesome thing we have. Freedom of expression.
This physically hurt me
It’s ridiculous. Ignoring advice and going home isn’t malicious? Even someone like me who didn’t finish elementary school can understand this. When things go wrong, people call the government incompetent. Now that they’re taking measures to control the pandemic, they’re still being scolded. You really can’t be careless during a pandemic — I hope everyone works together.
Yeah...it's difficult to have sympathy for someone like yourself
He said yes, I closed my eyes, and seeking from divine, I sang precisely two lines, describing, my wishes for him.
Healthier and more disgusting.
Simple...OHFRSUR...thank me later bud
PULL HIM. NOW.
Thanks a ton man. I definitely do overthink a lot and I’d serve myself well letting life come to me more often
Glad you enjoyed! Come on down on Mondays. We have trivia and all the burgers are $6!
@thedrepabon BLM was outraged by the shooting in NC the other day, turns out the guy pointed gun at police. Wait for facts before outrage
Nothing like a little humiliation therapy to motivate the workers. /s
Still don't get my point, but thanks anyway.
@WDA_Punisher @SgtDangerCow @Battlefield I think so too. \nCasual audience was particularly unhappy with server admins and server rules.
Michelle is one of the worst players in bb history #bb18 #bbfinale  #bb18 #bbfinale
Why isn’t she banned yet? Using her for hype is terrible social guidance — media should blacklist her.
I went nuts for a bit and stayed on them for much longer.
I did that in origins but now that theres mercenaries and its sooo annoying to deal with them so i stay as quiet as i can until im caught.
I'm happy to hear all that.
Looks deliriously boring.
Even a powerline adapter won't save you from the laggy mess that is SFV
Can't wait to bring it to 1
[NAME] has a nice text on this topic. Of flying cars and the declining rate of profit.
My roommate: it's okay that we can't spell because we have autocorrect. #terrible #firstworldprobs #terrible #firstworldprobs
Sooo good!
Unbelievable takes 10 minutes to get through to @BarclaysUK then there's a fault and the call hangs up #fuming #treatcustomersfairly #fuming #treatcustomersfairly
Didn't seem patronising to me.. just kids being kids when confronted with a guy banging on a drum.
Good on ya my man. I too am excited for some game time this weekend. TGIF
People on the internet take shows too seriously. The average fan is not like that
Yeah that’s how I feel but that might be kinda hard to explain to non lgbts 😕
LOVE LOVE LOVE  #fun #relaxationiskey #fun #relaxationiskey
Oh, goodness!
I also love this decline in bch prices. Cheers.
Here's a tip for everyone: Stop being offended. End. #offended #quit #youredumb #liveyourownlife #offended #quit #youredumb #liveyourownlife
Fascinating, can you please provide some more detail on the pre-KOOP origins of the phrase friend : )?
They love to prey on women that have just given birth. It’s so disgusting!
This is gross and sweet at the same time. Great parenting.
You'd be surprised how much control [NAME] has in your life. I've experienced it first hand. Mentally.
I'd be ok. I rarely wear the stuff..
It was tough at first, but I'm slowly learning to love again.
3 Hours of [NAME] pissing on the floor in public
Flashbacks to hallucinations? Whoa
He’s such a little bitch, impossible to like
Why did you have to one up this article in your comment?
A lovely bronze age mud hut, it's a British tradition.
TRMZs new video showed this really well. I can't wait for persistence to be ironed out so we start seeing these types of bases all over
Omg yes feels like being new born.
It’s lack of #faith that makes #people #afraid of #meeting #challenges …\n\n#MuhammadAli #faith #people #afraid #meeting #challenges
The key is — they’re offered free rides back to Hubei, but they refuse! Even run back from stations — why? No food, no shelter here, yet still won’t leave. How deep is their trouble?
If we're talking about the person in the middle, that's a man. [NAME].
Yeah your right thats why I dobt rush things, Ive accepted things take time
Resist it! You can be strong. Block him! Then do something nice for yourself
It’s a shame, I’ve had numerous friends with disabilities but I’ve never treated them any less then my friends without.
is it big market privilege? Cause the braves got fucked for similar crimes.
Imagine bragging about a “your mum” joke
Sorry for your loss mate
I wish my husband was like you, especially on point number 6
Still had sex with her, though.
Munson’s Chocolate right here in my town of Bolton! Also Simoniz ... a major player in cleaning and protection products, right here in Bolton!
Ah, I remember the first time I got scope bite, we all had a good laugh and I got glass in my eye
Dude the kaaba was detroyed three times that's nothing
I was there too! I remember it was a warm day during an otherwise cold time of year.
That's literally not me, and he didn't say anything about skin
I'm not sure these guys are wingers, but other than that, I'm very happy so far
My favorite part of women being in the game is fucking destroying them. Take that femenists
Be confident when you’re breaking the skin! If you hesitate, the vein is more likely to roll.
I love this! 🇦🇺
r/fellowkids is like the epitome of Weezer. Looking at you, Pacific Daydream.
That's cute. Sincerely Nepal, 7.6
I'm on it!
But, my stomach... oh... my stomach... This bike has been from Taiwan to Vietnam, Cambodia, and Thailand... and several places in Vietnam, not to mention all but the southern tip of Taiwan... Heading north.
Wow this made my forehead hurt it was so cringey. I love it.
Is that seriously the story? I haven’t googled it. I just thought it was cool as a WW2 buff
Done, good luck with your thing.
Oh [NAME], House of Leaves. That book is......
Guys a vulture who is feeding off people's fear.
Working the fields all year earns so little — buying a house means owing a mountain of debt.
I knew this was coming! Amazing!
Castle Danger is killing it with tasty beverage. I'm jealous!
I really love all the downvotes on this posts comments cus it goes to show ppl can’t have their own opinions on things.
Personally, I assume that those who claim NOT to be deprived in this way are just adept liars. That's how deprived I am.
Over 4 million acres to live, there's no reason #Idaho residents should #fear #wolves. #Help prevent them from becoming #endangered again. #idaho #fear #wolves #help #endangered
Keep trying! :) I’ve just had a look and enjoyed the ones of yours I read.
Life is nothing but a hell filled with torment, misery and loss.
Yes it was very hard but I appreciate it.
All good man 👌
The shocking conclusion.
@mdivincenzo9 he's stupid, I hate him lol #bitter #bitter
Thank you [NAME]
What a thot*
@TrueRyuga I tore my MLC playing football in HS. Knees are serious business. Take care of them! Lemme know if you need anything.
Do you always assign people positions they don't hold to avoid accountability for being a failure? Or is this a recent development?
Wouldn't you just enjoy more focus on Celtic football?
Nobel prize, u/Otomyre, Nobel prize! I’ll see you in Sweden!
Synth backing tracks = sadness\n#depresspop #dark #+++ #alt #fuckingmeup #dark #alt #fuckingmeup
Abusing antibiotics like that is how you come down with an antibiotic resistant bacterial infection.
Earth Base Delta stopped responding to our calls, and we were left alone in the vast emptiness of space.
This is how we introduce Socialism to the youths
It didn’t help [NAME]. He should have invested in a crosscut, it might have been a bigger challenge to put back together
Hmm.. I means what's the point.. there's not gonna be much difference since both of em aren't doing good.
My kitten just got very happy when Pasta scored. Such loud purrs! I was happy too.
In Nanyang, Henan, county-level housing was over 2,000 yuan years ago; now the average is around 4,000.
It was up-hill to get to school.....and up-hill again walking back home.
I honestly do not know. Chastise them for their hardness of heart and presumptiveness I suppose. I guess that is what [NAME] would do.
This is my hat now... this is totally my hat...
Is there something I'm missing here? I don't see the pun.
I always thought filet mignon had bacon and garlic butter. Colour me surprised Deliberately ignoring anything to do with the minion
that number 3 is soooo familiar and sad.
woah this is a reversal of the norm you took a meme from instagram to reddit
Hey @SuperValuIRL #Fields in #skibbereen give your online delivery service a horrible name. 1.5 hours late on the 1 hour delivery window. #fields #skibbereen
And I’ll admit I am insane for allowing it to happen but the passion I have for this guy makes it hard to cut off all contact.
That number seems a bit low to me
[NAME] I wish that were me.
I'm not saying to hate them, I'm wondering why this sub just started worshiping them.
[NAME] and [NAME] were amazingly cute when both were in their awkward phase where no one had the guts to step forward.
This nigga doesn't even look for his real family 🙄😂 #sad #sad
@TheDappaMc also £2.50 for a chocolate Feast ice lolly.. proper shocking 😩
It really is amazing the money they give to some of these QB's #nfl #texans #brock  #nfl #texans #brock
It would appear it's a good year for the #blues #blues
I love converts. They willingly throw away their freedom for a prison cell. So cute
@HillaryClinton evidently @realDonaldTrump feels above #norms. SHOW the #tax return, if you have nothing to #fear #norms #tax #fear
His sister likes his Cox
Oh man this is horrible and the best summary of this subreddit in one single comment. I love it. Thank you so much.
Happy New Year to you! 🎉 May all your wishes come true and may you prosper!
Please do not take that personally. I thought this was a great photo.
I'll see what I can do, thanks man.
Yeah I really hope nobody was in the back seat of the red car... I hope everyone is okay.
This is as subtle as the 2nd choice is the MP telling you to go and fuck yourself.
She’s trying to motivate him to have a normal life after prison. She’s just not doing it the right way.
He's been playing better this season though, in my opinion.
Thx! Happy New Year!
I wish the camera showed the cops reactions and faces when it didn't work
Iirc it’s definitely darker than [NAME], but here it’s almost the same color.
That's what *you* want you to think!
He’s been going to a restaurant for 40 years and forgot what it looked like and where it was.. uh huh.
But it looks so fluffy
[NAME] is the best character in cinematic history
Good Morning!!!\n\n #leadership #healthcareIT #socialmedia #connector #ceo #writer #AI #EQ #security #bigdata #Growthhacking #tech  #leadership #healthcareit #socialmedia #connector #ceo #writer #ai #eq #security #bigdata #growthhacking #tech
This has been largely disproven. [NAME] had no problem dropping the bomb and knew it wouldn't change the outcome of the war.
I’d love to get an update on what happened! (When you are ready)
Good Job
Being a complete idiot and blocking a road in front of a bar. Which is where most cops tend to hang out trolling for DUIs at 2 am.
Go to about the 13 minute mark. It gets better for her.
Not to mention the fact, that he's casually smoking a cigarette 3 inches away from an infant.
Text ain’t a great medium for sarcasm.
It's a beautiful day today. Cloudy but sunny and breezy.
What a beast! Self defense definitely, hopefully the brain trauma will teach them a thing or two ^^^probably ^^^not though
You're too ugly to even bully
“I don’t want to be the only one *NOT* throwing a chair.” -Everyone
Obviously there is a unicorn conspiracy perpetuated by [NAME], who are trying to suppress the truth about one-horned animals
Am I watching #BacheloretteAU or Zoolander ? #hilarious #samvrhys #bacheloretteau #hilarious #samvrhys
> A good jab to the sternum is what I was taught. maybe a sharpened bat would work better?
kenny - where were you born\nme - washington\nkenny - you fucking liar you were born in the fiery pits of hell
tfw you were part of the comment chain but doesn't get to be in the meme. *INSADTINENS*
That feel when you travel 700 miles to pick up a form that arrives in the post two days after you leave. #fume #fume
Sometimes life actually hands you lemons. We're just lucky that we have a proverbial phrase that gives us an idea of what we can do with them.
> It’s really not that difficult to win in this league lol
@MartinClouseau - as CEO of a charity you could reasonably expect @eduardo_LACS not to attempt to crudely inflame tensions.
I love you and I love your style. Nice work. Bullies should not be rewarded
You really went in to detail, and with valid points. Δ
The only flight delay I’ve had at slc is because there was too much rain at lax
I WILL NOT OBEY THAT ORDER, GENERAL!
That unfortunately still doesn’t stop the thoughts or really address any issue I raised in my post. thanks for your concern though mate. I appreciate it
Just be respectful.
I would love to get microblading but its so iffy about if it’ll be good or not. I’ve seen a lot of terrible turn outs
Actually what's going on in my head is a lot of congestion.
5 months until parole
I don't know what else to do. I have no transportation, personal phone, or money. And I live in a rural area.
Whenever I leave my character in free roam I get an idle notification very quickly. Must have glitched.
No he won’t :)
I closed my eyes and felt the elements around me.
I know it sucks and it isn't like it's a new perk multiple swf probably all have it by now
Comedycemetery? More like repostcemetery
i was thinking about your art earlier today, and now i've been blessed with this on my feed
I feel my head hurting, and the next thing I know school's over, I'm in the front of it with him and Traci, and he's pointing a finger at me and sort-of-yelling-sort-of-talking, and saying `` You faker! ''
yes, i know that people think of me as some strange freak because i never talk to anyone and act so awkward in social situations
This is terrible advice
Sorry, no punch line today. You guessed correctly on half an apple tho. Cheers
“Insulting Chinese for eating dog meat,” “Being seen as racist for insulting Chinese,” “Having the verdict overturned due to racism” — all of these are products of Western “political correctness.” Their so-called “procedural justice” just muddies the waters, never addressing real procedural issues (like whether the inspection violated rules or whether Sun Yang was truly wrong to smash the sample).
@DsWorld18 did you hear it? Cause I am getting messages about the ground shaking
@silverstein 13th time seeing you guys today and you cancel the meet and greet because of the storm. We're all soaked.. 😡 #dissapointed #dissapointed
We don’t improve without discovering our problems. Good on you man- wish you and your boyfriend many happinesses 🙂
[NAME] is cheaper too. If we would have kept [NAME] we would have had to extend him to over $4mil.
He's a selfish bastard druggie, so we no longer care about him. Thank you for your condolences <3
Dude want's to help his mother... cool I do the same, my mom lives in my basement. But he is doing it with my money!
There is something deep within me that as an [NAME] LOVES the use of the word cunt
Spending the day with family in beautiful Bowral 🌿
Why would they lie?
Looks like a pretty good plate overall!!
I'm afraid I'll pick something else.
The Republicans are worse though the NRA literally has to pressure Republican congressmen every time gun control gets brought up.
I’m sorry but [NAME] has better memes
It was done before and it was terrible
What happened next?
it will be the compilation of 3 games, don't get your expectations that high.
Under rated reference.
I would say the answer is better education, not disenfranchisement based on socioeconomic circumstances, but you do you I guess.
Heh, unfortunately true. Especially with US medical system which mostly refuses euthanasia of any kind.
Sometimes I get jealous of [NAME].
You don't understand.
Cherish it. This might be the last group of wanderers still attached to their hometown. Will the homeland be empty thirty years from now?
Kinda what I figured. Just wanted to see if anyone else had this issue before
Have fun getting robbed
We can talk compromise, when they stop holding the country hostage. Until then, bye [NAME]
Thank you. I’ve got till next week to find out then :)
Truth is, we don't know. Never tried it really.
Which state? It's actually quite rare.
She would be crying because your showing yiu truly care. Its up to you buddy but tears of joy are good.
Be brave. You have our support
Then you're saying its about looks, not the misogyny.
You deserve WAY more upvotes
I don't necessarily hate them, but then again, I dislike it when people breed while knowing how harsh life is.
Protip: you probably meant that you COULDN'T care less.
No, but ever age, build or height does that have that problem. Think about it...I may have expiriences something like that...
To be fair, actresses who are famous enough to be stopped on the red carpet get that question at almost any formal event they go to.
You're clueless if you think you and even 50 other people would protect you against outsiders without the implied threat of the US military being involved.
Thank bejebuzz, the channel will be a little less nuts for it.
Whats up with the human race turning into invertebrates anyways?
With just coffee and nothing fancy I did love the Komodo blend back in the day.
Can confirm as my first time commuting by motorcycle in the rain there was hail, then lots of thunder bolts and lightning , found it very very frightening.
I like that, will be looking forward to seeing it when I go there. Sure, it's stereotypical. Who cares?
Do you hate China then?
Omg I commented on your original post. I hope you’re doing better and I’m glad this all came out and you got closure.
Jfc, that's depressing.
You are so ugly even tears wont show up near you
Interesting, thanks for clarifying.
Sure, let's kill a guy with a buck on his horse because that's how it was in the old west. Smh
This is the first I’m hearing of this. Not on any of the local news, but on Reddit! MASSIVE media bias.
You should have gone and joined her for a drink.... That’s my dream... Eventually sit down and enjoy a drink with my siblings.
I still miss the north hills bottom dollar :(
I'm sorry but are you implying that everything to the right of full-blown communism is the center?
The video was leaked with the caption: >“Here is America’s favorite commie know-it-all acting like the clueless nitwit she is,”
Of course it bothers you. She just admitted that something inconsequential to your relationship would be a dealbreaker.
I'm glad he's still watching
That was one of the first thought I had too. Three!!
If it’s like my store it might change. I have to check my schedule every other day because of changes
To check if someone was home? Someone answers the door, he just plays dumb and asks for directions or something.
@GroundSwellCLE @ClevelandCNBC @KingJames @mavcarter @SpringHillEnt @boughb #revitalize #ClevelandHustles #daunting task, #hustle #revitalize #clevelandhustles #daunting #hustle
This is wonderful. Hope to have him and that newly a Dad joy back on ice as soon as he's ready.
Wow. She just risked her life and interfered with the process of natural selection. Hopefully she gets eaten next time
[NAME] was sneaky and he had to being 5' 6' at LHW, very good list! [NAME] was nasty as well!
Yeah. Agreed there. Thought you didn't know what exactly this was :p
Please tell me you were buying something extremely embarassing!
> I also could care less Back to school, again.
I'll kill you.
Wait, they banned his mother from travelling too?
WHO WAS DRAAAAAAGED DOOOOOOOWN BYYY THE STOOOOOONE
@livedarts R.i.p my friend, cant get my head round this,    #devastated    x #devastated
It’s not so much that I enjoy money and more that I do enjoy scamming people.
> It's not like Bonds use was worse or anything list would beg to differ.
I just can’t. I love you [NAME], thanks for the laughs always x
I thought you were suggesting a bigger knife for a second.
And by the way, Takeru's eyes sparkling while eating was like the cutest thing ever.
I love this meme
[NAME]: I just want them to get things going. [NAME]: This is the competition!
Oh my goodness, I'm so glad you were there too. You made his day suck a little less.
No, some of us thought it was gross back then too.
It's not about the ladies, it's about the balls.
[NAME] is one of my favorite [NAME]. I would love for him to come home to LA
Are you ghosting?
Us girls are taught to always be polite. Screw that, safety is more important.
.@monsoonuk Ordered before 10pm last night, paid for next day. Didn't bother to fufill order. Now 14 working days for a refund! #shocking #shocking
Your lion's heart\nWill protect you under stormy skies\nAnd I will always be listening for your laughter and your tears
I LOVE IT, I would love if they will make season 2... I really enjoyed it
It is sad they didn't have a 4k highspeed camera running on this... I feel like the world lost an amazing possibility
Thank you kindly! I'll update my resume!
That's super fricking cool I love it
My knees shattered and my collarbone broke just reading this
😂😂😂😂 please [NAME] tell me that was in Titusville 😂😂😂😂😂
You had me in the first half
We don't deserves horses
Okay, well here's my response to people saying *"But Turkey is an NATO ally!"*: So?
Haha, willing to sacrifice eternal paradise for a taco. I'd make that trade, straight across..at least the taco is real ='D
I have cried in hotel rooms before thinking about the loss from discovering it is a lie. It's tragic and wonderful at the same time.
I'm gonna be brave and tickle the cop.
Nothing like a little bit of whataboutism. We can think they're *both* idiots.
Florida. I moved up here and chose the best hockey team in NY/the universe
And for pro-Syrian-rebel tweeting (which means anti-Western leftists): [NAME]
I know the feeling
Seriously. A lot of small businesses especially rely on federal work. I hope this gets solved soon.
It's been feeling strangely like November the last few*****
Yeah it’d be cool to pair a Young [NAME] with [NAME]
Seventy years ago, the Volunteer Army and Korean comrades crushed Western invaders. Today’s soldiers inherit the mission of reunification — you’ll surely fulfill it. The people’s army never fails the people!
> To bad everyone is to ~~weak and comfortable in their homes~~ slaving away in an open air debtor's prison to stand up to the government ftfy
I've never decided to have just one late night drunk egg
I love the snail's smile. It makes me happy :)
Oh that's lovely.
Some regions’ key departments haven’t recruited publicly in 3 years — then how did those people get in? Heh. They’ll become leaders eventually — can such systems ever be clean?
Several of the scenarios in the ad were talking about intervening when boys were attacking/bullying other boys.
All spreadsheeters are killers but not all killers are spreadsheeters 💡
Falcons fan here. I love you guys so much.
My friends that were badly injured from the first fight. Read my backstory comment.
@pbhushan1 @IndianExpress so in your opinion is this the worst delhi govt? #acrid  #hypocrisy #acrid #hypocrisy
Oh, hi, we doing a greenhat circlejerk rn?
Wtf if this is true it’s the funniest thing I’ve read all day.
@douglas_nat @one11north I need it today! Do u know how many fuckin French plaits I had to do this morn with a stroppy 9 yr old! #rage #rage
This also made me Smile, thank you
I'm not sure what you mean by 18th century family here but otherwise thanks.
Can't believe everything you see on the internet eh?
It's one of these situations where I'm happy that I'm not enough of a gimp to understand
She actually survived the incident, I don’t know if anyone has the article
I'm struggling to find what you're referring to here, could you maybe add something that points to it?
And then the sock goes into the unknown unprepared and gets lost in the washing machine.
[NAME] is the only person I've heard acknowledge that [NAME] hasn't been all that great on defence this year. Which is kinda true
Do you think humans have the sense for recognizing impending doom? #anxiety #anxiety
How the hell do you get downvoted for a submission statement on /r/TrueReddit. Title or not it is still required.
#india will take #revenge  by making 3 new movies like #phantom and they will be like #ghus_k_maren_ge this is how indian army take revenge #india #revenge #phantom #ghus_k_maren_ge
State of [NAME] trying to be funny and spelling ‘lose’ wrong
I like how nobody else is doing anything to stop him
Come on, be nice to our resident libertarian to alt right pipeline example
Didn't even think of that ><
Thank you, it's pretty helpful.
I saw the original post — seems it wasn’t like this. I’m unsure of the facts, so I’ll refrain from commenting.
> it's not the fault of the mods or uses of this sub. They are the people enforcing it. Why wouldn't you blame them?
I like the new colors significantly better. Old ones might have been some of the worst in OWL.
Four hours had passed.
Some things are best let go. Don’t fuss too much—an open heart is the best gift to yourself.
EO here. This is correct. It's folk theology, popular with some, but is certainly not dogma.
The shipping container are my friends, damnit
some one get me a damn barf bag pease !
This made me spill my drink.
Holy crap. I wish real life looked this good...
No point in getting rid of Keemun for another Keemun.
Yep, especially if the mob on reddit is any indication of the group-think that’s going on in 2019.
I’m not a republican
My hands are usually cool, and I defend them, spouting `` Cold hands, warm heart! ''
Randomly watched arrow this week and I think each year is more confusing and I didn't like it! At least [NAME] is still there and always shining!
Before I knew it I was on my hands and knees and someone close to me let out a terrible grunt at the same time.
Locking a bunch in a kids in a room with their pedophile priest is fun af? You need help.
I've had all this... except for the last part.
I feel like this anime will make me cry in the end. Damn even its opening is full of drama. Am I correct in this?
>Yes, I know that you like to talk about yourself a lot :P I do use a lot of words. It's actually embarrassing.
Tbh as creepy as this post is I was way more sexually active back when I was 16-20 than I am today Kids are horny 💁‍♂️ Idk
It's been a week of awful connectivity with @TMobile no service or only 4G is not what Im paying for. #unhappy #poorservice #unhappy #poorservice
I would go to bed early and I would have nothing to do the 3-4 nights a week I play tennis lol
This one comes up a lot just saying.
He, like [NAME] and [NAME], are better in the latter halves of seasons. Let's see if he can do some damage.
[NAME] : completely unpredictable Bunch of them were standing together in the middle of the ring lol
Bisexuality does not and never has implied gender preference. Assuming that is perpetuating biphobia.
I’m wondering the same; something seems weird about that interpretation of the law
Had to give my 11yo AfAm son this advice today: 'be polite, no sudden movements, keep hands where they can see them'. #sadness #sadness
Really love these concepts. Fantastic work. Love the work in the comments especially the green with the M.
Where did you get those tunnels? I love them and would like some myself!
The sky is actually annoying and so on (and as annoying as it makes sense. No, this is interesting how?
I was just busting chops. Glad to hear your health is better. I think you've inspired a post on r/intj my friend. Stay tuned.
But for this time, I took my heart with me, to indulge myself into the song after I seen Sarah blogging in her post; I can feel what she is feeling.
How is [NAME] fleshed out? His entire role in ep1 was that he cooks. He's about as important as [NAME].
I'll second this notion. One of the first things to go is texting when I start getting sad.
Yeah people that take money from their children don't just look at their Bank account and think "Wow a 4000 dollar deposit magically happened."
I see this as a guy making fun of a small sect of women, not a bitter jab at all as a whole
You can always view afterwards, no confidential votes in Parliament.
I wish I loved anything the way [NAME] loves playing hockey
Valium/Diazepam is much much more enjoyable than Alprazolam/Xanax IMO. I love the muscle relaxation. It feels so good, combined with an opiate,
@JessicaLRohlik you seriously need to pop out of some curtains while matt is filming  to scare the bejesus out of him.
Violence only begets violence. We'll wind up with an authoritarian despot as ruler if there's a violent revolution.
did they say [NAME] was hurt? Hes played like 4 minutes
You think 60% is shafting anyone? I think Tellius is sub 20%.
Except [NAME] is worse
Has it really been that many games? How time flies when you got nothing to play for.
I destroyed about 1/2 of them because black snakes are actually a good thing to have around. I just didn't want too many of them.
i like memes, I just don't like following rules for making memes.
In between my toes.
Is anyone familiar with what the post was about? Im guessing it was on the NYC hate crime?
Oh my god, zero-calorie Gatorade is a thing ^(i don't care how many chemicals are in it if its zero-calorie)
Are you this awful about everything that isn't your own preference?
Human life has value. Veganism and pro-life are 2 completely different ballparks morally. Terrible argument 1/10
@crazace76 it looks cool and animated well for pixel art !
I just want to be in Canada rn 😭 awe
This is great
Ugh. "I've found my forgiveness in [NAME]." Burn in hell
With some editing and photoshopping this could be a badass album cover
Maybe one is bigger than the other, so getting more t-time?
I was scared shitless.
I want this poster so bad.
We love him, duh. He's our NT captain and our ace.
Hopefully no one was sitting on his lap at the time!
>big dumb rodeo Them's fightin' words
Saying babcuck should be fired = woke gimme updoots
Didn't one of those two idiots void their visa to the US over some political bullshit? I think it was [NAME], can't remember.
I like him in Friends from College too!
Am I not supposed to have what I want, what I need
yeah. thanks for your reply
I was freaking out watching this. WTF are the parents!?
The fact that the passenger gives a thumbs up drives me crazy
That tiny shoulder pad is freaking adorable.
You will eventually end up as an awful person who abandoned her. Might as well be sooner than later!
Good to see this getting traction again. It really exposes [NAME] to be a useful idiot, and his supporters to be even dumber than that.
That's what i was thinking. Did she tell you she did?
It's very hard to un-brainwash someone. Damn near impossible
And communism wouldn't? The USSR was a master of creating industrial wastelands.
Hey now I masturbate in my own filth and I don't take kindly to being compared to these people.
"You should be so lucky." Bonus points if they get confused.
Keep spreading the word fellas. Wishing you all a great 2019, love you guys and the whole community.
I would say they do because it was a horrible accident but they were also in the wrong. The military tried to get them to disperse they didnt.
It’s so hard to be a mommy! Chasing kiddos. Work, work, work!!!
Are you talking about equalization payments? Because BC doesn't get equalization payments.
“Malicious homecoming” is too hurtful! Since when did going home become malicious?! We haven’t been home for New Year in years — we just want to go back this time.
Staff on @ryainair FR1005. Asked for info and told to look online. You get what you pay for. #Ryanair @STN_Airport #Compensation #awful #ryanair #compensation #awful
I'm sorry but also...fuck you #currentfeels #anger #bpd #eupd #borderliner #mentalhealth #anxiety #depression #confused #currentfeels #anger #bpd #eupd #borderliner #mentalhealth #anxiety #depression #confused
If you somehow survive that you go into the turbines, correct?
SHE AIN'T NO DEMON!
A grumpy old gardener in a rubber mask?
Thanks, just bought this!
Seriously, way to miss the point. Even if no liquid falls from their eyes, they suffer immensely.
The prevailing expectation is that Hulu will become 100% Disney owned in the future.
Wheres the telescope?
The worst thing about this tweet is how many likes and retweets it got
Urban villages easily spread infection — Shenzhen’s lockdowns were mostly there. Everyone has their life and thoughts; when livelihoods suffer, people group up for courage. Most here are from Hubei, but folks everywhere are similar. If they don’t protest now, after another month or two of lockdown, you’ll all shout to reopen too.
Thank you, that makes me feel better :)
Thank you so much. ❤ I'm going to be okay.
Accounting. I love the work, hate the people and the environment.
To be fair, spinners are supposed to be very small pornstars, not BBW like trump.
Not going home eases government worries — one case and the whole area gets flagged, labeling you “potential risk,” effectively banning returnees.
Good job [NAME]!
The good news for him, is that he can join one of these many wars.
In an alternate world our knees bend the opposite direction and [NAME] plays professional BASEket ball.
It always comes down to not accepting who they are themselves so it's pretty much 100% of it.
No way dude... Always make sure the dude with the camo hat is standing right behind you
What happened that she was so pissed and did this live?
I looked at Liu Xin’s Weibo earlier — the comments make me question humanity. My god, how can someone like her still have fans crowdfunding her?
I'd roast you, but someone would probably have an equally good enough roast and we would tie
Only God knows why things happen, sometimes it's just hard to understand.  #prayingforyou #prayingforyou
ugh im having penny flashbacks
You ok?
She wouldn't have done it if there weren't direct beneficial components to doing so.
@p4pictures it would be great but what if the card crashes 😱. It's happened to me twice
I once got flowers from a girl... idk why but it just feels good
There has been a lot of talk about being so open about it was her problem more than actually doing it. I'd call that defending her actions.
Not all. [NAME] is cool. If he ever runs again in the primaries he will get my vote.
Wtf you missed the Tigers 2005 dynasty
I’ve legitimately never heard anything about disabled men relying on prostitution, nor have I heard any arguments using disabled men as a rationalization for prostitution.
Sorry, but [NAME] doesn’t even compare to [NAME].
Reminder that [NAME] incel army literally physically assaulted [NAME] fans when she spoke in East LA, including children.
Actually I always idealize the end of my relationships .. Such a pessimist
Love the new song I can't stop thinking about you by .
“Got caught talking about meditation” Sounds terrible I am so sorry you had to go through that kind of thought policing.
What? A [NAME] supporter purposefully misrepresenting the facts? You don't say.
I've said it before, but yuck, kissing that bloody mouth... Watch out, [NAME], you don't know where that's been.
Sometimes it’s annoying but I think it’s at an okay place right now
Funny enough OP is a gooner
Yes! I play both, because I like the combat of one and everything else in the other.
The way him and his mom talk to each other is like a little boy and his Mommy!
Same. I can’t even imagine it
love this! makes me want to go hiking at superstition this weekend.
Thanks!!
Did the burglar win? It's fine and all that he tried sueing, if it actually worked is the important part.
Most people who call themselves anarchists are against the free market because they don't understand it.
I didn't come out [of my mother] drawing [goshdarn] [NAME]
Sure you can. A class of preschoolers can be replaced by their parents in the space of four years.
It’s really hard to watch for some people because of how awkward and... just how stupid [NAME] is in this episode
OH me too, didn’t realize it was really a thing till now 😂
[NAME], don't fucking front the pass if your help defender is [NAME] he will not help you
Yea... I'll have to pass on the carpool with a username like that
@punjabified porkistan lost terribly in 65 because of american intervation to talk we stopped
You're an awful human being.
We also turned the ball over about a million and 3 times. I'm over it honestly
Okay idiot, well it seems right wingers can't tell the difference between strawman and reality then. Thanks for confirming it douchebag.
Make a great gag gift
Maybe the [NAME] curse isnt real, but the [NAME] curse sure as hell is. We dont want any [NAME] on the cover!!
@FieldYates @MatthewBerryTMR @Stephania_ESPN @MikeClayNFL @FrankCaliendo goddamn...the 'celebrity' draft at the end was classic.
Hey fuck-o I've broken plenty of rules I just have the decency to be ashamed of it.
You can't compare general economic losses to tax funded expenditures. It would only be fair if we lost 5 billion in tax revenue.
I heard this was because of a bill that happens to go in affect during the Government shutdown.
good thing it was our only car and we worked hard to get it
Try to find the good in the negative. The negative can turn out to be good.\n #anxietyrelief  #openminded #anxietyrelief #openminded
There is something v satisfying about  opening an old 'to do'.doc file and being able to check off all the things you have done
I was expecting this to go MUCH worse than it did and I’m so glad my imagination wasn’t right.
can we all just get along over some tea
Thanks! Do you think a skeleton fort shouldn’t be too hard for a 3 man crew of average players?
Miz Cracker is the worst parts of Aquaria and Trixie. Unprofessional pettiness and shadiness of Aquaria and the slightly problematic and sometimes delusional humor of Trixie.
Doesn't like hearing the truth
@GreyTheTick But even if I jumped through that hoop, it just takes one irate netizen to decide me playing by 'the rules' isn't enough.
You’d be surprised how often that works though
Most people don't know the first thing about [NAME], so unsurprising.
“I love food! Or “I’m a foodie!”
How about we don't swear on medieval religions at all, thanks
[NAME] but probably secondly, [NAME] because I find both so boring.
🦁️ Riding the waves, chasing dreams with all my heart! ☆*ﾟ
I need to save this for hipster resistance supporters
My phone won’t let me open the article, how much did he win?
Let's say he quits or is fired (we already know neither will happen). Who the [NAME] would we pick to replace him?
You fruitcart, you oughta be ashamed of knowing that, let alone expecting anyone else to know.
But right now I'm feeling pretty desolate.
"Being able to attract women" shouldn't be the only way you rate how good a person is. That's ridiculous.
I'm cringing for you. Good luck in your future after this.
>You're worth a lot more than that and there are so many other impressive and interesting things about you. What an outrageous lie.
There are many things in this world that can’t be explained—like sudden sadness, inexplicable excitement, unprovoked happiness, and the desire to stay by someone’s side for a long, long time.
Now you’re repeating yourself. Boy bye #wasteoftime. Have fun trying to call this company and their products bunk when everyone loves them haha #wasteoftime
PIN IS TOO SMALL TO FIT 20 PEOPLE! #NEXT! #next
Wait, how do u know he is a therapist
Because they enjoy their toxic umoderated cesspool, apparently. Either way i'm done trying to care.
I enjoyed [NAME] intermission report where he was very low energy until the end when he squeaked out a HI MOM =D because he's the best
I'm going to write now that my fingers are numb from typing this all.
It would've been pretty funny in May. Not anymore I'd say.
Yeah, but you should drive to the road conditions not the speed limit.
Well tell me what happened then
[NAME] was back for a solid week and he didnt know he was attacked by a goddamn bear
I'm not ready for that so I won't believe it
Nah man there's nothing you can say to persuade people.
Lmao stopping a tracking working dog haha.
@Danger_McLovin Well done! 😀 (your twins Charlii and Cadance)
he's still alive?? didn't he die?
I'm totally the last one!
Ok, thats my thinking too. If [NAME] really only gets 180 anyone who didn't make that deal (like us) is pretty dang foolish.
Lightning isn’t about principle—it’s about money. No way Apple gives up such huge licensing fees.
Would rather not waste 2 more years of Odell and Saquon's prime tanking for a QB 2 years from now. He will enjoy Tampa
Are all the people in that thread praising SB2...SB2? They all talk in a similar manner. It's odd.
So your Dad is actually incognito. Well played.
That was easily the best one. The lyric ended, but somehow he just kept going.
Sports are fucking garbage. Basically just religion but with jerseys and beer in public.
Okay. Thanks for the information. I'll look into it once I get home.
IMAGINE ABOUT TO LOSE TO LAKERS W/O LEBRON, I FCKING LOVE THIS TEAM
“Socialism is great” — sure, let’s lock down ten more years till I finish my grand testing plan!
Where’s the joke? I can’t even figure out why someone would laugh at this.
Can I be a bartender EDIT: I make a mean Pink [NAME]
oof I hope he didn't break his arms landing like that
Still can’t blame him.... we’ve all been there
I'm not European-American, I'm a white American.
I still pick the femboi sorry
Teachers, do not diddle these kids!
not at all lol. me and my friends are makeout sluts though
The good [NAME]
I don't just cringe, I feel literal embarrassment for anyone who has watched it.
@Activehours I need someone to reply back to me immediately. I am not happy and not getting timely responses through the app! #help  #help
The [NAME] make beers? That's news to me
I love this hearty negro laugh jade and @XavierDLeau let out re:lochte 😂😂
@AaronRodgers12 You will tell people not to  panic. But let see when was the last year the best QB in the NFL got his team in the SB???
As a student in DC Universities I hope to fucking god they get rid of blackboard and replace it with canvas.
Remember to tuck and roll!
Just found out. Thanks for the tip.
So it gets flipped to him being corrupt when he doesnt side with [NAME] as I said.
Best summary of the situation right here.
@CharlotteBnntt that's the joke. I know it's incense
Post saved! That looks like a great exercise to try, thank you.
No Deal violates the National Security interests of the US, the Commonwealth. Do you expect this to be allowed to happen?
I like Chick-Fil-A but I don't go because of their political stances against gay/trans people.
The American Idiot record turns twelve today it changed my preppy middle school heart into a desolate punk rock desert I am forever grateful
You finna be nauseous as hell man, Dont stress it though just throw up
Finally someone who appreciates human life
Melissa Benoist and Grant Gustin HAVE to do a musical crossover episode! #glee origins #arrowverse #glee #arrowverse
I hid there just about everytime. Was often the person complaining about, "stop dying", and, "hide BEFORE he hits 4 meat".
Can't start a good day without a cup of tea! \n\n #tea  #day #goodday #tea #day #goodday
I love [NAME] can’t wait for the full circle version of him
@KhaoJimmy Okay awak 😆
Hahaha, good point
Yes, good for Destiny and Bungie, I wonder if they will return to Microsoft, remain independent or sign with another company.
More like trash ass link. Wtf is “Apple Music”, probably some shitty limewire ripoff.
Ah the old cross your legs to make it look like you have hips trick.
For Citynews dot ca that is really sad.
"Yeah, but did you just find that?
Sounds like fun, actually?
Howard Webb always held up as knowing the answers. No red. Sutton and Craigan raging! Hahaha
I agree with that, that's really the only reason I play pk too. Probably the reason my win rate for her is 40%
[NAME] poisoned them both
the whole summit ice r/nathanforyou episode is amazing.
Create new holidays. We need a Ralsei day where we celebrate fluffy bois.
She’s probably very traditional. Why haven’t you tried to kiss her yet?
A cheerful heart is an unending banquet.- Proverbs (Mishle) 15:16
Since when does China need doping for medals? Winning must be fair — even if others cheat, Chinese athletes must not! Sports are about competition, not biotech! No doubt he doped; clearing his name is just luck — better not embarrass us again.
Sorry, I don't get it. ELI5 please.
My heavens people are getting upset about this.
Lol I always go with public speaking ("but I'm trying to be better at it!!").
Do I make you ornery, baby? Do I?! Ok.. Yeah, I probably do now..
Brilliant post!
We may destroy the rest of the world in the process.
Good luck! Let ~~me~~us know how it goes!
Just passed a bus with an advert for Paw Patrol live on it. I need therapy after just thinking about taking miss e to it. .
So true. The chicks I pick up from clubbing are nothing compared to the love of a good woman.
I don't know what she is talking about. Therefore i will say that she is DEFINITELY WRONG AND SHOULD SHUT UP! /s
I second disagreeing that they are awesome.
I HEAVILY VIBE WITH THIS
You might not be eating enough. You almost have to double. 2000 calories of meat vs 2000 calories of veggies is a HUGR difference.
Why did he go in? Just not on the same path as him~ But reality still needs light, so it’s fine.
What I'm suggesting is that since companies are "people" in the terms of citizens united, something like this could have some interesting unintended consequences.
Wow holy shit I didn't realize Reddit has become main stream media great analogy bud
Into [NAME] [NAME] poured her hatred her malice and will to dominate all life on earth .
It's certainly not one I identify with, but I find it intriguing. Hence my starting this discussion.
Just for recreational use? Glad you are having a change of mind though
I can feel his cheeks puffing out.
“Youre”.....Seth was so close...at least it wasn’t “your”
Thanks for the [NAME] quote.
Metro and bus supervisors in Beijing do their job, but on high-speed trains, no one manages it? Is it because foreigners are treated as superior? Such servile mindset.
second day on the job and i already got a 45 dollar tip from a dude whose was constantly twitching his eye LOLOLOL
Hmm okay, maybe I was just arriving at threads too early or something before they got cleaned up...
Deng Qingming from Huangpi, Yihuang County, Jiangxi — after decades of hard training, he finally gets to realize his space dream! Go!
I'm talking about statement in 11 july, not 14 july. I think you are confused. I posted 11 july statement
What’s there to brag about being under 10k? Even 6–9k is unaffordable when most county salaries are 2–3k, and many don’t even have insurance!
That’s what the pelicans would ask for. If you were in their shoes, what would u ask for?
shouldve just given him the sum you usually pay and transfer the burden of awkwardness onto him
I agree with the last statement but apparently I'm also bad at matching pokemon to rep :(
Thanks, now where's eyebleacher?
Cause boomers know young people like it and want to generate revenue
Huh. Similar things happen to me. Just my big brother believe that I got the wrong diagnoses and Dad think I am "cured".
bruh literally same
So true.... hes my baby but I never expected his level of protectiveness, hes literally an ounce so it's pretty crazy to see
I just wanna stick my hand in it and grab handfuls and stir it all around lol
I was at this game live, right by the end zone when he ran this glorious run in. It was beautiful.
Last nights euro run had over a foot for most of the area lol. Its probably overdone but still crazy
Your wife is smart.
Not even the original
I love finding people like this because there’s always at least one
Same but if we had to write something in English class the teacher would throw a fit if it wasn't in cursive.
r U scared to present in front of the class? severe anxiety... whats That r u sad sometimes?? go get ur depression checked out IMEDIATELY!!!
A major reason is: no work means no income for the New Year. For the working class, no labor = no food. Add other pressures, and they explode easily.
Hi, [NAME]! I hope you have the best day ever! -HappyFriendlyBot
What a thoughtful and clever response. I've never seen anyone point out that someone posts in TD before. Very cool!
To be fair, people still go on about [NAME]
Absolute woo-woo.
The mood changes are semi controllable with medication (at least it’s the case for me). Please seek psychiatric help to get a proper diagnosis.
Ok but what if you hire him into a management position. He makes women feel uncomfortable and a discrimination suit waiting to happen.
One of the great/horrible moments as a professor is seeing a wonderful student leaving your university to pursue his/her true passion.
Oh damn I'm a clemson student I swore I had a flair on here
I just say i appreciate the depths of these Boiler Room vid are like this.
a guy named [NAME] had a nightmare of [NAME] getting shot at a live performance.
Loving  #Pitch so far !! 🤗🤗🤗 @PITCHonFOX @Global_TV #chills  #pitch #chills
Kind people are like lamps — lighting others and warming themselves. Kindness can’t be forced, only spread.
That's pretty subjective tbh. I loved [NAME] VA specially in the angry and intense scenes. [NAME] was pretty good too, but I prefer [NAME].
IM IN ITALY AND WILL HAVE TO STAY UP ALL NIGHT TO WATCH THIS BUT TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!
What the fuck? Why would you ever say that? Downvoting you smfh edit
I totally agree man I hope one day I can find that too
Yup. Gotta get back in there 😂 Meant to type “habit”, obvs
Seeing this trending topic is laughable. We can’t even go out now, and universities don’t have holidays. Who on earth would like consecutive days off?
Just feel awkward that I'm being timid to everyone.
Did anyone else read this and say "Fuck yeah!"?
Can't Talk To An Incompetent Person. Goes In One Ear and Out The Other. #irritated #NoPoint #MassiveEyeRoll #irritated #nopoint #massiveeyeroll
Never lost one. The black one just got trampled on a dance floor and it stopped hitting.
In a thread about six right wing American terrorists you managed to call leftists the violent ones. Incredible.
This is sarcasm. Let that friend lecture you for 1 hour.
omg you like totally caught me!!! i'm just a silly social media girl named [NAME]
[NAME] is pretty dry but he's great for down to the facts videos, I love his voice.
Did he beat all the bosses solo? If he did, he's less of a scrub than I am.
I agree with this statement
Tree house of horrors they are all great.
True enough, I just hope there are more reasonable people than not.
Can this be posted on r/BreadTube if the person doesn't pour some kind of fluid on themselves?
Come with me And you'll be In a world of pure ~~imagination~~ vindication
Apparently it’s more important to stop the rise of socialism and make America great again!
it gets better. without explanation; you just wake up one morning and you’re just happy, totally and utterly elated.
Step over #fear and rely on #faith! #fear #faith
No or low contact. I don't have time for "family" that doesn't have basic courtesy for me.
I think he's probably (hopefully) more interested in the URL of the page... :D
I think they are being sarcastic, notice the /s
105 strikeouts over 81 2/3 innings. that's good lol [NAME]
such a cute boy!
it is very clearly incorrect, and it's apparent that your descent into reactionary politics has made you fully delusional.
Still the greatest timeline tho
Moose is pretty underwhelming tonight, I miss JV
@cineworld 'Congratulations your Free 1 month has been activated' Then charges £34.80 the same month. Absolutely furious 😡
I don't understand the question. Do you stand to lose something by acting like an adult with integrity?
Lol well now you have even more in common! So happy to help and hope you can smile a bit before you zzzzzzz. :-)
I wanna see this line up... not cause I think we’ll win with them but i just want to see it. [NAME] [NAME] [NAME]
You should play PoE its a better game in every single aspect, you'll love it.
To be frank, lens and makeup really succeeded at enlarging my eyes in spite of the grotesque focus of my vision.
I love it when drama comes home to roost
No one is going to create more competition for themselves
Can’t wait for this match
This is one of the dumbest things I’ve read on reddit this year.
What a game... completely down and out at half time and then... [NAME] and total annhilation of the scousers
ffs as if tate thought wind in the willows was a serious play, can't wait to see him play a singing badger 😩😂
My elbow has some roadrash, once again through the jacket.
I hate Twitter more and more each day....the people on there are so toxic it literally makes me sick. They can't appreciate a good meme.
You must be knowing #blithe means (adj.)  Happy, cheerful. #blithe
My favorite kind of post
pretty sure that [NAME] and those defenders of staunchness the vanguard bears run any of our mentalists pretty close.
That was my favorite character... :’(
Anybody else feel super weird when you see your dad get hurt? It’s a weird thing to see
When are people going to learn that it's OK to cheer lead dance in front of an old misogynist lol
I went to college in his hometown. He's a grouchy old man who cares a lot about politics
At least they don’t say that at a funeral
I am surprised Facebook can't detect a non mobile device and redirect to the normal page.
Great night in the Midwest 200 in three hours. I hope all my fellow uber drivers did good. Happy new year I wish you the best in2019.
Hey Singapore, you’re in luck!
Is that a sattiva or an indica?
I hope the keyboard warriors can go easy on him. He once fought for many honors for the country. No matter the outcome, he’s still someone to be proud of.
This is pretty misleading. The drop is in comic sales profits for Star Wars and Marvel. They're not failing, they just not as profitable.
@slashersocial #horror H3LL I SURE DID!!! LOL\nHappy about this decision. :) #horror
today has been terrible but tonight will end better because I get to see Malik ❤️
Can you please suggest this name to marvel for the next super hero movie? That is all. K. Thanks. Bye!!!
This is amazing!! I love it!
Yeah I think you understood my issue then
I might be having carrot cake tonight!!! I love it! And that coffee sounds like the perfect pair! Enjoy it
The most important thing to #bestrong is to hold your #anger #thoughts #bestrong #anger #thoughts
Can you fucking not
It’s oddly unsatisfying when someone beats me to saying that.
Watching football matches without commentary is something that I rejoice, found a transmission of City’s match like that today, joyful.
In my room 101 would go  Russell Howard,Tom Odell,Michael Buble!!! #pants #nogood #dire #pants #nogood #dire
Motherfu... thanks for pointing that out!
Freedom? Not in New 2013 and it’s gotten a lot worse since
Whoops! My mistake
Thanks a lot
but that’s exactly my point lol you get better at those things, the scary factor affecting skill learning becomes smaller and smaller
What an absolute moron. Talking about characters everyone and their inbred mother knew would be back. His stupidity fucked him over.
I love this because she doesn't even start out well and end poorly- it was bad the whole way through.
I'm not. He and I still thrive. I hope you're doing alright.
Yep, just PC this time, sorry
Yeah. That was my point.
Way to go!! Thats something I hope to be able to do some time in my life again.
Never seen stone abbreviated, so was a bit puzzled.
Did you guys use condoms before? Or was it just the mental hurdle of knowing you weren't taking any birth control?
@indermethil True. We were rejoicing the fact that we signed a quality young CB but we need one more at least. @MarcBartra ? mebbe :P
Love the username
Stage 10 horror was reminiscent of Rio Oylmpics...route horror, weather horror, crash horror, abandon horrors.
Well if you already bought them why throw them away? Use them up and don't buy anymore.
I know, I know. I tend to have that effect on people
The staff there know what they're talking about whether or not you're making money, no matter how difficult will be huge. you are not alone.
I meant that you're funny, not that you've got a weird life
You’re an asshole.
You sound like someone who doesnt know what ironic humour is.
I love his reaction. "That was amazing"
I don’t think Bethesda is there yet but the next move they make is very important on deciding if they end up on that list or not
Attempted years ago. Blocked by crooked politicians in bed with InBev and big beer. Gross.
[NAME] got heart
We dem boys.
If [NAME] is his idol, then we got ourselves a boi with a winner’s mentality
What, again? This stupid country!
ah #lost #mah #train of thunk. #lost #mah #train
No, those are called natural monopolies. See: particularly the writings of this guy:
This thing going to be a boon doggle. The last thing NJ needs is another mall.
He landed badly on his shoulder at full speed. Definitely wasn’t nothing
No, but when you're family sees, like, 12 books of it, it can certainly make things awkward.
Because he was really really hoping people, even strangers on the internet, would think he was a doctor.
On top of the animals listed, you can also unfortunately see foxes in Oatley Park closer to sunset.
Yeah but it's fun lol. Hes banned a lot in NA also.
Shaming. Lol
Here is the original post
Lol I lol'd *I too am down with the kids. But not like that because that would be illegal*
I got the results back on the 11th, and my doctor said that she did not find anything wrong with my spine or back bone.
If my mom were still alive, she'd be so pissed at [NAME] being in this cast.
At what point do we consider arresting people who arm themselves in order to oppose legitimate, democratic decisions by force of arms?
There are levels of survival we are prepared to accept.
No mercy, if there is any man left inside you than walk out now.
Lmao Chicago coach is letting [NAME] die, their backup would probably fare worse to be fair though
My stomach felt like it had a hole in it.
i used to work in that area. my god, what a complete & total sh*thole - and even then, there are worse places
[NAME] is that guy downvoting everyone who doesn't think we should draft him.
r/rareinsults also i’m surprised this guy isn’t fussing over the “it’s” instead of “its”
Why did [RELIGION] take inspiration from stoicism and neoplatonism and aristotelianism if outside sources are verboten?
Haha, thats brilliant.
why is this hard to believe it’s totally believable
For a long time he had no experience of going to the later rounds. Now that he has been there, he hopefully knows better than to be wasteful
Such a sad way to think of life all because these people believe there's something greater than this.
Bro that’s very nice. I like it.
Guilty... waaaaay over sold myself on my resume about 12 years ago.
Say what? I don't get the joke - is that the founder of the MLM? Are you talking sexually or financially *railed*?
Hes literally making 15 an hour
Couldn't really fit this as a "how to," does that mean I have to go to jail now? Source:
Was it a quad-core or a six-core? I always find my Apple easier to eat if I turn it off first.
I come downstairs and see grandma at the dining room table.
@TrueAggieFan oh so that's where Brian was! Where was my invite? #offended #offended
Well it was just an educated shot in the dark but glad to help 😊
Most countries function as a faux democracy I think. Especially in the USA whereby Congress takes lobbyists money it becomes more of an oligarchy
Couldn't agree more.
Oh I should've checked there wow I'm slow 🤦
Cheers to you
Serving us Ornacia!!! Honestly though I love this look!
I would if possible but we are a flexible bunch.
Oh well maybe your cousin gave his account info to someone lol.
#lol #funny #comedy #sarcasm me: i don't care :)\n\nme, one second later: *starts crying* #lol #funny #comedy #sarcasm
Thank you for that. I just want to feel safe secure and loved just once.
I hope you'll be feeling better soon, friend
I think it’s a bit more complicated than that, it also would appear I may have been misunderstood.
I bet there's something delicious in there that hornets do make
Lol, ..probably not. But then again, i never wanted to know what blue waffles were and somehow i do.
Thank you, and same to you. I was a single AP once, it was lonely. Do you see other people?
I don't see how a NBC journalist's departure is relevant to the SCW, especially since he didn't cover Syria on the ground.
agreed....seems that due to plot force shes starting to slip
After obediently cooperating, I was taken out in the middle of the night for transfer to the Asia International Hotel. Then at 11 p.m., the hotel called and told me to pack up and leave immediately—I was literally left on the street. Before lockdown, I had been cooperating with epidemic measures, doing daily tests to keep my 24-hour green code. During lockdown, I stayed home as told, even kept garbage inside because no one came to collect it. Yet I was still thrown onto the street.
I’ve got bad news for you about NFL locker rooms if you’re offended by homophobic slurs....
“Oh hey, I think a second ago [NAME] just put a move on [NAME]! Oh boy I wonder how that was.”
[NAME] is for real. This is gonna be his league in a few years imo. Great pick.
I mean I'd rather have play him in the infield, but either way someone will get injured and [NAME] will play the infield.
“Inside sources” really don’t help the story even if this is true
Good dad, manipulative son.
My car door was still open so running into the street after it like a moron i tried getting into the car and winded up missing and getting stuck half in the car and half out getting drug across the street and finally ending up in someones yard when the car came to a stop after rolling over my foot with the tire.
User name says you are a scumbag [NAME]. I’m confused
Being a broke college student doesn’t help😂 thank you for taking the time to listen though it’s really helpful lol
Lol...I was thinking the exact same thing.
We do? Strong disagree.
And girl I love your perfume there's something bout you 🎧 #breezy #breezy
That actually gave me goosebumps. This is all the communication we need.
[NAME] loves playing in Toronto
Apparently we are tragedies!
And that was more or less the manager's position on it. He was obviously trying very hard not to call her stupid to her face.
Oh yeah...family chantel!
They dont build up unless you get points though do they?
Both consenting adults so nope not creepy
ugh.......
Isn’t it against company policy to sell things in the store that have nothing to do with Starbucks
If [NAME] was looking out for him why did he let him get into the accident in the first place? Guess he wasn't paying attention.
I was going to say "too lazy to go down to the basement to do it" but then I realized this isn't the north.
What I’m getting from all but the second is that mothers have become less abusive to their children.
Wow, if I hadn't seen my mom's cat recently I'd think this was him! I hope you find the owners
Could this be an indication as to how the majority of the country wants the law?
Shut up why do you even care about what people choose to do with their bodies lol move on and keep living your miserable and ignorant existence.
@BeenishParvez salaams ma'am, how r u ma'am? May ALLAH protect u from sadness, illness, harm &amp; nazr-e-bad. AAMEEN. Stay Blessed ma'am.
I'm doing all this to make sure you smiling down on me bro
I am more comfortable here at the Dove House than I was in my own home for 24 years. This is HOME &amp; I am very grateful. #dove #indy #sober #dove #indy #sober
This sounds like revenge, not karma.
Starting at 22 minutes, this week's @bestshow4life is straight-up paradigm shift level mirth.
Hi, will mumkey jones be unbanned?
There is such a thing as too big, but this ain’t it, chief. Any bigger I would probably agree.
Good on your manager for having your back as well
I might be alone here, but it was probably Blame Game. I don't think I heard a rap song with that much emotional intensity before.
Watching a curvy figure isn’t vulgar. I’m just curious — if there’s a big bulge on stream, is that fine too?
You're not getting more benefit, you're getting the same insurance plan, it just costs more.
Ha! I actually included that on purpose, was poking fun at me (and the typical MS3) :)
@Austin4evaLEEDS fuming!
Wow, I wish we had info on which counties have it the worst. Was that in the article?
Interesting — editing aside, “isolate then detain” is confirmed. Such officials are truly terrifying.
I'm sorry man sounds bad
Nah it's not that, [NAME] is just boring and sad
If you are not going to kick him out, then don't complain. It is all your choice
100% scam
All children should be given the option to learn about how to effectively use the rights they’re entitled to.
>happily live in any hole they find. What's my love life got to do with this
Yeah. Basically Sky Germany and Sky Sports aren't reliable at all
it's embarrassing you think that pact is an example of them getting on well together, especially considering the millions of deaths that followed
I'm glad we picked a coach who's shown he is great at developing our young talent which is the true focus of this season
The loving mother referred to her son as "the one with acne". He's better off.
So get a job and leave. It's just going to get worse. First the tv then you. Get out while you can
Dying like hero’s. What better way to die than saving the world. You’re right.
You didn't want to have sex with anyone before you turned 18?
Ah yes three of my ~~best friends~~ worst enemies
Yeah, and [NAME] is not the guy he initially accused of murder. I'm not sure what the confusion is here
This is actually a really good idea
Me too, me too.
They're taking one for the team, those brave creatures!
If it makes you feel better im gonna be scrubbing out hard for a while so maybe ill see you round to give me another loss
Folk Band 'Thistle Down' will be replaced by 'The Paul Edwards Quartet' at Laurel Bank Park Sat 24 11am - 3pm due to ill health #jazz #blues #jazz #blues
@ibishotelsuk @ibisHotels_FR @ibishotelbr @ibishotel @ibishotelBDG @ibishotel1 to give me my keys back. They aren't for my house! #shocking #shocking
"Best prank ever" :) One of my favorite moments.
It's like...I knew where this was going and I still laughed.
CLG, because I love Biofrost. Especially against [NAME]. They really are still friends
I'm in awe
Its fun to draw in an empty space.
GNC women?
I am scared that I would lose potential study time by seeing him. And worse if I end up liking him too much... :(
I like mother lode in weho. A bit loud but actively un-douchy.
It doesn't matter if 99% didn't vote for him, it only maters that he got 50% +1 of the seats.
Thank you, I love Heart and Zeppelin and haven't seen that till now.
$9?! Yeah you git ripped off, hope you kept the receipt pal r/sarcasm
@antoboyle I so wish you could someday come to Spain with the play, I can't believe I'm not going to see it #sad #sad
Ya it’s Bamas league to lose every year
This is not fun
Ooooooh I wanna try it now!
It's a photograph with one of our greatest ever defender and captain. What's your problem?
so painful to watch ugh im excited for trade szn
I really hate this jersey and it just doesn't seem like a Sabres logo despite being the most accurate to the name of the team.
@washingtonpost#Trump's #fear &amp; #anger are similar to what #Hitler preached to come to power in Germany. Wake up America!! #fear #anger #hitler
I can't watch Isco rotting on the bench and LV playing instead.
Is it supposed to be this arduous to interact with other people? I'm 'other people' to them and they don't seem to struggle.
I’m in one of those schools now got offered weed yesterday almost bullied into smoking
No comparison—In the Name of the People peaked at 8+ ratings, average 5+, double that of The Knockout.
I play until madden comes out, play mut until I get burnt out then go back to mlb when it comes out
It is pretty disappointing when you can't pet a service dog that's cute but the rule has to be followed.
>more money than you I seriously, *seriously* doubt that. >doing something before this guys are outta the country Prove it.
Omg a drop pass worked. 👀
You're late, I'm not paying for those
Haha that's so true!
That man has such epic face
Well I heard advice everyone to listen to this episode it was extremely interesting.
Eh my doctor isn't a GP. She knows her shit.
Call your legislator and complain. Ill-mannered public servants tend to fear politicians more than they do lawyers.
Well being very close to the border, I know lots of [NAME] and your guys' hugs are always warm!
They mean staged. This video is portrayed as a real occurrence. It might be, might not be. Don't really care.
I explained exactly why they’re authoritarian. Businesses are literal plutocracies.
A little girl recently died because her parents refused to get her medical treatment and insisted [NAME] would heal her.
#America finding #gratitude amidst the sadness and frustration about race, #fear, anger and #racism, i remain hopeful _ i'm an earth fixer' #america #gratitude #fear #racism
If you leave religious pamphlets that look like money instead of a tip, *you're about* ***meet*** *[NAME]...*
my eyes relaxed, and i relaxed for a while.
I'm sorry.
I don't think cryptocurrency is ready for such using. Although in Asian countries like Singapore or Hong Kong it's quite acceptable I guess.
Lots of lies, deceit, and manipulation.
Both only suffered minor injury and both were quite intoxicated.
Sub... chill... I see what you did there...
Oh shit I didn't even connect those dots!
Thanks!! I missed all of this.
he refers to marijuana as a narcotic. da fuq??
People date who they find attractive, and fuck who they find attractive. That’s it.
My condolences.
For real. I get tired of all the griping. Deal with it or get out.. or start a freaking riot and make changes.
You fucked up. You trusted them.
Such a lust for friendship! *Whooooo*
I'm so bored and fat and full and ridiculously overweight and rolls galore
So then it's my turn. Soon as he says hi I just burst into tears lmaoo I was so overwhelmed.
My brain's dead weight I'm tryin to get my head straight but I can't figure out which Cheerleader i wan na impregnate.
Always interesting to hear how dom mechanics kinda seep into other relationships lol
Anybody think maybe we’re the mystery team in on [NAME]? At this point I wouldn’t be surprised.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @kana_blender #lively #musically #lively #musically
WE ARE NOT FACEBOOK
I see, good one.
Lol what a terrific audience. Maybe rich people saying "come beg" is kinda like wtf bro.
Seems in line with the marines trope.
Make a super sweet piece of jewellery
No dude! Don't you get it?! Women are like cats! /s
That's the kind of person who'd fuck up making you a plain hamburger. That sack o' shit needs to be sent through a wood chipper.
Thank you for your help
I've gotten injured before in RTTS from being hit (Bruised hand). 3 day DL.
Meghan is teaching the blues in keyboard fundamentals II and all these classical majors are like WTF?!
No, it's not that one
He doesn't actually run a 4.49. It's a little deceiving because he's pretty sneaky, so I can understand you being confused.
Thanks for not running our prospects in the Pre-Season anymore!
That's gorgeous!
You're telling me you don't get excited when you see a big hit or players drop the gloves?
You're just a fuming democrat and all I hear is angry democrat mental gymnastics.
OMG I totally forgot about that episode. What a nightmare
My legendary jerk off closet.
It's almost like the whole rationalist thing was started by an overconfident person.
Haha yeah actually they don't feel that good but life does involve sacrifice.
I admitted to myself that I had no other reason to think [NAME] was real. Kind of tough to stay [RELIGION], after that.
I love you raccoon go blazers
I would prefer this over her being a completely random person, which makes no sense and was a tremendous misstep in this family saga.
"THESE SJWS ARE RUINING TABLE TOP GAMES" oh wait that subreddit is /r/kotakuinaction
my little dog:: 1 / 12 / Jane, originally uploaded by sarah...... a heartbeat at my feet.
mirotic is beal now?
In an unfunny situation you made me laugh, so thanks 😅
Lucasfilm never once said he was ancient or all powerful. [NAME] did, but that was an actor trying to build up hype for his character
eggs last forever
Hope you too can do what I strive for — always pursue what you love and work hard for it. ----
Look I also love dragons, but this is just not a dragon, ok? Have some Toothless *hugs*.
What happend? I dont get this video. Is there any sense in it or just some random talking?
Wait and do what ever it takes to get [NAME]
Ok cool, thanks
I'm surprised he survived the primary.
But huge in the market 👍
Both but which one being the most used isn't really important.
If you don't get that hook one shot combo with hog now, it's over. Not looking forward to that when I play Hog.
When [NAME] and [NAME] left because they were a bit too male, I guess. Get woke; go broke.
Pretty sure that had been upped to at least 10k subs. It actually might even be higher now.
@lakeline I still find you pleasing.
these [NAME] impersonators are getting terrible
>Most likely lassaire stones. [NAME]. [NAME]. The bane of gemologists. Glassy garbage.
The fact that entities go around violating rights is not an argument that we should keep them.
Forgot to thank @_JusDee_ and @djolder for sharing @therealpeela's day-making #happy video. #happy
Gore magala is my favorite monster in mh4u, you did an amazing job!
That’s better:-) now go get em tiger
What the fuck [NAME]! Are you easy to talk to? 29 years and you didn't see it coming?
You wear a wedding dress for me once, and I’ll dance for him all my life. ‪ꔛ‬☆*ﾟ
At some point in the season the whole bench is about to do it lol
Get help immediately.
Conflicting scents in the house of cinnamon sponge cooling and tamarillo chutney cooking. #sweet #spicy #homemade #delicious #sweet #spicy #homemade #delicious
Move forward fearlessly, cherish every touching moment, capture every bit of beauty — you remain steadfast.
[NAME]. Haha r u [NAME]??
Yeah, so many accidents occur because people don’t know what to do in the event of loss of tire grip.
:( disappointed, i expected to give out personal therapy cats.
Ik I’m crying rn
I see... that's a shame, but I guess we're comrades until it comes time for the 8th revolution or so
Actually [NAME] had the #1 PP who bazooka [NAME] fired lol #1
Implying Capcom has any idea how to balance a fighting game.
I'm sorry OP, every single thing on that list is incredibly wrong. I hope you're doing well now.
😂 Poor kitty.💗 I can hear that howl and see that face! You betrayed her! 😛
I should have known better, its obviously not a juul. I was just happy to see Oliver Tree tbh
Gross gross gross!
Thank you for being proud of me!
How’d you film this and what type of microscope/camera did you use? This is great!! Thank you for creating and sharing.
I don't care what shape the blues are in. \nWe owe them a fucking hiding. \nLong overdue on that front.
i'm so poor i don't even know any horse girls
If you sober better roll another Dutch or if u don't smoke nigga better pour another cup 🍁🍾...
Good luck.
Day 3 of #harvest16 - listening to the sound of the chopper working it's way closer to home at @mountaindairy makes me #happy. #farm365 #harvest16 #happy #farm365
Love this show :)
Hopefully that's patched soon.
It’s true — so cold-blooded, even livestreaming it. I just happened to scroll by. They knocked over barricades, tried to break through, even overturned a patrol car — and spread rumors about attacking our volunteers!
I dont know.. i did message him many times but he didnt reply me.. i am worried about him. I asked his mother about him
Oh thank you!! Yikes.. you came here for support and I'm sorry I dumped a bit. 😊 You too! You have an awesome 2019!
Ah. I thought you meant ads in general. Sorry, bud!
Oh no the poor man
Thats not him :( the most recent comment literally starts with "i'm not a dude"
If you are at the stage where you want to quit then all you have to do is believe you can quit
That sounds simple and good
Now this is getting out of hand. I'm freaked out by this death...and I'm God!! #mommaGrendel #intimidation #mommagrendel #intimidation
I am not... Coast guard is not getting paid right now. I am sure they have families depending on that money.
Rouge Park is federal.
I need no throwaway.
If we can’t close these type of games at home, we don’t deserve the playoffs.
Wait is this the original template where all the satire comes from?
If you were still here you probably heard mine! He’s a coonhound and likes to sing
well we all know what a complex meal sandwiches are! hahaha
There aren't really any consequences of an alignment change.
Have you not seen a lotion and toner before?? My [NAME].
The details on this building are fantastic. If anyone gets a chance to see it up close, you definitely should.
Only issue I have is that tiramisu is a beautifully layered cake and all of that is hidden by the container
It's a bug, don't listen to the pets people. Everyone is just a little to excited.
Not my opinion either, but the soundtrack is easily one of the best parts of the game. It’s incredible.
Maybe go to the gym and lay off the tendies?
Only joking, love the show and almost any meme involving it gets my upvote. 👍
Yes because people constantly use that as an example of "TSAs failure" or a TSA miss when in reality TSA wasn't even involved
But well need large plastic bags, I dont know where to get those.
I didn't leave town this weekend, knowing it was going to rain ( thus my volunteer day today w / the homeless ) whilst my shoulder is all jacked up and clicking.I think I pinched at nerve at the gym.
Every time I get a staff kill, it feels like seeing a shooting star <3 Yeah, it definitely sucks.
For a second, despite the title, I thought you were pouring coffee creamer on yourself and I was confused.
I just made French toast!! Chili for lunch/dinner.
Maybe this one is more correct? Yours don't have Amarillo in the billboard
I would feel like the biggest idiot if I made your comment.
What? They all like Kingdom Hearts on Oneyplays. They just make fun of how ridiculously stupid the plot is.
this, from the good the bad and the ugly
Oh my bad, i didn't know, thanks for telling me!
You should probably use that time to make a decent argument not the other thread then, I'm just going to leave you here .
Some of my posts got removed because of rule 1 despite them clearly being about [NAME].
There is something terrifying about petite crazy girls. LOL. The scariest girl in my middle school probably weighed 90 lbs. Everyone was scared of her.
Doesn't look like any 12 year old I've ever seen.
“Acktchyually, America is a democratic republi, not a democracy. That’s why giving some people five times the votes of others is ok.”
The old driving range?
Yes! And the one who embarrasses you by dancing and singing in the car while she's driving you and your friends home.
Of course it is. If it's called #bellletstalk. Not #letstalk. #bellletstalk #letstalk
B + A? Is that [NAME] and [NAME]?
I love this meme, killem with memes
Oh yeah? Name one nature reserve or park and how will the wall affect them?
We had 3 whole pallets of this one doll and I'm like "wtf" so I checked and the location said 8000 something lmao.
Thank you. That was driving me crazy. I thought her response would actually be her correcting him.
Actually mommy needs to grow up and manage her own feelings.
He was playing with absolute garbage teammates, and the one year he was on a decent team he had 44 points in 48 games.
I used to get messages from neck fetishists a lot because I have a long neck lmao I didn't even realize that was a thing
I pirated this movie last night and can confirm: it's truly awful. Not just lacking in good, but *aggressively* bad.
People who eat themselves to death are mentally ill in my opinion. Homicide is a deliberate and unlawful killing of a person by another person.
Fair play, thanks for educating me 😊
Happy new year to you too! :>
Why was this post removed? It wasn't even bad.
I love humans
For some reason I find these charming 🤷🏼‍♀️
great weed, terrible vaccination rates.
All this confirmation makes me suspicious. I wan't my innocence back, internet
Destroyed property is the same as lynching someone for their race.
At my age all I see is gray. Is it gray because of my bad eyes or my perspective #depression  #healingjustice #depression #healingjustice
Uuuuh I bet they look sick :D
Got it. Sorry you feel that way man. I hope you find your own way to impact the game or enjoy it next year.
Great story, but I'm on PC and didn't get a chance to play ;c.
Haha, only one species. More the Cockatoos
MORE OF THAT PLEASE NORMAN!!!
@gardiner_love : Thank you so much, Gloria! You're so sweet, and thoughtful! You just made my day more joyful! I love you too! 😊💕
I gave the show a chance because I enjoyed Bad Education. AP Bio is pretty bad compared to it. Hopefully season 2 improves.
I gave him a hug and told him how glad I was that he was okay after the police assault. He’s amazing!
Yup that’s what people don’t seem to realize.
This cracked me up!
You need to tell the poor girl it was you not her lol
@ManUnitedWriter He has had a dreadful first half, not to mention rashford would've got on the end of a couple of those through balls #pace #pace
> I'd love it if [NAME] called for it when he's hot but he doesn't. And *that* is the problem. That what [NAME] was saying.
What? Can anyone fill me in I’m confused lol
Video games are great, but sometimes it’s nice to unplug and play a game of Jenga with your cat
Good idea, brought to the table by a questionable at best minister, likely for the purpose of shifting focus away from his failures.
You can read online if you want. I don't recommend it, but you can.
Especially the jellies, they come up so fast!
Such a beautiful smile! I can tell from your eyes that you’re a good person, and very sweet. I hope life treats you well.
Self-selecting user ratings are not a reliable representation of the entire audience. They are meaningless numbers.
Say you ate something or say things they cannot measure.
Wait, what was [NAME] doing?
Unexpected Funhaus?
I bet you're part of the gangs sneaking illegal, murderous drugs to other countries just to keep your family better fed than someone elses family. Fucking psychos
Oh god [NAME], stick to your day job whatever that is.
Cue uncontrollable giggles.
Not so. The Gao siblings’ lives vividly show how China’s justice system struggles amid rapid economic growth, facing inevitable dilemmas. An Xin’s career was stripped down to mere faith—yet that faith sparked hope.
I blurred the names of the others it's about [NAME] being [NAME] 😂
You're lazy
Good idea. With the power of those two consoles combined we might be able to get the fps up into double digits
Make fun of them all you want; fact is they won during the regular season when we couldn't.
The Donald raiders are the most savage of the bunch, they not only downvote brigade but also annihilate civil debates
Same here. It’s very hard. I really feel for you.
I'm not sure they know the difference between a mandate and legally binding.
Damn that was super fucking good.
I compleatly get it. It makes me not trust people over the littlest things.
😂 MIL would never have the self awareness to understand the double meaning but I think it's hilarious
Don't worry, with a lifestyle that requires them to have a new hip before the age of 20 they won't be making it much further.
Are you pro fracking?
Are you an ENTP? That sounds like a pretty ENFP motivation to me. You don't have a flair, so just curious.
I mean [NAME] rookie of the year thing. Lol am dumbass Just a misunderstanding.
They won VEGAS not the PRO LEAGUE QUALIFIER. Stop trying to bait me
When you're too stupid to realize they showed off character customization in the trailer...
Wtf are United doing, shocking defending
Sorry but what map is Adlersbrunn? Edit: Ah nevermind I see (after zooming in, it is the [NAME] map)
Fuck that. Anyone who makes a career out of spreading bullshit to morons is worthless trash.
It is. You generally need 5 down and 5 up to play reliably. Also wired.
I wonder if losing their majority in the 2019 locals would shift the Unionist parties’ position?
In need of a serious nap rn
*gets crushes on fictional and animated characters instead if real people*
It's far too busy
What did you use to kill them all? Sorry I’m kinda a noob
What do you get when you cross an #apple tree and a #pine tree? 🍎🌲\nNothing. You can't cross-pollinate #deciduous and #coniferous #trees. #apple #pine #deciduous #coniferous #trees
Fake lous!
Nurse is by far the most loyal team mate we have!
What kind of response is that it's so shit
[NAME] would have cost [NAME]. I don’t blame them For saying no to that.
Wow amazing, anyone know where can I find more at higher resolution?
Can someone put it in slow mo
I hope they meet someone who changed their name to Dad
I've heard of alligator boots, but I always thought that meant something else.
I am just asking for job-advice. I have dealt with this condition for a long time, and know what medical therapies are effective and feasible for me. Thanks
I hate this arm swing thing. Either try to sync up or just stop doing it.
Nah, black bears are big scaredy cats Now brown ones on the other hand...
A blanket. My friend crocheted me a blanket a few years ago and I use it every day. Love this thing!
> since he was the one to take it away from [NAME] last season [NAME] didn't deserve it last season
You okay bro? You seem emotional.
True. Guys who are legitimately ugly (a facial deformity) don't even have the chance to make an impression.
Life is half clarity, half confusion. Letting go of control may bring quiet joy. When lost, wander softly; when sad, drift in thought.
@EmmaHobbs1 I did that! 3 days later my order isn't even in the same postcode as me #fuming #fuming
I hate how much I love these and the Banquet brownies. Only redeeming part.
this comment made me very nervous
I honestly think he’s making fun of you
on the subject of meltdowns, stay calm yourself and try your best not to escalate them.
Fake Fans in hiding now haha
Don’t get me wrong. I laugh so I don’t cry :’)
They’re looking sharp!!
And btw... I really did stay in bed all day today. #depression I hate being lied to, fuck liars. -w- #depression
I regret this knowledge, give me back my ignorance damn it!
Can we also get some love for torb? Give his turret deployment the same treatment while we're at it.
@MMASOCCERFAN @outmagazine No offense but the only way this makes sense is if you work for the magazine. Otherwise,who are you apologizing 4
Her eyes are so dark u can barly see it lol someone should have told her that
But we're just trying to diffuse the tension and teach them about peace!
I guess I'm just too nice to people and I gotta learn to start sayin no.
They're passionate about different things.
I'll chase you till the ends of the eaaaaarth, Shooooooooooooooooooooooooooocker!!!!!!!
Now I get why his videos are always on this sub. He's posting them himself.
Not even slightly.
Oh hey this is pretty awesome! I've never seen such a concise itinerary on one page before.
I hope your struggle is worth it. Stay strong.
@iTriborg — make him feel vigorous. 'Fine. You can kill me now.' Said Hestia with a display of only despair rather than her joyful —
The front page caught my eye; on it was a lengthy list of medical conditions, some five hundred or so altogether.
Somebody reverse this please I would be so happy.
I say, covering my ears with my hands and cringing into the door.
Ur right. It was a loose comparrison.. I hope i got my point across at least.
Do both, son. Do both. You will find the fame you seek.
This makes me want Lancaster to be cannon! It’ll probably never happen though😥.
I want to SO bad
Ah, didn't read the comment that way, my bad
That couple were jerks. I am glad you made them move.
@mywrldsbl I can be your wolf if you want. Hihi~
Use a damn rubber
It's amazing the advantage that you have when you advocate for the ruling oligarchs.
Vegan gamers, rise up!!!!!!!!
[NAME] pissed off the establishment when ripped off the insurance company and pleaded the fifth.
Now that Ravi Shastri is finally appointed as the head coach, it'll be interesting to see whether Kohli finally stops throwing his tantrums.
So sorry that was his response. I hope you're able to get free soon so that you can begin to heal and move on.
Can I stay with you if I fly down next season?
But there are no cases in my hometown, yet my workplace still refuses to let me go home. I haven’t been back in two years. They want me to sacrifice my small family for the greater good.
“Set a goal to achieve something that's so big so exhilarating that excites you &amp; scares you at the same time.” \n― #BobProctor #bobproctor
Wasn’t around during Freelyread’s time, but I’m only hearing good things here. Come home Freelyread.
Agree on the last point. My INTP friend's ENFP is immature since she's still young. Gets jealous at every damn girl that approaches... Sigh
You basically already know the entire series for how much they've talked about it and how brazenly they spoil it.
@humeraslam @MehrTarar @sherryrehman , yes, already he spoke so many lies with timid body language. Baluchistan could have been his own trap
I like how she spins away it's too late.
I don't think I can go to work tomorrow since val has left #GBBO I need a day to mourn #gbbo
@PuseLepuru it's the irritation of not having found the corpse
Poor fellows. They're expecting food
No. No it isn't. Its a bad sitcom joke.
I'm stealing the tv tonight to watch the [NAME] tapes. He hates serial killer stuff
thanks [NAME], very cool! i’m just gonna off myself tho. brain hurty juice hurty my brain too much
[NAME] should be used to getting booed by Yankee fans though.
This guy is bigger than [NAME], maybe. But I've never heard of him.
Be careful, it’s a slippery slope. Alcohol isn’t fixing your problem, it’s just hiding it.
I left home for Beijing because I couldn’t stand “public servants” bullying citizens. My family ran a shop—I saw too much growing up.
I used to fantasize about my morning oatmeal. One packet of instant oatmeal. [NAME] dreamed about it.
Shhhhh, you just have to belive it isn't yellow, just lighter blue and everything will be fine.
People’s shame and cultural oppressions regarding sexual behavior is responsible for all the world’s woes.
:) i like it
Would be a good idea what deal labour wants.
He only said that to piss [NAME] off because he wanted her to kill him and put him out of his misery. He’s a good guy.
>Emotions like this will get you killed. That is too bad, considering I was planning on living forever.
I hope you’re okay. I’m here to talk if you need someone
Love you too
He’s a very annoying person and illogical can’t work with someone like this
Yo gurls Dm for a tribute 😜💦 #snapme #dm #nudes #tribute #cumtribute #cock #snap #cum #swallow #snapme #dm #nudes #tribute #cumtribute #cock #snap #cum #swallow
I'm the same. I prefer sad depressed dudes and idk why. I know I like taking care of people though..
Class topper meant something way different when I was growing up lol
[NAME] is so frisky this season.
Just be sure to take some condoms with you.
#Hope #youngins #mentalHealth balance crucial to our existence sustenance of life-not too much sad albeit we wish #happy perpetual,it's not🤣 #hope #youngins #mentalhealth #happy
But the battle dynamics are sh*t. Every other ME is better in that respect, especially the squad AI is bad. Really bad.
And they wonder why they don't seem trustworthy. Maybe someone should tweet about it and they'd notice.
always try to avoid triggers - my last 12 day streak was suddenly toppled by a trigger - no urges and then, suddenly, a *massive* urge
I like the hints of purple
The police were called.
And riding one makes you look like a man trying to be tough during his mid life crisis.
Glad to hear it :)
...oh absolutely! ...it's really bad if they're having a mania episode...
[NAME] is super happy. Nice.
I did those things in real life and I've never had a single nightmare. Face your fears.
Bad timing for [NAME] to say this just now.
Block the number, avoid your parents, and cut the toxic people out of your life.
I met him! He graduated from my high school and came back when I was a freshman to talk to us in PE. Really nice guy.
I think they honestly don't realize they're self-contradictory. It's not your ordinary, everyday doublethink...
It had a rough start but it really came around.
“Freedom, and gentleness. All I seek in life — love and freedom, you and tenderness.”
I really love [NAME]
Can you blame us after the article?
Dude, I can't express in words how much relief this man brings to my soul.
Do you have the MVP Giambi card? The stats are nice vs [NAME] but he hasn’t really performed like I expected
I feel like the last two seasons made me detach from the show.
what to wear Friday \nspeaking in front of 100's.
@BattleSmitten \n\nother begin telling a 'story' he realized that she was making an attempt at cheering him up. It was sweet of her and so ➤
At last, someone I can share this accomplishment with!
Considering the role of hypergamy, men and women being on equal footing actually makes things harder for most men.
Nah, I'm a straight girl infiltrating this sub because the memes are so spicy
Waiting until Saturday or you test the method on someone sick.
"I don't know I don't know I don't know..."
Congratulations! I'm sure your shoulders are much lighter now. You look absolutely gorgeous, keep killing it :D
Oh fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck RIGHT OFF!!!!!
They are both owned by the same parent company and they probably wanted to get their money's worth since Taco Bell isn't really prevelant in EU
I'm sorry your trust has been that badly broken.
No. Or at least that’s what I suspect🤔
The ~~cis~~ transphobes. Not all cis people.
If you can't see how the mass killing of Landlords is related to Communist ideology, there is really no point discussing further.
@AnneMarieIAm Heard #alarm 1. time in Germany today #youFM, TG finally .. and far far too late. Germany always late w UK artists!!😡😠 #alarm #youfm
I highly doubt he's still her friend, and i would be surprised if she remained friends with [NAME] if [NAME] chooses to stay with him.
It was a dark, awful feeling.
I never understood — Coconut Palm is a good brand. I’d buy it without these weird ads. Why keep doing this?
Haven't played in forever, but [NAME] solo was my jam back in the day. Glad to hear damage tanks are still good
During the last Shangrao outbreak, I had just returned to Hangzhou. The community called and said it was fine. I took the initiative to get a test, nervously asked the nurse what to do since I’d been to Xinzhou District, she said “It’s fine, not the same area.”
Came here for the [NAME] reference, was not disappointed!
I'm so sorry, please stay strong and know you're loved
What interests do you have?
Capitalism coerces all of us into exchanging labor for money. Respect all hustles of non harmful types! 🙌🏻
Hoping LSU can kill 2 minutes and 20 seconds of clock here and not let UCF score more...
Aladdin is my jam as well! :D
@MrsTaraX @PlateGotAte YES! I am rejoicing
There's a lot like that though: I don't think so.
I love your your moment, too many favs I but first that comes to mind is [NAME] finally suits up as [NAME]
Forget it — it’s just returned for resubmission. You think that means entry approved? Did you even read the document?
The huge attention paid by powerful male republicans takes makes a lot more sense when you consider this might be what they thought it was about.
Of course he does lol. Not very often, but he definitely has to block from time to time.
Carlton back to back wooden spooners. Champions of the bottom.. :)
Nah, you’re totally one of those MAGAmers. Your comments could’ve come straight out of the subreddit.
I dunno, "Lobbyist" and "Senator" seem like mighty fine jobs
Do you misunderstand what “noble character” means? Giving up compensation alone doesn’t define it — true virtue is multifaceted.
Why am I crying alone in my room rn
Yare yare daze
[NAME] is 110% 24/7/365 all the time Swag, I just can't fathom.
He's done nothing to earn trust either. He got ran out of Miami
@syd_viciously I have gained a tremendous amount of respect for @RandPaul over the past couple of years.
Lol, same! Except that I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder
This is an interesting opinion that I want to brainstorm some more. I'd like to see a study on how global warming would affect Canada's habitability.
I literally point out the same thing (along with everyone in the YouTube comments) and get downvoted to oblivion. Love it.
The StackExchange network might have turned into an elitist playground but it's damn good for finding a fix for your problems.
yep. And there are jobs I still would want done, they just shouldn't be government
It'll be hard to surive on that wage in Vancouver. It's expensive AF here.
You have a long and amazing life ahead of you...you're beautiful 💜
THANK you. They don’t even know how they sound
Like I might've set it down on top of my car &amp; if so, that shit is long gone 😭
This is why I’m afraid to fly.
So now... yeah. I'm home again.\nStill feeling mixed up inside &amp; kinda gloomy. But a little more optimistic that I'll figure this out.
I like the head bounce. He can ask the concussion to hold his beer, it will be strong...
Not everyone left of you is a lib. You're arrogant.
Hi, [NAME]! I thought I would stop by and wish you a wonderful and prosperous year! Have a good one! -HappyFriendlyBot
This kid is one of the best passive aggressive insults ever. I love it.
Omg is this that what older kids call s*x?1?1??1??
Oh shit lol I forgot to put “ashamed.”
Grr big company BAD "They can afford it"
I love the lady in the green jacket chasing after the second car looking back at the first car like "look what you did"
@kohara19 It's a rare land octopus. Be very afraid.
She said she wasn't going to be at school for at least a week.
I know that, but it just reminds me of darkest dungeon too
Fake news! but really, that's awesome to have a parent that actually understands how to teach their child accountability.
It's good to know that I'm not the only one lol
Just start bullying the people who you're getting microagressions from. Shoulder check all of them if you have to
me, eating my sandwich, at 12:30 AM last night, after fasting all day.
Lol ok. So saying a garbage clip doesn't belong at the top of a gaming subreddit makes me a [NAME].
Today has dragged on #restless #restless
Idk for fun?
Interesting, I did not know that. Thanks for the TIL! Could you recommend any resources that discuss this further?
I'm afraid I'm gonna have to go with what he said about an hour ago. Unicorns. He just ruled out any sort of
I'm so sorry. Read about you getting kicked out at home. That must be devastating
Ok this New England accent not so fun!!
Are the ones playing now ready ? If so they are very terrible. Rather we play the players that are not ready
Because you can totally decide what's harrasing and what isn't for other people.
He suddenly realises that's not his house.
That's a weird answer.
depression sucks😔
An other skier that wasn't injured I guess
Very Cool.
Who spends the whole night there? One or two hours max and I’m done
Well Played
Probably not making good pass decisions.
I kill them all and THEN overwrite my only save. I'm bonkers.
After the first sentence you were my best friend. Then came the second sentence and now I really don’t like you.
Hahaha thanks. I didnt notice the spelling dammit. Edited now.
If someone dares act recklessly, they must have backing. Who backs the mayor? Just like in In the Name of the People—trace it all the way up to vice-national level.
Omfg. I meant [NAME]
[NAME] ROASTING LIBERAL CUCKS COMPILATION #43 #43
Let's see, cash register ink, well that's a business expense isn't it... But then I do enjoy the smell... Better not risk it
I love this!!! You got it!
Street Samurai Koji and Ojiisan Koji are my personal favorites. Greased Lightning Koji is pretty fun as well.
I couldn’t ever get into Morrowind, unfortunately. Oblivion spoiled me with its quality-of-life improvements over the predecessor.
I take it they want to have sex with 🐇s.
Thanks so much, appreciate it. She actually wanted to read CES letter with me tonight, we really about a 1/3. Will post update later on.
Wait what are the stereotypes? As a bi male I'm a bit curious to find out what others think in like.
Do it. There's no better way to learn something than to ~~write a book~~ draw a comic about it.
Seeing something like this without the usual “Wii music” is so... odd
I want to see the human equivalent to how happy this dog is
Especially after the debacle with [NAME] on "if you like your plan, you can keep your plan."
Because, “nah you guys go ahead”
It hurts to snap out of that denial and face the truth your loved ones are dead... I guess.
This guy doesn’t like fox hunting because “toffs” do it. As with all policies of the left, it’s grounded in jealousy.
Oh? Why'd it reply here not the comment? Did i mess something up?
@CCGaryRoberts community policing!!!! What's that?? #lost #lost
What a beautiful response!
So, so good
@politico @realDonaldTrump another angry white man!
“I’ll never step foot in a gym again”
Looks like the other driver to the right was predicting that to happen. You can see the brake lights come on the SUV.
Nearly ten years ago, I bought a serviced apartment in a small county for ~10k/m² — it stalled mid-construction. Finally finished, but owners’ protests killed a government or corporate buyout. Great, 300k down the drain, I don’t live there, vacation area’s far — ridiculous.
Vote every one of them out that was quoted as being upset about the wire and not the corruption.
just give me platinum and go to sleep ♥️
Griefing your oponents is amazing fun in a pvp game. *Cheating* to grief is the problem being addressed here.
This was happening to me in my relationship. My boyfriend was later diagnosed with BPD and now talks about his trouble with intimacy and sharing feelings.
It was so ballsy. I still shake my head, thinking about how....tactless it was.
Young people should be like this! Effort should never be dismissed under any circumstances. What kind of values are they promoting otherwise?
@FakingALeto Gerard finally made it up the stairs with a little huff, his face a little more red than it was before. Having little legs --
Also seem not there any fighting games in this tournament...
Can't wait to take family pictures 😩💜💜 just so excited to start doing fun things with my babies 👨‍👩‍👧
Grats man. I hit my second live one today coincidentally! Feels good :)
“I am so sorry! That was not my intention at all. My apologies” so charming. They do give you warning though
Nonsense. China immediately opposed the lottery system. You haven’t even watched the movie and you’re already criticizing.
Poor show was way too ahead of its time :<
I heard of people doing that in the dorms freshman year and hadn't thought of it since. People said it worked.
Good shit chivas
[NAME] wasn't accused of sexual assault
This is almost irritating. Like, take a breath, shithead..,
Tommy John is an amazing brand for comfort
Strange how you know they are 16...
He wasn’t just a good boye He was the bestest
She finally found home
.@REDBLACKS’ Chris Williams: 5 yards shy of joining 1,000-yard club. Bowman (1,279), Walker (1,168) &amp; Roosevelt (1,095) already there. #CFL #cfl
Omg yes!
I bet he took down his USA flag to put this one up instead lol
Just another day in the life of a Scottish football fan remembering that Sky Sports are absolutely shocking I suppose.
Searching for someone to date ― on Tinder, at a bar, through friends ― can feel like an absurd nightmare. Or, at least, a series of
Men and women praying side-by-side doesn't make Israel any less of a [RELIGION] state.
Thank fuck they died... I mean rip, so sad 💭🙏
Yep, famous German basketball player. 7’ tall.
It is true. But the real reason for the problem is the selfishness of the people.
Beards are great for stimulating the lady parts.
You’re right. With IDs coming temple desk workers will look an awful lot like TSA workers.
I hope that's all it is. Didn't see him take a hit or anything.
7 billion people doing things realtime is not to be underestimated
Is your friend a carny? It’s okay if they are in just curious?
in many cases both. but this has nothing to do with Japan. You can't stay on topic, can you?
What scares me is that now that this happened, they're going to try and find ways to take women's phones away from them.
Someone obviously has not had a good experience with anal sex. But I appreciate your advice and sense of humor at least!
@excalibater I'm very shy irl and lately I feel like everyone's doing their own thing and I don't fit in anywhere and I feel lonely :(
You're a good man, [NAME]
Those backpack leashes suddenly don't seem so bad
Please don't ruin our self-deprecating-humor cope.
Of course, life get’s better. Just keep on keeping on and I hope you do change your mind.
You seem pretty upset about this. It's not an email it is a formal filing. It doesn't surprise me you don't understand that though.
That’s awesome! I’ve seen this video tons of times! It’s one of my favs
No! but they seem awesome!
Technically, going 1 forward and five backwards is still a 4 step backward defecit so they are not moving forward
The secondhand panic and embarrassment I feel from this is astounding
Everyone hates guys that talk shit and can't back it up, don't start shit when you suck.
Most importantly, their first bill was to reopen the government. Period. I won't bother insulting you because I feel sorry for you.
Hahahah this is one of the dumbest thing i ever heard. Thank you for sharing and giving me a good laugh
> I can give you a mouthful... Kinky.. Lol
I’d keep at this line of dialogue but I’ve got to rewind some videocassettes, sorry. Carry on without me.
im 16 if you want to see my dick snap/kik me at hiya2247 😘 #kik #kikme #snapchat  #snapme #horny #porn #naked #young #kik #kikme #snapchat #snapme #horny #porn #naked #young
Aw Thank You.
Of course not.
@BartholomewD It's -terrible-! We're going to the local fish/chip place in Kirribilli #terrible #terrible
And feminism, the movement that started with fighting for the right for women to vote hates elections.
Why not lemons?
Wow, the cropping on this shitpost is as bad as it gets.
If I controlled rewind, I would want ###**TO GO BACK TO A TIME WHERE OUR CONFERENCE WAS ACTUALLY GOOD**
Vr chat is free and you can play it without vr
Lol this was cosmetic. Thankfully both of mine are alive and well.
I’m thinking so, since the sides are spiky and somewhat serrated.
I'm confused. If she remarried isn't his income counted as support for the child if they intermingle their finances?
The food you are putting in your mouth is causing obesity. Stop abusing it. A higher body weight is the cause of your increased risk of ILLNESSES
I go to her pictures and see the image of what was in my head right there in front of me...
I don't swallow toothpaste idiot
It really isn’t hard to put your chat in submode like every other pro player does.
Happy Birthday shorty. Stay fine stay breezy stay wavy @daviistuart 😘
I've always encouraged people to check out far-Eastern Oregon... like Boise.
Wish me luck fellas need Houston +8.5 to win $1700ish currently 113-114 Come on gambling gods
And people say Guangzhou isn’t inclusive? From “Guang Kanda forever” to “Hubei Village” — you only see favoritism toward locals, never when outsiders are treated well.
Anyone else feel like [NAME] came dressed as [NAME]?
A lot more potential than Crowder. Maybe not my best comparison
Love frank and moody together
No? This is literally saying that a wall would be useless, unless you also wanna build 40-50 feet beneath the ground.
He was credited in commentaries as the inspiration for Cletus. I always loved the way he just wants that dog.
Seriously, I’ve been catching and loving this one since it first came out.
So it may be occasionally a little more time, I heard their juice is A+ quality at a great price.
it's a good thing they had a screen protector on it
Oh sod off.
It's ephemeral. It deteriorates in quality from the second you finish pouring. It isn't going to be framed. Enjoy the moment.
Done. Good riddance. Thank you for your comment
Yes, we did.
epic soy moment
When did you apply for this? The new AFI was published Oct of 2018. Have you already PCSed from Korea?
@moocowward @mrsajhargreaves @Melly77 @GaryBarlow if he can't come to my Mum'a 60th after 25k tweets then why should I 🙈  #soreloser #soreloser
Still love you [NAME], get well soon :'(
I don't even know what this is referring to. East Midlands airport? Please post a link.
Also: - more snipers - another stealth hero This makes my top 3 of what would make the game even more fun.
They hated [NAME] because he told them the truth
But it's her turn!
@LmRyle @tomcolicchio @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @ajjaffe I understand your concerns but look at her foundation contributions
This is amazing!!
@eliroth ya know I love ya man, but #TheGreenInferno really fucked with my head....(giggle)..do it again. #epic  #ineedtherapy #thegreeninferno #epic #ineedtherapy
Yes!! I have noticed this so many times. Like it will just pop up after I learn it.
New year home boy. You can still change. If not, 2020 is your time to shine boiii
Hope for the best but still work as hard as we can.
As per, they’re being slammed on social media. Their response and justification of it being from seven years ago is contrary and lame.
That season 2 opener was great and completely unexpected.
I'm just going to do what r/soccer done over Christmas and take it off.
I had a GB in 1999 and it was worse than birthing my son. I would have loved to have had the sleeve....
Im so unhappy
seems like an odd time to post this
It's literally not. I love that people believe it. I'd like to see any info showcasing it.
If you get called #shy this means you are #considered.Turn those #negatives to #positives Quote #MarnieMcCormack from @jpmorgan #womenintech #shy #considered #negatives #positives #marniemccormack #womenintech
I think the mushroom photos are a joke about his penis.......
Why are you nervous about getting fired if you aren’t doing anything wrong? If I were an employer firing an employee would be my last resort.
Sure but what are you basing that off of? If [NAME] is the best jump-ball receiver, wouldn't that make him the best red zone receiver?
Mate, you're proving my point.
Did you know that [NAME] got shot in the head while shooting AND HE KEPT ACTING
You forgot our dear friends from Paris
HAHA WE ACTUALLY ARE TERRIBLE
>outsourced independent contractor Dude there is no way [NAME] knows these words.
I didn’t know this was a thing, thanks!
Why do we gotta wait for a week just for the devs to fix their mistake?
Not fifteen minutes into class my stomach started hurting.
I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.
Bless his heart $ < 3 Warnings: smoking, swearing, ridiculous spacing ( apologies ) I leaned thoughtfully against the brick wall outside of the studio, feeling the cold, rugged material of the stone press against my back through the black military blazer I wore, as I took a drag from my cigarette.
Orange man bad ----- > Treason is bad ergo, Orange man is treason.
Well at least we won't have to spend as much time watching this.
You know I’m sad the [NAME] hype is over because I actually think he’s been really good for us overall. I still trust him.
Someone get us a [NAME] version of the [NAME] nice lead meme!!!
Oh man you sure showed me, good job champ
when all I want to do is relax and chill and all she does is bounce off the wall yapping their mouth too much.
Love pasta. Not a fan of cosmos. I’ll take an aperol spritz though 😍
good lookin out bro
A 'non-permissive environment' is also called a 'battleground' - #MilSpeak #hilarious #milspeak #hilarious
Not [NAME]! He had 0.9% kick to selfs so he'll probably keep bunging them in from the goal square and not getting any stats.
@ChronAVT ummm, the blog says 'with Simon Stehr faking 7th'...I'll expect an investigation forthwith. This is an
> I don’t know what you’re up to, but I also don’t care. Stealing this 😂😂😂
ok so that was fucking sick
Yes the achilles gave out and so did my hopes. I miss brandon :(
I'd guess if they could do a basic blood panel (chem-7?) that would be a billion dollar idea.
Haha I've got a mild case of UC, maybe I should be more dramatic about it and use it!
great!! thank you
Oh, I know. I just don’t think that will go over so well. Lol
Haha, my family is exactly the same. We must have the horrible eyesight gene I guess.
Finally, one win for the war on drugs!
All the bright places :(
Not super subtle with my water tool on top though. Thank god for my backyard!
Chernobyl incident has scared everyone to death about nuclear, I'm curious where we would be if that never occurred.
Good point, I never thought about that. I guess I don't see enough commercials regularly to separate them from just other company agenda videos. Thanks!
You all need to move the f out of your parents house!
I remember just feeling sick watching this, [NAME] made me cringe hard, I found [NAME] hilarious and ru looked terrible
I mean. Wtf is there to do online. GTAO had a shit economy but at least had things to do
Psst...If no one sees you while eating it, you didn't actually eat it
That's a better love story than Twilight!
This. Thank you.
anyways so i apologized &amp; i hav rly bad anxiety guys so i just wanted to get out &amp; start my errands so i did &amp; i had to ~uber everywhere~
Any food shortages will be caused by these idiots each buying 38 tins of beans a few days before we leave.
This is how far the Broncos have fallen. They no longer command the best and the brightest. Now it's .500 retreads. This should be concerning.
dude different folks different strokes. don’t kill my buzz bro. happy new years!!!
You better have done 3oh!3 proud and twisted
I saw at least one user on this forum talking badly about [NAME] for missing playing time.
That is pretty small damage. I wouldn't fix it either.
Be glad you don't know the answer.
That sounds really helpful, thanks so much
Wow, great news bro!
I can't even celebrate my wins or mourn my L's cause first test week is that busy 😕
You're trying to send your 15yo sister and her Bf to jail because she annoys you? Tell your parents you need therapy.
Clearly not well enough
Not quite sure what was really dickish about my comment aside from the seems fair part.
Now you move onto personal insults. Well done O king of the waffles. Once again using a word (nuance) with no context. Bored now.
'we need to do something. something must be done!!!!!'\n\nyour anxiety is amusing. nothing will be done. despair.
This is more like Instant Karma. The schadenfreude is strong with me, here! Wish I could upvote this twice! :)
I wish I could see [NAME] slipping on shrimp
Only 2 days ?
There was a swath of terrain in between two apple trees that had been tamped down.
He claims the starting job and we make the playoffs, I think it would be hard to argue against him.
What is dutch crunch bread? It sounds delicious!
the laycount is legit buds @IAMTHESmoothOperator
*Go and encourage yourself. You can do it you piece of shrewd.
Wait...does that mean they acknowledge the 100 million figure? 👀
my parents did this for 8 years. apparently it’s a lot of fun
I've realized my anxiety is at an all time high when I'm in my office. I feel prisoned here and I pick up on bad energy.
Lol you know what makes me happy? All of your guys negativity. Keep it up everyone :) it just makes me happier
oh, what an unlucky woman, that mother of his...
Enjoyed pulling moves, if you can find it. Was a comedy very Belfast centric though.
How about French speaking parts of Africa? Legit question, have never been to Africa. Every airport I've ever been in has signs in English.
Twenty some years ago, while I was pregnant with my son, TLC aired shows like A Baby's Life. Oh, the old days...
ROI for that is too low. Truth is customers are willing to put up with shitty employees.
Also [NAME] just tweeted about voting for [NAME] as well, they truly do love him
@AerLingus #business class #Los Angeles to Dublin #destroyed luggage #60 day customer response time #unhappy customer #business #los #destroyed #60 #unhappy
> Then and only then might you receive ~~a tip~~ **whatever change we have leftover from our grand expenses.**” FTFY. Sadly.
China cheating the rest of the world is horrible for the economy and society.
Don't forget 2 test yr #smoke #alarm, #carbon #monoxide #detector #batteries. It could save your #life. 🐈🐩 #Lovinleeds #smoke #alarm #carbon #monoxide #detector #batteries #life #lovinleeds
Is it my personal responsability if I was scarred for life due to abuse as a child ? IS IT?
I ain’t your pal buddy.
@rockcock64 cum and despair
I’m clueless unless someone tells me straight up that they’re into me. But this may just be me
I'd rather just make the playoffs and worry about winning a series once we are there. Also, I like our chances against anyone except Tampa.
So we not gonna talk about that zone spam 😂
I do take Vitamin C, daily. I purchased some probiotics yesterday. Hope those will help.
It's so gloomy outside. I wish it was as cold as it looked
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. #FocusX10 #motivation #motivationalquotes #quoteoftheday #focusx10 #motivation #motivationalquotes #quoteoftheday
Definitely, I'd do that. The league pass deal isn't awful though.
@F1abraham holy shit...what the hell happened to your lips!! Fix that shit! #mtv #teenmom #horrible #mtv #teenmom #horrible
will do, thanks
I hieaa i just trip out how your lds and not know or here. Nevermo here a d hears when i was a kid
But when my mom told me yesterday that it was looking grim and I started driving out there, I was told to turn around b/c she was too sick
It's not a recessed center, there's an edge cut out around the outside. It's from the melting pot, best fondue restaurant!
Happy Birthday [NAME]. You wont read this message but itll be here.
I don't want [NAME] to lose her job is all. She's a rare teacher who loves her job and students once you help her out and all..
im so gloomy today
I wouldn't wish anxiety and depression even on the worst of people. It's not fun. #anxiety #depression #anxiety #depression
Since the 'update' my @iPhone loses power nearly 40% faster.  #furious #furious
That baby needs a smacking
Its 1:23 in the morning and now I wanna go load a bowl
2 days until #GoPackGo and 23 days until #GoGipeGo..... I'm so excited!  #gopackgo #gogipego
Oh shit. You’re that bet welcher aren’t you?
Nice try..Hulu exec.
OMG she reminds me of Ginger from Ginger Snaps! I'm in love!
your aiming muscles are just weak, they'll get stronger with time
How many guys did they have on IR? I think their top 2 lineman at each spot were out at least. Hell, they almost beat us.
2. I hate to say it but it’s the same thing I do and I hate myself for it
Sadly my boyfriend's family is the direct opposite but we'll still make it work :3
I did find most of it to be not so fun so I got into the JOI stuff and that helps a lot
Banner price is down to 100k donuts. And I still don't have enough..... (sad face)
This cheat... what would that be? I may have made a choice I'm currently regretting.
Well good luck and have fun!
There are 649 voting MPs, so some were absent (or abstained??)
What kind of place is that? So many people without IDs? Most without ID cards are probably fugitives — murderers, arsonists — and not just one or two.
Stupid sexy squidward
Fair enough. I'm probably thinking of someone who still has some semblance of shame.
Is it public? Are they aware of what's going on *all the time*? It's not as cut & dry as you think.
Ya I’m not opening any PDF from The Company. Rather get my malware the old fashioned way....from porn.
Found my flair.
I hope she's ok and that doesn't impact her life, career or hobbies
God damn, [NAME] gets 2 Mikans? Lucky.
Np good luck!!
Uhhhhhh, damn son
Oh true I remember seeing it on Spotify’s charts for weeks. It’s terrible.
[NAME] is amazing...
She's one among 435 members of the House. You're giving her an awful lot more authority than she actually has.
My crypto was pending when the site went dark. We'll see I guess but I've kissed that money goodbye in my head.
The weird part of our "rivalry" is that some people bought into it.
GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE RUDY
ive been looking at buying this exact knife for like 6 months.. how is it?
Big thanks to OP for that magnificent wall. I guess that we can reopen the government now.
That’s what I have been doing, I’m glad I’m doing the right thing. Thank you for your kind words.
Eat better.
[NAME] will be too bust keeping him alive to worry about the dead.
No different than people making a big deal about their team winning the super bowl. People find it interesting.
When they stop showing literally every big Viking loss in these games.
My mom sent it to me so I knew it was bad but I didn’t realise it was already here
Is that good or bad?
They still make VCRs? This makes me happy and I’m not quite sure why.
Shenzhen implemented a 7-day citywide lockdown in March, which immediately controlled the outbreak. Due to its location, sporadic cases continued, but with precise control, unaffected areas lived normally. Each time, spread was prevented, minimizing impact. Even in locked-down areas, basic living support was excellent.
@seantkin @coachella @RomanDanielsXXX @kodyknightXXX I see my 'eliminate the hanging tongue' campaign is a dismal failure.
I left her off because I tried to keep the list to people who were in a little earlier than her.
Thank you. Give her and your other doggie extra kisses for me. ❤️
I was not made for this world. #empath #unhappy #empath #unhappy
ahhh yes, that post from 2 years ago with 39 upvotes, remember it like it was yesterday.
Hands down one of my favourite VA's and a main reason I go FemShep or play games she's in.
Yeah. Unless you live in a desert, ditch the scarcity mindset. It can keep you in relationships that aren't any good.
It is actually out on the steam store right now.
My mom and I do the same exact thing. I hate it.
@MHChat Childood experiences can  leave you with permanent deep sadness as adult  it can underlie everything #MHChat #mhchat
Never hurts to double check but it can doubly hurt to not check at all
I didn't know of [NAME] before I saw that episode. I fucking love that man and have watched an unhealthy amount of him since.
It is pointless to work for under a dollar an hour, that doesn't even cover the cost of their transportation to and from work.
Wow so much younger but he sounds mature
Ahh okay, that makes a lot of sense. But you're totally right, we've just gotta work as hard as possible.
Sanctions are immoral and don't do anything but cause more human suffering, disappointing to see that this sub will support them, but not really a shock.
That seems crazy that you can't hit higher frame rates. I can hit 80fps consistent with a 1080. Something weird is going on here.
My favourite book, the writing is beautiful. Very much a precursor to 1984.
Almost in tears watching him celebrate, true captain ❤️
What bothers me is not the fact that someone disagrees with my lifestyle, it's that they constantly go on and on about..that would annoy anyone.
I don’t believe so. I got it when the Dead Sea Scrolls exhibit was in my city.
As ~~a very attractive person~~ an animal lover Monkey Heart sounds kind of cute to me, too bad these racist people use it as an insult
Because Reddit. The other day I got downvoted because I said I liked The Office lol
would love to see a win here
It’s like they’re in the middle of a pissing contest.
new genders about to drop doesn’t strike me as a bad joke tbh.
sweet home alabama
> I refuse to believe facts
Not terribly many of those jumping fences in the UK I think. :P
oh! I have more ships this time! Niice!
See also: "Useless College Degrees From Prestigious and Ridiculously Overpriced Universities"
Xingtai, Hebei, is applying blanket rules—many low-risk areas still require 14+7 quarantine. The provincial and CDC hotlines can’t be reached. Is there any leader who can handle this?
I needed this laugh like... damn. This comment is just as good as the OP and the OP is pretty amazing. 🙌
Hopefully created a monster. Also, I killed the morning at work.
If we're bullies, what does that make police who actually arrest people for rape and pedophilia? The final boss?
"But Aunt [NAME], I don't *want* to send Grandma back to Italy!"
that’s actually sad, feel bad for him :/
I love my state sometimes
How you ask? Simple answer, by voting.....or not hence the importance of voting
Oh [NAME], even if I had a bf I would be ashamed to have him do that for
I heard Movie Bob was furious about the Skittles analogy. He was upset that there wasn't actually any Skittles.
[NAME]* I'm not mad, just dissapointed.
[NAME] is seriously in the top 5 best female characters ever written for TV.
You mean your WolfDog Hybrids? Kidding.
...starts Jan 1. "Published Jan 2" Way to hit that breaking news.
Okay. The wall that he's mentioning. What wall would that be? ***on the border?? Oh my! Big surprise***
I'm nauseous
Pm me the discord info
its ok, glad i watched the show, i enjoyed it.
I love [NAME] as much as the next [NAME], but seriously man. Whatchu doing son?
#Muslims  kill people then terrorism has no religion . If a #hindu kills a muslim then we are hindu terrorist #hypocrites  #muslims #hindu #hypocrites
Yes, he did.
He showed how easy it is to get into a team and gain fame.
A knock on the door and my heart litarely stopped for a good three seconds.
Interesting isnt it?
The furthest thing from my mind and likely everyone else since you’re the first to mention it.
significantly, with a #bitter smile, 'let me #bitter
Hyde Park was beautiful this morning, frosty grass and the morning sun just catching the trees enough to make them glow.
She’s a disgusting snob.. Feel bad for the workers. :(
[NAME] was my favorite. And I liked [NAME] her first season. They both suck now, so damn hard.
Way too much fuuuck
I'd like to bridge the divide between Right and Left Twitter and say that the new Tweet truncating thing is fucking awful.
I've grown to love this idea the more I think about it. It'd be amazing if it came down to [NAME] and [NAME] as the final two
DDR is enjoying a bit of a renaissance at the moment, thanks to DDR A. Hopefully this will lead Konami to considering a new home release.
*lo and behold
The first guy had his balls covered, he knew.
If someone keeps #laughing at you, don't #fret  . At least u r giving #happiness .'\n#quotes #quotestoliveby #laughing #fret #happiness #quotestoliveby
> or just explore the zones to grab quests. Sounds like a terrible reward for exploration
So looks like it was gang violence?
Damn straight.
I'm a walking ball of stress and anxiety lol
Me, because I'm a narcissistic bastard.
Shootouts aren’t our strong suit. Happy to get out with a point though
After Ohtani, I can't bring myself to believe any of these unverified twitter rumors again.
Independent fact checkers have gone over Wikipedia and it turns out it is of higher accuracy than any other encyclopedia.
Just curious is this church a “ministry” with multiple branches worldwide with a “general overseer”? This sounds all too familiar.
Idk why but your comment in particular made me audibly crack tf up
Alot more common in NY City.
Trust me, all is sometimes lost.
nice looks like I hit just about hit the sweet spot, thanks
There was a red burn mark on my chin for a couple of weeks.
Scripted but funny
I'm not ready, I'm not ready, I'm REALLY not ready.
I grew up there!! Moved away 20 years ago but still my home. Hope you're having fun .
Steven universe is a kid’s show that is also aimed at adults. A very intense 1 hot episode aired last night and people are excited.
It's hard to not love guys like [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] though.
@Lillie_Billy don't worry me and my mans @JJB1Owens gave him a piece of our mind
For some reason, I thought this was one of his Bros trying to save him from her.
Before last New Year, I went home from low-risk Haidian to Dandong, Liaoning — still got quarantined. Other cities didn’t. After 3–4 days, they changed it again — 7 days. Wasted over a thousand yuan.
Its not about not making the All Star game, that's for sure
Warning to all new comers, you are likely to experience Delayed Onset Muscle Sadness.
Now, we've got a good size-family, so this would mean things like inviting one cousin that she'd met, but not their parents or siblings that lived out of town, etc.
Until the downvotes roll in and you become glue :(
I miss you big strong daddy
Thank you. I hope things get better for you, and I believe in you, too.
@RiRiMathew even when we're fighting I'm laughing. I probably have serious ingrained issues😂🤗
Mob mentality makes it worse. Four man SWF groups are generally, by far, the most toxic people in the game.
she looks so happy and well rested
damn. Thanks!
Literally everywhere. There's nothing especially Texan about any of this. I heard all of this in freaking SCONSIN.
Well shit, then it's just like [NAME] wouldn't let me complete a maths degree just because I'm ideologically opposed to this 'algebra' thing!
It kind of surprised us how much of a feeling of control it gave us.
[NAME] and [NAME] are ok because they were devout [NAME]. Like they hate secular music.. but U2 is worshipped by a lot of the 40-something [NAME].
good start [NAME]. MORE! MORE TRADES! GET WHAT YOU CAN! SELL, SELL, SELL! #BurnItDown #NobodyIsSafe #ShapeUpOrShipOut #burnitdown #nobodyissafe #shapeuporshipout
It's soccer. He was faking the injury anyway.
Thanks. We'll do our best :)
Thank you! [NAME] is a character that means a lot to me, and it makes me happy that you like my portrayal of her.
i luckily became really good friends with one. we definitely helped each other process our pain from him... so surreal how well they spin those lies
Good luck friend.
would be US Biggest error ever
So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains. Ralph Waldo Emerson
very pretty lady.
for an lgbt person to tell someone else that how they identify isn't valid is so sad and against everything we should stand for
It's some freaky stuff for sure!! How legitimate do you speculate the experiments are?
Thx man just reached grandmaster by doing this, while edgewalking
Yes, especially if it's a party being held for someone who's older than newborn No No
BLESS THIS WOMAN AND HER EVIL FAMILY
She's a person of color, they instantly hate her lol.
Don't be #afraid of the space between your #dreams and #reality. If you can #dream it, you can #make it so #afraid #dreams #reality #dream #make
>*fellow* 18-year-olds Hmm.
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. –George Addair #ThursdayThoughts #yourpushfactor #fear #life #quote #thursdaythoughts #yourpushfactor #fear #life #quote
The only thing keeping me warm in this subzero temperature is my fucking hate for [NAME].
A whale would probably choke to death if it tried to swallow you.
Exactly, you have no clue whatsoever what you're talking about. I've never had an argument with a brainlet quite like this one, so kudos.
What a shamefull, unequal, dangerous and worrying world we live in nowadays! #terrifying #Charlotte  #shitworldforourkids #terrifying #charlotte #shitworldforourkids
I shall now write an abridged version of the second chapter: Chapter 2 I blinked and rubbed my eyes.
Oh I went balls to the wall and got SUPER SPECIFIC!!!
Come here, let me do whatever I do with it. #dismal #dismal
then explain to me why everytime I post reply to u/955bsp, in an old post, you start spamming me
Free will is about not having to justify everything you do. It's about spontaneity. It's about doing things just because.
This made me smile. I watched it on YouTube.
Too obsessed. The only other author I read is [NAME]. Now I post on sports subs too
Actually it's quite hard to decide without a proper reason. Under what circumstances do we have to do that?
For the love of [NAME] do not ever link that again
I knew I'd find it.
So what happened is she tried to rape you
I swear to [NAME], if you don't use vinyl records, you're THE definition of "The Complete Douchebag".
Her mom and grandma are worse to deal with than her.
There's no way ye should go for a second referendum. Go for BINO and limit the damage.
I'm not sure if [NAME] is visiting the Podesta pizza party.
I love that logic "I don't like it so it must not exist."
That’s another unfair accusation. I spent a lot of time trying to reach an understanding with you.
I will mate. No worries.
We accept the love we think we deserve - Perks of Being a Wallflower
I'll put it into context. I love DBZ. I hated Battle of the Gods + Resurrection of Freeza. I *fucking adore* Super Broly.
This is about as close as I can get to singing IRL. It's fun.
Also Republicanism is a belief system. It's taught and handed down like religion. Conservative talk radio is its evangelism.
All the best!
Yeah, at this point I just keep of off anything remotely related to what Im playing/reading, its just too easy with the internet these days too be spoiled
People talk so much shit when I say [NAME] is just a fast as [NAME] again, [NAME] just barely wins
Fox News is generally not what I would call credible. Any other links?
I don’t know why they bother with it.
First, some background: i am a male, i live in Latvia, my father is a hunter and we occasionally go hunting during the weekends.
@TDsNation only good thing in madden is DC
Shouldn't it be NAA?
5 years for a guy who will most likely break down physically before year 3. Awesome move.
Why is it ethically wrong for him to lose half his shit? In what context?
Thanks mrs—mr [NAME]
If he would have landed that swing, it would have decapitated that guy.
Ah yes, the poison. The worst part of any poisoning.
Nice glad to hear man!
Ha, ha your mad!
Sigh, there are bad people among the masses. I know in 1.4 billion some are troubled, but I’ve never seen one like this.
He told you that he hates your friends because they don't beat you up? That is so disgusting!
Honest to [NAME] make it stop, it's old news at this point omg.
Where you lost them
Thats me. Delivering justice two sentence at a time
It's just nonsense. Any truly responsible gun owner respects life more than being tough.
Hahahah that’s actually really funny no judgment here, do you friend
Omg l live for [NAME] stirring the pot!!
carry on my wayward son there'll be peace when you are done lay your weary head to rest don't you cry no more
That is not accurate based on the conversation i had with Mr. [NAME] today.
I wanna believe it's a reference to CNN hosting 500 town halls & debates with [NAME] since the election.
Yea, 개인면허 costs about 1억, which is around 100k.
Enthusiasm is not helpful, got it. Edit: lol what a bunch of snowflakes.
> don't tax anyone what a stupid idea.
Was just gonna second this!! I had to learn some of this from my fiance!
Meh, the Chiefs got gifted a PI call or two, especially on their last drive to tie the game.
Guess I stand corrected then, my diabetic friend must be similarly misinformed
So you gonna Break up? She obviously don't care about you're boundaries.
[NAME] has a drive that [NAME] doesn't at all. He cares more about his hair than buying a house for his mom from what I have seen.
Is there any way to force him to act? Sending more budgets or refusing to vote on anything non budget in the house etc.
Go follow me on Musically @budderlordk1ng I am making a lively. Come and join BFFing and Following ;) See you there!
Ahh got clingy huh.
Good trade yesterday and happy with the front office, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand it’s gone
Lol u wot m8?
The molcajete is my favorite type of Mexican food. I'm not with you on this one.
Nope, it’s love.
If the blindness ever comes back for whatever reason, try doing this:
thanks this isn’t incredibly triggering for me (and a bunch of others) or anything
Thank you. That's encouraging. I hope to find people like that to learn from.
Yea it's a tricky one, we need more buttons!!
It makes it especially delicious when our one sub with ~100 active members gets accused of controlling the entire political debate on Reddit
DAMN I CAN NOT BELIEVE IT
Ughhh love a clean house and my incense lit aromatherapy
A friend of mine is a policeman.
Not true. Our knowledge of it is derived from the fossil record, which is geological.
I'm so happy he rolled his car. Assholes are destroying the natural environment with their bullshit cars
Is this a mood?
Wow... That looks great! Would love to get some actual vintage jerseys like that someday. Keep my eyes on eBay. Lol
When you go get your things, if you can bring a friend. Wishing you all the best.
You look so happy now 😍 Hope you are doing well and that you get everything good you deserve. ❤️
She has a PINK semi?? Wow! Impressive!
Happy to share my new video preview with some of my local fav's!\n#compose #excitement @CBCMusic @Musicyyc  @CJSW @BreakOutWest @HifiClub #excitement
I think we should conduct a study and find out, otherwise I don’t know and you don’t either
We'd never lose again with him giving the crazy eyes to anybody who makes a mistake.
It's pronounced hay-SOOS, thank you very much...
So cute!!!!!!!!!!
As I understand it, the director? left so at least if they do reboot it it’ll be in more competent hands lol
I should have said without nuts in hindsight, but this woman was ready to kill. Gotta love hospitality sometimes.
Haha I was thinking Utah but... Florida makes sense too. There’s a few crazy states 🤷🏼‍♀️
Only the fools would call Saigon the Pear of the Orient, haha. Stop sleeping on the past too much. And stop betraying your country
I know a few dudes that would lose it over a gal like this
woman here, love it when my man gets mad. manly imo
Every team is beatable just maybe not by us
That, plus they also store our info insecurely so it leaks out. Just another part of this dumb economics game I guess...
ATTACH THE STONE OF TRIUMPH!!
Thank you!!!! for being one of the sound minded people here.
Suffering from success...
Surprised he didn’t get hit with a random drug test
Sounds like you need to get some help /s
can't believe Achilles killed me!
Are we still taking people who say "globalists" seriously? these people should be tarred and feathered and mocked at every turn
Not gonna lie... thought it was wrapped coke when I didn’t see the subreddit name or read the title
@DeltaDomain @SawDraze @qurions dis dat nigga from fume right?
That is an image that I will never be able to forget.
I really hope [NAME] is in mk11. Hes such an awesome character!
Looks more like this was taken in the winter. If that was yesterday the sun would set more north over the sea??
Whoever this is, feel free to PM me if you want to chat!
We're in contained depression. Only new economic engine is #Sustainability, say Joel @makower + @markmykleby @ #VERGEcon. #NewGrandStrategy #sustainability #vergecon #newgrandstrategy
I did not know that! I love me some quality evil dead
I get these all the time and sometimes just walk. Love downtown
There's this Bpharm4 guy Eish that guy brings anger into my life. When I see him nje like darkness fills me @RamatsobaneM will know
Nope, you weren't in the wrong at all.
How do you walk about eating pasta?!
[NAME] on stand-by. 'Til All Are One!
MC: what are you listen to these days?\nBogum: these days I feel gloomy, I listen to ccm (spiritual song) often.\n\nChurch oppa mode. :)
This is all soooo nice. What nice people.
>sexuality shouldn’t be a grouping category It makes you different from othet ppl so imo it fits the definition of "grouping"
I would pay money to see the security cam footage of that.
Are you one of them? Sorry. You asked for it. 😂
FS haha you are some guy. >"Not even the [NAME]" Purely hyperbolic i imagine ;)
Tell me about it. Never felt like I fit into this gen.
I keep telling everyone to watch it. It's such a fun movie and the directing is great.
Sweaty irritates me. But Its not exactly drag lingo. I've seen it on so many other subs too.
You forgot to mention the time he got sucked into Jumanji while his parents were at a banquet.
I feel you. Most look generic af. I've seen some absolutely stunning ones though. Like [NAME]. She's a 10/10 IMO.
THIS. Thank you for this.
you have [NAME], you'll live.
Out of curiosity, did [NAME] mention autism?
The character [NAME], is it only useable in Blackout mode? Or can you use it in multiplayer?
No means no? What does that mean between she and I though? When she's doing someone else
It involves a relationship with a girl so I need a girls input, sorry I’m not sexist or anything.
He’s one of those players that you would love if he was on your team, but hate if you have to play against him.
To toughen one’s will, strain one’s muscles, hunger one’s body, and exhaust one’s mind—so one learns endurance and grows stronger. Keep going! 💚
Fans assemble! 🦁 Let’s unite for love and support him together!
I’m failing you.
shitposts are hazardous to your health.
They most likely did, since they still having bank issues.
I am [NAME] total lack of suprise
Tonight's #DragRace #AllStars2 episode GAVE ME LIFE! Yaassss queens! #teamalaska #teamkatya  #bwahaha #dragrace #allstars2 #teamalaska #teamkatya #bwahaha
Every instagram page posts this lol
If you read sub rules, you would know you can't post here.
This is my favorite wild memory
True Story.
Stuck in a infuriate scrum about hegemonists.  #scrum #scrum #Stuck #scrum #scrum #stuck
How hard is it to get in touch with @bt_uk! One simple question I can't find answer to on website and 1 hour waiting for online chat #rage #rage
I wish. Chalk it up to a brain fart
"Acsended incels" are fakecels. Truecels like me never ascend and will never ascend. If youre goodlooking enough to have ascended then you were never incel.
Feels good to be a Nets fan right now
Shriekfest is lining up VOLUNTEERS! Oct 6-9, only serious inquiries please!  shriekfest@aol.com  see free films!  #horror #horror
I can't pull myself out of depression
My mom used to think [NAME] was the handsomest NFL coach for what that’s worth.
Have to agree. The government welfare and biased divorce courts which are enforced by the state are to blame.
dude, that's [NAME] or [NAME]
We're sleep walking into, in the words of the Bank of England, a disordely Brexit. It's a bit problematic.
[NAME] why you doing this! Put that on frame buddy
I didn’t know [NAME] was in middle school! Is she really say crap like that as a grown woman? TLC created this monster!!
[NAME] after he declares he loves playing Fortnite, wants to play with his brother no matter what and loves Vancouver.
Nice language 👏
You have no legs to stand on to accuse me of such.
Fish and chips were amazing. Probably the best I've ever had, and as a fush and chups connoisseur I don't say that lightly.
I've said it before and I'll say it again: It's God! All God! Only God! #awe #archippusawakening #entirelybyhisgrace #awe #archippusawakening #entirelybyhisgrace
And Arsenal fans hated him as he left them for his boyhood club, which made his great performances against them all the sweeter
Come on curry
Preach in such a way that if people don't end up hating their sin, they end up hating you. -[NAME]
That’s part of why I hate porn so much - other than the exploitation of women
I want to undo it, like it tasted good, but just **AGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHh**
Grown man bars is still one of my favourite moments in all of battle rap.
My friends and I still have our tradition — eating shaved ice in -30°C, sipping ginger tea. The joy is when they order my favorite soybean ice even if I’m not there.
Does a civil suit create legal precedence? Edit: I'm assuming it's a civil suit.
I'm a fan from Oregon and listen to KFANN alot. If PA i sucks so much what do locals listen to?
You went to your Xbox? I went to my NES... and it was "the new thing"!
Pushit...always
It did have an awesome geocache lol
You're the biggest sack of shit to post here in some time.
That arena announcer is irritating.
That’s adorable! I hope they stick with it!
It's genuinely disorientating to witness it.
Think of his target audience. They’re the ones who are fooled by talkers, not thinkers.
shockingly close to reality.
Wow. You have literally no idea how American politics works. It's almost as if you're either a bot or a troll.
Sorry, you misread. I thought you'd written "why had they done that". IIRC, it's in the report they published.
It depends on who you ask. i didnt downvote you, im answering now
If a greedy and powerful few can make a buck they will.
Tried that for a year and still scrawny and look young 😂
People irritate my MF soul
fuck off. let people enjoy what they want to enjoy when it doesn't impact you.
Ah, I see. Thank you for clarifying!
44 is chilly. I'm in Colorado and we were single digits earlier in the week so 50 today was like a heatwave! Stay warm ;)
Sources suggest some very shady characters agree with you OP. What do you have to say for yourself?
Yayyy!!! Go little green bean go!!! Good job trainer!!
Yeah I mentioned this route and how we won because the other teams kept wasting chances.
thank you man
@rupindxr my heart actually sunk looooool I was so confused
Comment for later
This was literally the first examole that came to mind for me hahaha
Geez. The guy had a bad day over a year ago. Let it go.
genuinely surprised me, 0
I note how you said "on" and not "in". I see what you did there.
If things were not as they are, they would be completely different. SO WHAT?
Agree! Poor girls! They seem so sweet.
They play loud trap music.
Ah, thought they made another FA character cannon for a minute. I'd like to see [NAME] come back (with a bit of a nerf:)
Because they're having to compete and so we get exposed to the weakest of the bunch.
+ cant get to tell them what will offend them or not
I’ll just take this as an apology and bid you farewell AM x
Ending the quarter with some point [NAME] action, I love it
Seek help.
AND THEY ARE REALLY ANNOYING WE MADE FIRST CONTACT 30 YEARS AGO AND THEY'RE STILL SENDING US TERRIBLE MINION MEMES
I think most of us would really just rather you calm down a bit and stop being such a jerk.
That's a shame.. speaking of that though. Where are some good places to hear blues in the city?
I wasn’t considering potatoes in the discussion or else it’s a clear number 1. Are potatoes vegetables?
But i ordered for chicken katsu too so in the end my stomach was terribly full.
That guy talked bad about his haircut I guess
Gee, a GIF that doesn't move. Thanks, OP
At no point in the game has that been true
i'm enjoying this so much
It seems kind of bizarre that Canada is expected to respect or accommodate the hereditary chiefs, if the elected band leaders choose not to.
...PLAY DESPACITO
Aww yesss assalamu ‘alaykum akhi i love when i see a reflective post by you in here
@7we4k LordDerply for it. It's like yugioh for animated shows!
Hahahahaha, no there isn't. Thank god. Tell your friend he's an idiot for us.
Imagine thinking ffmi is the only factor when judging whether someone juices or not
you’re acting mad pretentious lol there’s nothing wrong with wanting to live in Cali
Today, I got my hands dirty with the boys shoveling dirt, tossing rocks, and gathering up bits of rotten wood, all of which the excavator dug up yesterday and left in a big, unsightly pile.
I fully endorse the oppression and eventual extermination of all gamers.
Highlights will be glorious to watch! Here’s [NAME] shootout zinger!
I love it! It’s strangely charming lol!!! Especially when she comes back to camera speaking normally.
@therealkers awe I miss your sweet smile! Come visit me and @ciara_wilson26 sometime when we're not all working😅😩
@tomwilcox77 @mattgrime fuming
Oh that sounds gross! Now I have this horrible deamon / alien like picture in my head 🤢
if u have time 2 open a snap, u have time 2 respond
*scribbles in maybe*
I feel so sorry for [NAME]..
@redBus_in #unhappy with #redbus CC, when I talked with them before a week still they didn't initiate the refund of the transaction. #unhappy #redbus
No. I wishm Why did I stop? Kids work and money. Not a minute to myself
#Appreciate what you have &amp; enjoy your life. \nUse your #smile 😃 to help others use theirs. ☺️ #appreciate #smile
I’m so sorry for your loss, I’ll drink a few extra for your fiancé
Meh, the liga that we all knew and loved went away when [NAME] fled to Italy
I'll take these close thru 36 minutes Ls over a loss by 25 and was never in the game Ls
Oh lol, source? Just interested to see what changed his mind
Cant wait til [NAME] passes him. [NAME] is an ungrateful mofo. Anyone that praises their own work ethic and hard work needs slapped silly.
The hammer eh, interesting.
I'd be extremely motivated to take any form of martial arts lessons if they didn't cost $100 per month around where I live
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @its.finfin  #musically #musically
The chairman’s in his 80s, that’s just his taste — he demands curvy women and masculine men.
Really hope the best for him. Couldn’t stay here but hoping he keeps that girl far away from him and gets it together.
Some idiot talks shit to one woman - > SOCIETY shames WOMEN for BEING ALIVE
What I figured but needed some clarification. Thanks!
Dude, stay on drugs and leave politics to sane people
Wow im glad my uncle is dead , this sounds crazy .
This gave me PTSD
Looks like backyard [NAME] and the gang have a new member... [NAME]!
That is so sad. So your sisters got to ruin their bodies and forego a career? Yikes.
Don't forget about foden, I love [NAME], I even bought his shirt at the start of this season, but foden has an even greater ceiling
Show me that hog daddy
Thanks, the date went really well! I feel for you, it will be a while for me too.
I was actually looking in to this game, glad they did this now so I can avoid it, yeesh
I love that this gets light. Keep talking. Especially AOC. Don't stop.
My grandfather was a keen hunter.
Damn didn’t see it sorry
The thought of shooting anything at asylum seekers is appalling.
I like this one.
They are having a whole bunch of problems , maybe they are paying so the state doesn't go after them as well.
You could even say that they don't give a damn about any trumpet playing band.
I love that smile of his!!!!
These posts go in /r/DFWPets
Tip the piercer? You ask how much for the piercing. Pay that as you leave.
yet another infuriating loss, against a garbage team no less
Any differing opinion that exists is heresy.
Just throw them into a pool of needles. That'll teach them not to steal ever again.
Then leave him. You're not married and sexually comparability is a huge part of making a relationship work. Don't underestimate this my friend.
Wait that’s actually funny why is it on this reddit
Man I love this team. No I hate this team. No I love this team!
aw thank you, I want to get rid of some of my extra things and eat food with less packaging
@soyoprincess they irritate me. Them and their inch thick made up masks
Sigh, that was beautiful 😢
I'd need [NAME] help for sure, because America has made it nigh impossible for its citizens to emigrate there.
Happy New Year to you, too!
That kinda true honestly lol. Just has more potential
Damn she might have actually had a stroke if she started panicking
@CNN please fire don lemon!!Do not let him report on anymore  protest. He is #horrible #negative and runs away from the issue at hand! #horrible #negative
personally ive noticed some of our sars are coming out darker than normal so idk loo extra strong i guess
I love the 90s for all the same reasons. It was so comfy and effortless! And yes!!! All evidence can remain hidden!!!
I'm so sorry that your partner doesn't understand that you no longer want to put hormones in your body.
I mean they're just kids at the end of the day, the people yelling racist things are the "adults"
seemed so anti [NAME] / classless, especially as [NAME] has kept his mouth shut.
Well you needn't worry about it I won't be coming back to that floating turd you call a country
You have social anxiety go see a doctor
Why have #Emmerdale had to rob #robron of having their first child together for that vile woman/cheating sl smh #bitter #emmerdale #robron #bitter
Thank you for understanding. We don't want to be mean, but the rules must be enforced at all levels for all participants. Good luck with your endeavors!
Well if we just started in the second quarter in both games...we would have come out ahead!
This child does not understand the economy
The real joke is always in the comments.
#rocklandcounty get to ravis in suffern, ny. Great food, new #chef, terrific atmosphere. Say 'twitter' to server and get free #appetizer #rocklandcounty #chef #appetizer
Suppressing anger is a horrible idea. You want to dissipate it in some healthy way, not bottle it up.
It’s not unlikely that his family was already imprisoned or dead, which gave him the window to run.
Thanks for the advice. It does presuppose that I am able to have that conversation with him though. Will give some thought to how to do it.
Infacy gosples?
I wish for world peace!
I have never noticed dread doing shady stuff. Dream, well, duh.
Gonna have to say no on the last sentence lol
Yes, however I did misquote the study, however I've corrected my OP
I love [NAME] school of rock
For sure. I am infatuated with sharks, and much of that obsession comes from absolute fear haha.
I like this new trend
What's that like? Like what's the thought process? I dunno. I know what's a weird question..i just can't imagine
Was that before or after he murdered over a million [NAME]?
@tunaeP_ cheer up☺️
I'm worried he's too small. I love his quickness, but sub-170 is scary for a guy that'll be running over the middle.
Discuss equality, be labeled troll. Good bye. I am so disappointed. In humanity.
6/10 Pumpkin Spice Lattes?
@kylegriffin1 #outrage police\ntelling a woman she looks nice for her age is apparently sexist.\nYou #FakeNews people are #crazy #outrage #fakenews #crazy
Thank you for the new obsession.
I can’t imagine having a plan B when it comes to dating. That just seems disrespectful to not devote yourself to the person your dating.
Kinda off topic but is the "More from this artist" broken for anyone else? Usually it just shows the same album 3 times.
Happy to help
coincidences happen :P
Most of PROFITABLE FX MONEY MANAGER clients don't mind with high profit share we take, since they are very #happy with the returns they make #happy
Right there with you. 20 years together and suddenly its over. I'm tired of crying and hurting. We'll get through this.
My favourite part is that the Saints are completely right, but it doesn't matter a god damn bit.
good looks guys
I love when he asks while looking directly at the item but still not seeing it 🤦🏻‍♀️
It was mutually beneficial.
Also available on Spotify and Apple Music. Any feedback would be hugely appreciated!
If only life was a garbage isekai anime. Too bad the genre is just pandering and blatant self-insert/wish fulfillment. Oh well.
Ha ha. You can't define something into existence.
[NAME] damn it curtis
I will never understand why streaming is entertaining.
Yes. (That's the back side of the Palace hotel.)
Edit: Four on Five now man! Woo!
Talent sets your ceiling—like Einstein. Effort gets you passing marks—like college admission. Find your gifted area and work on it.
In this case, I don't see a problem. OP's post can stay.
Not only does the overbooking hurt the customers financials and time, but violations like this one put lives in danger.
The troublemakers are all outsiders. If we cancel anti-epidemic policies and make people pay for their own tests and treatment, what will happen?
Be Advised “stay away from alcohol” Focus on the kids Do not engage on a campaign for justice Get well soon bro.
Apartheid would mean full Israeli control of the west bank and gaza plus revoking voting rights for Israeli [NAME]. Be careful what you wish for.
Catholicism did start out as a cult of [RELIGION] at first until it rose to prominence in the world
I love her doctor. You need to send him some chili and cornbread
Thanks for the resources!
Thanks! Oddly enough, it's actually the first place that I ate at, when I was apartment hunting in New Haven several years back.
So I got my hand on the Healthy wear powder foundation in creamy beige for $ 3.45.
Not [NAME]. He really didn’t seem like the Canuck players that played with him missed him at all.
Hi, female prostitute for sex work here. Can you not with this angry and condescending attitude? Not good camaraderie, comrade.
Working now, 5:00PM EST.
Glad your a Liberal supporter.
No, that's my radar detector.
Season 5 is the best IMO.
I am out, it is a beautiful day and the air is crisp and refreshing.
IIT: man turned on by that and me trying to figure out how the fuck does she not gag?
I’m sorry you’re going through the hurt, this shit sucks so bad.. I don’t wish this upon anyone..
Lol, and be sure to slam the door real hard when you leave.
A smile spread across my face.
How dare you interrupt the circle jerk. Out, sir.
Wasn't that just a mass shooting? Or am I thinking of another college massacre?
I love how people ITT are deploying x/2+7 like it's from [NAME], LOL.
Judging by my 10 month old, that is about 2.5 days worth of dirty diapers.
The butcher seems to bug out, and not pay you, after around 3 horseback pelts, anyway.
Allow me to describe the shock and awe I experienced seeing this: **Fuck no why u do this?**
everyone hates twice, and i kinda did too but they got bops i'm bumping rn to cheer up
i actually like adore (maybe I’m uneducated oof) what has she done?
You’ve got to do it! Just imagine all the bitter responses that you can then share with us!
Both teams played fantastically defensively, just because it’s not a 10 goal game doesn’t mean anyone played badly.
One of the greatest moments of my life, to date
Nope. Love them. What do you find gross?
Id gladly exchange firsts with the Suns
That’d be amazing
Here too. I just find weird colorful stuff and hope it doesn't clash too bad.
@dc_mma @ChampionsFight think shes afraid to fight Holly. One can only imagine what goes through her head when she thinks of Cyborg
You're clearly upset tho, you're not doing a good job proving your lack of caring
Under Quanzhou there’s a county called Nan’an, and under it, Shijing Town. Being close to Xiamen, housing prices once soared to 18,000, while average workers earn just 3–4k.
So... she just won the lottery!!
I SAW THIS ORION IN HALF, AND WITH THE POWER OF SPEAR SPAM,,,,, :DDD
This comment cursed us.
i have so much hair it's a nightmare but it's also very soft so it guess it's a win-lose situation
Lol shit yeah.
So does he want to go back to being hunters and gatherers? How can humanity improve with no governments.
Thank you, that's very good to know!
You mean 0.08 - at 0.8 you'd be dead about twice over
Pretty much. Him and [NAME] will share ball handling duties. Point Lance and Point Outlaw in the house
Only for a week? You are a great optimist!
No, thankfully.
@SiWheeler78 never a dull moment, hope you had a gd trip down
Thanks, I find your poor implementation of punctuation to be very amusing. It's good that there's something we can enjoy about each other.
plz no foul trouble
It's why it would be a mistake to move away from the "mega-thread" format.
[NAME] just think of how overworked her liver and kidneys must be!!
>It is all about [NAME] I like how you brought up [NAME] and now your mad because people are calling you out for being wrong.
Sadly this is how you get shit fixed
Worst case scenario here is he dodged a psychopathic bullet.
You’re a gorgeous bride! :D I love the looks you chose
You're naive if you think they won't balance it out somehow in the future.
If you have any other links handy I'd love to see them.
Fuck people that don't like pbr, only cheap bear I'll drink next to natty boh
Wishing the best for your pupper.
75' Tierney reaches a deep cross to the back post and plays it back across but the Alloa defence clear. Celtic relentless here.
[NAME]? He doesn't steal it, and he acts like shep in me2. But yeah, the picture looks like [NAME], more than a femshep.
He should say "Rise up my comrades" and he would be complete
I watched a video about fake makeup having rat piss in it. No thank you
Way too tired for work today so taking the day off. Feels pretty great!
The restrictions keep piling up. I was ready to go back, now it’s 7+7 days. Forget it — my vacation isn’t even 14 days.
Loved @Bethenny independence msg on @WendyWilliams, be happy &amp; fulfilled within yourself &amp; positivity will flock to you  #independent #independent
I'd rather have [NAME]. Killing her off was a waste.
Don't you know pets are valued more than a woman's life.
This is so Dope!!!
Sorry to disappoint, we are working very hard as employees to turn this thing around. Hopefully we can change your mind in the future.
Oh man, I saw a White Forest Cake the other day and DEAR LORD I almost drooled.
Let's hope she will never work as a medical professional again.
me too thanks
I mean purely in the context of these pants he isn’t wrong
I have a wery gweat frwiend in Wome, you know.
Love this answer.
It was long; about two feet in length with sights and bulbs coming out of it in every direction.
FYI pumps are now covered under the ACA/Obamacare with most plans. Thanks, [NAME]!
I have faith that she will realise she deserves better. She's a strong lady.
After they put the bullet in it I wouldn't be surprised if it got scaled back even further, considering just how much of the community up and bailed
When ever I’m feeling depressed or alone, I’ll just image you and think “it could be worse”.
Eastside Cafe was pretty pricey for what it was.
Harking back to 2012 - DT's challenge to @POTUS...I will give...DT a hearty thank you...if he will release his tax returns....
People stealing things from my work out quite the damper on my day so now I am going to wear pajamas all day
Why does [NAME] have extra nipples on his arms?
Hey no turn over after a kick - way to go Texans!  Way to go!  #Texans #terrible #noheart #texans #terrible #noheart
? sometimes i play ffa with my friends to have fun
I know, that's why it's a little unfortunate they don't have a test.
Scars do not fade after 2 weeks. Its gonna take a few months. I've got some nasty scars too girl I feel your pain
It's pretty dangerous when the state decides which fictional deity is legitimate. For example the [NAME].....
You’re*
The only clown that make me laugh.
No offense but this shit just not working in some people. So they likely to say they are placebos(same applies for me too unfortunately)
That is hot af dude!
they have died here in canada
Just wait until you're 36 and in a solid career so you can marry a used-up foid who only wants you for your betabux, bro.
@ggreenwald Smh, remove ideologically bankrupt and opportunistic establishment now. They're burning all bridges and social contracts.
I got a [NAME] vibe earlier, but I see this
just the thought of having to get up and speak in front of 30 people makes my heart want to pound out of my chest, but i have to get over my shyness.
Right. Lol Then they try to gaslight the audience. As if we cant pause and rewind.
They really aren’t people. They were slavers. Civilized people should have only one answer to that sort of behaviour: violence and death.
Ok so this doesn't seem like a cover given they made a whole comp for him
Tell me why I'm wrong instead of name calling. Grow up
[NAME] lines especially. They're all so good because originally [NAME] was going to play that character.
I love that in this example the Soviet Union was communist when they were fighting [NAME], but somehow not communist when [NAME] was killing... like everyone.
Day 9 and I am elated because I'm taking PTO tomorrow so I'm doneeeee. But:
The biggest issues are in suburban districts. They could probably leave most urban and rural districts alone.
I dont believe shit until america confirms the transfer.
Astounding. People died. And the church's response is "Thank [NAME] that the caravan moves on!"
I don’t think what the county chief of Dancheng said counts — who is he to order quarantine and detention? It’ll never be enforced like that. Even Anyang still allows people back, who does Dancheng think it is?
She looks like she has a broomstick stuck in her butt :( queen deserves better
Would have been faster to seal it and then pressurize the tube so the kitty gets shot out like a cannonball.
Company car? Oh boy he’s in trouble now.
I don't know how accurate that is, pure nicotine is a lot different to nicotine in tobacco so I doubt vaping is that addictive
It an argument. Don’t really have time for jack-assery. Lot of people want attention from me tonight, not just you.
It's my last week at CN! I'm gonna be sad to leave, but this will also be my first planned break since going into animation!
I love people like this that don't understand how taxes work...
Im kind of confused.  The one thing i do right now has a great future, but on the other hand so does the new thing .  #needhelp #needhelp
Thanks, I reached out
Ditto. I never pay attention to who’s posting comments I disagree with. What difference does it make?
Not worth it. My family is the same way. I am scapegoat. I cut them all off and I have never been happier or more at peace
I never thought I would say this but I really miss Todd 😥
Fourteen years on, we have not forgotten — blessings to everlasting Wenchuan; remembrance for the lost, salute to rebirth.
Not untill today has anyone ever said to me they remember what I had on over 7 years ago when they met me n liked me since #cutealert  #cutealert
Can we go back 2 weeks and start again ?? This is seriously dreadful
Intp:(
She was promptly dumped.
normal looking guys thinking about the weekend, while ugly guys thinking about tongue position, mewing, and item #45 on todays Self Improvement checklist. lmao #45
Rebalancing all heroes for this purpose seems like a disaster. Would have been good to think about pre-development.
Literally one visit to that subreddit is proof enough it's mentally addictive. Brain craving dopamine when it's not producing it.
i thought you were and [NAME] too?
Funny how we get more anxious about our heroes than their victims
[NAME] did a job for us
Bears are empathetic creatures? lol...
my ex's favorite thing to do on psychs was eat, but i cant eat on psychs. she used to get so mad at me
OMG [NAME]!
Maybe I should tell my family to move the Lavvo further south =) people sound nicer there
BF- If you dont beleive me come over than. *gf goes over to bf's house, sees bf* GF- Hmmm, I might be dreaming.
A supposedly professional article banging on about gammons and insulting people's appearance. Not an impressive display of journalism, just a pathetic blog designed to preach to the choir.
If that's not illegal it should be.
Kids are curious and brutal. If she actually spoke in front of the class about, she'd probably leave crying.
Tell your husband. Its lies by omissions. Who are you to pick and choose what HE wants to know.
>I want to ride my bicycle I want to ride my bike Ah yes, truly makes you think
Season 3 and Charlie is still a prick! #lost #lost
Shut tf up. [NAME].
This is almost 4 years old!
With the EU law taking effect, only two options remain: 1) switch to USB-C, or 2) drop ports entirely. The latter is too extreme, so Apple will likely adopt USB-C.
I have to cuddle my dog so hard right now.
Ass is ass!
Atlantica combat is unlike anything else. So fun. Didnt know it was still arkund; I wish it wasnt so Asia difficult and grindy
ok, ok.. I know.. my last tweet was
Don’t forget to re-equip them for every specialist every time you prestige too! Oh and the emotes too if you like donating kills!
Aquaria just lost her shit when the Cup Toss challenge went awry
[NAME] plays with [NAME] for 2 minutes and he's already doing outlet passes lmao
Yet again; totally missing my point.
Oh well that's different than what I thought you were disagreeing about before. I thought you meant he wasn't going before 6.
Yeah, I’d definitely wanna be baked for that
I wonder what a hug would feel like a lot too.
Both me and my bf pee in the shower together hahahaha
My friends tell me I'm pretty. Trigger tells my I'm ugly. I first was confused but then realised I'm both. Pretty ugly. #tru #sad #tumblr #tru #sad #tumblr
It taunts you
I think womens bodies range widely.. Water, silicone, coconut oil, amounts and frequency needed.. I think these things are largely independent of the quality of arousal..
I wonder what number he'll wear since he can't wear 20.
I think: Congrats! That baby will now have loving parents
True Story! That's the sad Part of it...
Oh [NAME], dont talk about clippers!
Why is assuming the Hereditary Chiefs "speak in their name only" the rational assumption to make? What kind of assurances would be sufficient?
Who wants to muddy the water with facts... Ha
she has a fetish is my guess.
I don't think that lump is nearly as big as you think it will be
As an [NAME], I expected something different.
I thought my [RELIGION] boarding school was weird but now it seems pretty tame and mild in comparison.
Except he does literally every game, but not everyone can watch them.
bet he loves to slow dance
she's always so insensitive whenever i grieve idgi
[NAME] WOULD NEVER USE [NAME]! HE'S A GOOD BOY!
@simonschuster @StephenKing @BuzzFeed And don't forget a fear of St. Bernards. #Cujo #cujo
Pls end me
I visibly recoiled from that.
You shot my hair....
I don’t think there are strippers necessarily, but it does make me question what he wants to do without me there
Shithousery of the likes I've never quite witnessed. What a way to end the winter break.
Which is stupid because conversations about race and slavery in America are primarily about race in slavery in America.
Randall's always needs people.
I was going to comment the same thing! I love the disheveled newscaster vibe he and [NAME] created for the show.
I mean, he did believe in a clearly terrible [NAME]
I liked the Trains better than the Refers.
Onus is on #Pak to act against #terror groups which find all types of support for cross border terror: #MEA #pak #terror #mea
>Did you just call me a liar? Sick reference.
GF is false; I saw Mayor get transported and I was stabbed by an SK
No, no the PTA has not disbanded!
I couldnt walk without tripping over her.
I liked how in the video the [NAME] picked him up and held him a little. Pretty Wholesome¯_(ツ)_/¯
#TerribleDebateQuestions Madame Secretary, isn't it true that Russia is behind all terrorism? #terribledebatequestions
This is not a why were they filming. The person filming clearly saw it from further away, and then got closer after turning on the camera.
Bitch right!
Thanks! I had a more standard name but then realized I didn't want to be findable on Reddit.
Yes. But it’s still KFC so there’s a long way to go.
Good retort! Thank you for your contribution to the discussion.
I love this contract structure especially since [NAME] is only 31.
I was just about to comment this. Do people think throwing an lol at the end of everything will just make it fine and dandy. Ridiculous lol.
As long as [NAME] isn't suggesting [NAME] to the Lakers I'm ok with pretty much any Ringer rumor
That's good to hear. I'm admittedly highly judgmental about this kind of thing but I'm trying to open up my mind a bit.
It's cool and fun and a nice change of pace but I want my hidden blades back next game.
i want my nuggs mom!
we got good at breakaways!!
Tanks being strong is the reason why ADCs get buffed.
The last thing you see before entering Hell.
Lmao the cop stops like *"Fuck, well I guess he won't be resisting on the way"*
Forget it — making up weekend shifts is hell. With the pandemic like this — travel means quarantine both ways, nine days off but six in isolation!
You don't need financial management when the government handles all your money and all your legal representation is also provided by all mighty government.
@davidhiggerson Can understand fear factor but why support a company that wants to reduce your own to status of a needy satellite..
Even if I close the app, mine still pings.. It's maddening
Sure glad I wasn't coming the other way when this twatwaffle decided to try his "watch this sick drift, yo" stunt.
The kidd series is by far my favorite. Much more lighthearted than the prey books.
You’ve got to be shitting me?
Huge, huge internet hugs. My heart broke for you reading this. I'm so sorry you had to go through this.
“When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed.”―Maya Angelou
Relatives nowadays only cling if you’re capable—otherwise ignore you, no different from acquaintances.
I bet you’re really fun at parties.
Aldi is awesome. Low prices, efficient processes, and treats its employees like people. Corporations actually done right.
For as long as she’s been gone, I’m terrified to think why she was kept alive that long.
State or freedom, either way PR would be better off than the shitshow that was [NAME]
You don't ask some random woman her bra size and if she's a virgin. That's just so rude.
Thanks for the response.
When City Hall has the fire alarm go off and it's been 15 minutes and the fire department still isn't here
Cherish the last ones who still belong—those tied to their hometown. Years later, many may have no home to return to.
Comeback in a couple months and we'll see.
Looks f*cking delicious
How do you know all this? It’s interesting and true and I’m curious how you know?
That's certainly one part of the puzzle, though arguably they are non-noahide as they historically advocated for incest marriage, but maybe it is different now.
Sure they'd love that
He needed to back off a little. He’s forcing it too much. Give her a second. You’re practically a stranger.
Oh i had it where whoever you didnt pick becomes the mastermind
I doesn't have nudity so i didnt NSFW it, but i get why you'd say that. thanks for the compliment tho
Just appreciate the moment jeez
DELETE THAT SCREEN SHOT! NOW!!!
Not me, blue text posted it on fb airing out the guy but yeah she really handled it well
welcome to the soulless corporate concrete block. nothing but holy money matters. worship it. kill the children
Anyways. Weird behaviour of it when it was happening is that it hid itself when the video was paused then reappeared as the video continued.
I remember the first time one of my friends tried to explaine Minecraft to our group during lunch. I think I was in highschool at the time.
And thirsty babies
Will do. Have a good night man.
I hope for your sake you don't include Frazzles in your ostracising.
How often does this happen? To you and others? I'm curious.
Not surprised...he has ZERO interest in finding a job and living like a responsible adult...
[RELIGION] iconography is absolutely filled with insanely shredded men.
Who got madden 17 or 2k17 ps4 add TrackdawgT lets run it
Actually you're a [NAME] if you aren't for exterminating the 'wrong inherently evil and guilty race'.
After i wash my face and brush my teeth, i go out from the kitchen and found that, someone sleep on my place, using my blanket and also pillow.
A warm #smile is the universal language of kindness William Arthur Ward #love #kindness #smile #love #kindness
You are the parent your grandson deserves. Your daughter will regret the pain she has caused.
Yay, I hope so! I'm feeling good about this decade.
Ouch, that looks horrible. Tagged his leg on the dumpster. Lucky he didn’t lose a leg going that fast.
You're not short. You're the perfect height for a short girlfriend.
This is amazing thank u so much u saved my life
Well one of our leading candidates is [NAME] so it's not like we're killing it in our search either
Oh got it
I’m still waiting for 4 EBT withdrawals marked complete on Dec 7th 2018. Later date EBT withdrawals were paid oddly.
its admittedly shallow and petty but I love the saying "libertarianism is astrology for men"
srs that’s a cute sweater n all but i wish the pic was closer to her makeup
Thanks for the clarity.
sometimes i look up at the stars and i wonder if [NAME] is masterbating to our conversation somewhere out there
Wasn’t this guy floated around as a long shot OC candidate earlier in the offseason?
spurs getting carried away now. Fouling their own players.
Lol dream on buddy. You’ve had enough attention today. Actually learn what your talking about helps a lot. Sorry your stuck in free roam smokin crack
This made me gag lol
@NoorBazzi14 lowkey I want to go just to chirp Anna LOL but say hi to Atkins for me!! One of my favourite coaches, he's smart and caring
omg this is so cute, thank you u/Skraxx
I love this story. So much.
He was forced into this marriage
That’s how it be
So fucking awesome. Cheers from Brazil.
Damn you really need a girlfriend, dude. 🤣
oh, okay
I don’t understand why he’s being considered by teams. Can someone explain it to me?
What the actual heck.... Like I just don't....I cannot
This honestly explains so much. Thanks for some insight into myself lol
# LAYERS LIKE AN OGRE #
Amazing that Aunt [NAME] wouldn't genuinely reflect on her her behavior, or realize that she is raising a spoiled, rude child.
Using a photo of a Hong Konger to stir up trouble — I think your accounts are the ones sowing discord and wishing for chaos.
Thanks for your opinion. It's highly respected lol
I love this trend.
I'm tired i'm wasted I LOVE YOU DARLING.
For those as confused as I was, this is DeKalb County, Illinois, not DeKalb County, Georgia
Heyyyy warriors!!!!!  #panicattacks #panicattacks
Need I remind you about [NAME] "Arm the poor for revolutionary war" [NAME]? He was on there the other week. [NAME] is a huge ally.
Why is the dude a douche? He didn't actually do anything, lol his political views are not relevant as he himself actually did nothing wrong.
If you think it's a real emergency don't waste too much time and try to call the police
So, again, I tried to eat my lunch, my stomach in knots, an unseen hand gripping my heart.
If you’ve ever been to Hawick you’ll see why: there’s nothing else to do there but roll around in mud
That's actually legitimately hilarious. I'm going to have to start following this [NAME] fella
Thanks!!!
Ded game we should be happy we have a new hero
Might be an unpopular opinion but I actually enjoyed the faster ruck speed. Spewing they didn't stay strong and stick to their guns
Police: Atlanta rapper Shawty Lo killed in fiery car crash
Therapy NOW! Who hurt you? First of all, i'm very sorry that happened to you but you are loved...
The junkies that hang around there can make some good jokes about getting blitz'd
Thanks bud, hope it’s a great one!
Holy shit nice block [NAME]
My balls shrunk up looking at that
Not a single comment from a journo about [NAME] has now successfully integrated RLC.
But the mess!!! ^j/k
Holy smokes, good jobs!!!
Everyone's job is tough so why not treat everyone with respect?
Nop nothing YET
"You're my best friend in the whole world Mister [NAME]." *meows for food*
I wonder what goes through [NAME] head when he decides to shoot for 3 😅
Worst deal on the leafs right now easily
League wants an LA team to finally work so bad
THE PACK RUNS DEEP AND HARD. I WOULD SHARE MY KRAFT MAC AND CHEESE WITH YOU ANY DAY. AROOOOOOOOO
of course you agree. you post in r_braincels.
If your team has no healer I really hope u get the heal talent
Now put the poor thing down you valley boy donut.
@iamTinaDatta love you so much #smile 😊😊 #smile
Man I'm glad that the caption told me this was hilarious... I might not have know otherwise.
If you don't respond to an email within 7 fays, you wifl be killed by an animated gif of the girl from The Ring.
Wow that’s actually a great idea lmao
If you’re a solo player, then I understand...
inha's and seol's banter is rly fun to read. im in awe that seol is willing to deal with her tho
I most certainly had change.
It would be okay if they will turn them into some old non-obtainable premiums. I mean limited edition
As much as he's a bit of a nutter, he does keep his word as far as I can tell.
Wtf is a weeb
Play something else and come back later. You’re burning yourself out
No, it's just that OP made that part up. The article didn't say anything about femenists.
I do, in fact, want more from OP’s work history
Also groin injury, he’d probably take the week off regardless.
I don't know exactly why, but I think [NAME] would really dig on [NAME]. [NAME] would go for the Death Wish movies.
It’s been 2 hours, OP died for a noble cause.
I love those moments
NEVER RUNNING FROM A REAL FIGHT!
There's having fun and being a hoe, OP seem to assume what she is, so ni worries for her.
[NAME] will end up owning all these untouchable records and I hope they don’t get broken for generations
Just split for gods sake before kids are born.
See the other one has advertising that hides the fucking stupid [NAME] that's the difference!
Cool thanks, posted on there just now! I'm not a super big reddit user so I'm glad that you are telling me all this haha.
Well shit, if all you gorgeous people haven’t settled down yet, there’s no hope for me
Your not winning their hearts, your just torturing them and they end up hating you.
My last GF called me a pedophile too. Big word for a 12 year old.
RE: #politicallycorrect #BS   What if I am #offended by your assumption the USA should change because you are a 'visitor' &amp; don't like it? #politicallycorrect #bs #offended
Yes, but she isn’t even close to being one of the biggest artists of the decade, like some people have claimed here.
Weird how he doesn't have to say the word review in order to spend the entire article reviewing
I'm 25 and I still don't have a license. I'm terrified of driving and get anxiety every time I'm behind the wheel.
Is it just me, or do these children look really uncomfortable around the Duggars? The smiles look forced...
yeah u can have them both!
Still can't log into my fucking Snapchat #Snapchat  #snapchat
Argh a big wasp buzzing between my blinds and my window. Halp! #wasp #evil #buzz  #wasp #evil #buzz
Are socdems welcome here?
Just read your list, sounds great!! You have some creatures even I didn’t think about 👍!!
Man.. I really loved that team.
Beautiful place, been there in September!
“That ad is an over-generalization!” “Most men feel this way and agree with me!” Hm. 🤔
I agree it was just funny with the timing. I'm guessing you don't usually order AT the gym. :)
Says one of the two people who keeps on responding to each comment with a very poorly argued position lacking both in research and in common sense.
@CurtisJobling Yes indeed! We know masses of students would be so excited to see you! We need to get this sorted! #haunt #haunt
#Worry, #doubt, #fear and #despair are the enemies which slowly bring us down to the ground and turn us to dust before we die. #worry #doubt #fear #despair
I had to wear sunglasses to keep the snow out of my eyes-fortunately the brown lenses were ok for the low light.
It’s like she’s forcing a fake British accent it’s so strange
If anything it has inspired my creativity.
One day, you will encounter all that is beautiful — cherish every fleeting moment and meeting, as flowers bloom and fall. — He, “Meeting When Flowers Fall”
No clue, all I know is that Shia [NAME] hit themselves for some reason
Test levels have been dropping significantly It’s well documented Why do you think that’s stupid
What a locker room cancer - Some Nuggets fan, somewhere
Thanks, I'll resubmit
Damn it!
um what. no. not hmc.
I'm shocked you still have service. Mine doesn't play, they are cold.
I mean, you're the one rationalizing for what essentially amounts to a presidential dictatorship.
I started a play about a man with tourettes and no fingers. Critics called it "offensive and pointless".
The world is backwards, nowadays. Where people defend _GaNgStAs_ because it's culturally and politically correct, and then shame those who protect and serve. Makes me bleed rage.
Grandma is bad at math
I just wanted my knees to stop hurting
Believe it or not, but I saw that he's a college instructor now
I remember seeing the trailer for this. I was lit when I heard [NAME]. Great movie
Poor [NAME] looks so bored in the remakes.
Trash pick up vehicle driver. Uh.. a garbage man?
Drs hate him!
I'm not seeing eye patch guy
All true, but [NAME] only “retired” to get out of AZ. Now that he’s back looking for a job...
@laray_jenkins2 @SportsInsights yeah I know it unless our offense can get something going. That's a big if
Look at the party platforms for green parties. [NAME] and [NAME] proudly helped to shut down a local nuclear reactor
Got boomhauer(?)(boom-how-er) pretty right tho his character was apparantly a [NAME].
I'm hoping this is a 12 year old trying to be funny
I came in like a wrecking ball...
Shameless IG plug:
Yah, totally. It's just kind of scary when all you hear are loud extremes on both sides.
Yeha he failed to qualify unfortnatwly.
I pray this changes.
While we appreciate trying to help with the report function, next time either block them after or ignore them instead of getting into a fight. Thanks.
Yeah that’s a bit odd, wouldn’t be surprised to see that change come gametime unless [NAME] is shook or something.
There has to be someone that loves you, you just may not see it right now.
this rabbids x drag race collab is everything i didn't know i needed
#India right of reply at #UNGA - #Pakistan preaching of human rights is by a country which is itself the global epicentre of #terrorism #india #unga #pakistan #terrorism
Okay, two men's fault.
Yeah, for sure. I've definitely come pretty close to panic attacks at the dentist as well.
That said–due to passing the 50yr mark awhile ago–I know most of the #horrific damage to the #planet won't occur before my 'natural' #death. #horrific #planet #death
[NAME] FINALLY fournier, [NAME]
@tweetingacct @amandacarpenter @TeamTrump the 'pledge' would have never have to be made if petulant child POStrump didn't threaten to run
I had an anourism and got stage 4 terminal cancer from reading that so I reckon that means I need the tablet
Her bi energy is so strong tbh
Oof, somebody doesn’t like anyone to make jokes or enjoy anything. It least we’re not complete pricks, douche.
Ok then :)
This country is an absolute shithole. Our police are no better than the filth they should be catching!
[NAME] still has the most TDs, as a receiver, this season out of anyone... He needs to chill.
REALITY BENDS TO MY WILL!
hmmm interesting i just threw up
Drop Snapchat names #bored  #swap #pics #bored #swap #pics
Neat idea, but it looks terrible as a tool. It's faster to just separate with your hands.
Tell... what? I’m confused.
Lost my only grandfather two years ago to Alzheimer's, this is great news knowingly this disease sucks
not going to waste my energy holding a grudge against someone who wasnt even in my life a year XD \ntime to release those feelings of dislike
So no resignation or impeachment. Bummer. Naive me had high hopes the great [NAME] wouldn't escape the noose this time.
[NAME] bless uncle [NAME]
@BetteMidler @Adele @TheGarden @charitybuzz Also, apart from Skyfall, her music is dire and boring.
Feeling this so hard right now. Virtual hug.
@ReaganBattalion That's a terrible thing to accuse Scott Baio of.
back then at school there was a girl in my class who probably had social anxiety too but i never said anything to her...
yo STOP going on your roof on dxm man you don't want to fall and hurt yourself
🧀 <——The best gold for you! 🙌
First secure might be 2v2 in solo lane, solo with jungler just after blue buff maybe, later help might be not needed for the winning solo
It’s okay my mother in law left her Prius running outside my house for overnight and most of the next day.
Someone who's done very little to earn your ire. Did I piss in your cornflakes?
Yes! I started it off on a lie! And?
It would be nice if he was at least a spirit. They have plenty more obscure anime characters as spirits already you know?
the trend was that i didn't really like any of them. Turns out i was just desperate.
I'm surprised that this is still happening despite the threats of an invasion of manbij.
@TheBarmyArmy looking forward to div 2 next year @AndyBarmyArmy? #revenge #leictershireaway #therey #revenge #leictershireaway #therey
Check out my mémés. (That word is from japanese pop culture right?)
I live in Northern Ontario too, but damn that sounds rough. Where were you from?
I thought you would say it was because Finland doesn’t really exist.
[NAME] and [NAME] would be amazing, maybe [NAME] too.. The Rolling Stones, [NAME] and [NAME].
It was weird indeed, but I liked it too! (Maybe because I’m a musicals geek).
She's foaming at the lips the one between her hips @realobietrice, one of many great lyrics
I got laid the first time directly after that game too Not sure if there's a correlation, just thought I'd contribute
Nawaz Sharif's UN should start #सत्य_बोध_यात्रा as after all his #UNGA speech has awaken the world about their role in sponsoring #terrorism #सत #unga #terrorism
Same here. Waiting for the doctor rn. Hope you're ok
You forgot to add how you hated your job or had a sick kid or some other sob story that changed once you met [NAME]
I'm just still . So happy .\nA blast
The amount of salt in this thread is overwhelming.
Haha I remember her! And that documentary was insane. (its on Netflix and is called The Rachel Divide, for anyone who is wondering.)
Can you expand a bit? That would be interesting for us that are not in the know.
What can we do? If we can’t go home, we won’t. Miss home but can’t return—don’t burden our hometown. Who’s to blame? Everyone from top to bottom shares responsibility.
Watched the rocket launch 🚀—so proud! The nation needs these professionals and positive energy.
So wtf can I do then ? All the killers I was good with I suck with now and ruin is cleansed way too damn fast anymore .
@RoWillFindYou Eric couldn't help but laugh, though that made him wince in pain. It hurt. A lot. He just wanted to sit down somewhere —
I know but it just makes me gag.
We would leave ours up a long time. Cooperate decides when the come down. Maybe that's why.
@CGasparino Give it up Gas, I don't hate u, I just don't respect ur rudeness. #bully #bully
I didn't realise this was happening! Thank you! It was hard to tell from OPs photo what the changes were
[NAME] is gorgeous and so are you.
The @Orioles are in contention and hosting @RedSox nation and Camden is empty
You mean I shouldn't be doing treating it that way now?
I'm pretty sure [NAME] is the single most reported character in the game.
[NAME] you are a freak.
I don’t know who the hell [NAME] is but I am now curious after seeing the word “again”.
These are some of the most talented marbles I've ever had the honor and privilege of watching.
I wasn't ready for the wholesomeness when I saw it.
Be careful mentioning the word "dio" on the internet.
You cant post that without proof
If I get 100 points on this comment I will make this app for Android. (I am an Android developer)
@savageimiike one of my favorite songs brother, real talk. #rage #rage
Incredible how you can... SEE RIGHT THROUGH ME!!!
Don't torture yourself like that.
It's funny cause those cowboys do the gay sex with each other...
> I am not [begging] for money Yes you are. Rule 2.
@el_tityboi bc it's a gloomy day Tony
was that hutty from [NAME]?? ahhh that makes me so happy. love those boys e: oh it was a rebound
D'oh, it's even in the title! Thanks.
Ignorance, Illustrated
@ATTCares why do I have 2 wait 48 hours to call YOU back to cancel an order I JUST placed after already spending 2 hours on the phone?! #sad #sad
Thank you that’s very insightful.
He will the author already spoiled it in previous chapters.
Leeds surely to drop the prices for that cup tie, rather than the dismal attendance last night..
I took it for a year. Had that problem before, during and after. May be coincidental timing for it to start being noticeable.
Oh my [NAME] your desk is fucked.
I will pray for you. [NAME] bless
The only thing wrong with her is her face. Maybe she has a giving personality?
:o thats pretty good. Not what envision my boy [NAME] but I like this alot.
She didn't seem to have an issue with them judging her as "cool" tho
And I said, 'wouldn't that have _prevented_ you from having the name [NAME]?', and he said *FUCK*
Yeah I know a lot of people fail to realize it or at least right away
I hate not having the answers I need. #tomourssuck #prayinsnotcancer  #tomourssuck #prayinsnotcancer
Yeah with this and the other thread DoorDash is definitely down. Just go home and don't answer any 650 numbers
Imagine knowing the world was going to know you're going through puberty, with pictures! And thanks! Huge online comic fan.
I think it's your choice that determines it
What can’t be managed? Afraid of starting a world war? If they won’t listen, fine — clear everyone from the carriage, leave only their family, and isolate them at the next stop.
@TheBarmyArmy looking forward to div 2 next year @AndyBarmyArmy?  #leictershireaway #therey #leictershireaway #therey
In both points and fouls Edit: [NAME], looks like he didn't pick up that foul. Good news!
Sticking his tongue out.... ugh
I hope he isn't scared to over power the thibs guys on the coaching staff. It seems like he is a hestitant to make any major changes.
Haha that literally made me laugh out loud OMG I'm still dying. Take this upvote man. Well deserved
This is something kids do on their twitch streams to get subs, pretty sad.
That’s not a good thing to do. And taking it into account for sentencing is fine. But she’s still guilty.
That makes sense, thanks
You good.
B E N
I thought the exact same thing. Especially since he kept saying he hadn't done anything wrong. He totally smoked crack with her.
Banks! I knew it!
i is sad
Good one.
Strong and stable...
Gotta love Alabama School Fundraisers. You know that dad paid big bucks with how excited he is
All the best to you in 2019! I hope whatever lies next for you is rewarding. :)
This is fantastic!
Mother-fucking legitimate, charity fireworks!
@YahooCare data stolen in 2014 and only now do you tell us .
Me as [NAME] with shatter ready when I see [NAME] & [NAME] alone in the back line:
Dude! Coyotes are no joke. Good job, [NAME].
It can be entertaining and funny
People at alphabet freaking out rn
This is wack
Very kind and calm female here. Never yell or say/do anything to hurt anyone. I once threw a chair at my boyfriend. Completely out of character.
Honestly his post was a little sad. The fact that it got upvotes makes me want to avoid this sub over the summer.
"Figured you might like to learn something."
Listening to these refugee children, barely a decade old, describe the horrific acts they were forced to commit is terrifying. #DatelineSBS #datelinesbs
No problem, hope things get better for you guys soon!
I’m not listening to a fucking plant.
There were many police there and interviewing the mom.
You're probably right and how terrible of them, if so. Poor [NAME].
No surprise, it's nearly impossible to find a seat in the library any time remotely close to exams.
> Places of business need wider tables and open seating Open-plan Offices are a Disaster.
That's a really good one too. I am pretty upset to learn how limited my vocabulary is
That's the weirdest dream I've heard of, but maybe you just have a high midichlorian count 😂
*With a screech, the green witch snatched her broom and flew out her window.
I was just watching the episode last night. So adorable.
I am truly sorry for you because that "song" is so awful
[NAME] hand must have burned holding that blasphemous law book.
what app is this? i see the layout every now and then i’m just curious
yup I was like "what, are porn mags scary now?" and then it clicked
Ahaha alright. Im done. Peace man good luck with everything :)
NO BOY! NO MORE FREEDOMS TO GO AROUND HERE! Now go back to your room and give me your toy guns immediately
At this point he decided to consult the woman at the front desk for more information.
[NAME] and [NAME] are definitely not wings. I like the other guys though.
Good news though. Yesterday the devs were running test server during the morning.
Sorry, but this was already on our front page recently, so I'm gonna have to remove it.
> 1 who was asleep [NAME]? Then who was using the phone at 9:20?
But they didn't because it's fake.
[NAME] fuck I know this feeling for academics though, not sports.
This pretentious dick in Night Gallery just fucking, used a towel to dry off his sink
Lol they’re in for a big surprise.. does anyone know how TIMs will actually age?
He gets to watch boxing for free and get paid for it. It's probably his dream job. I'm happy for him! :)
And the problem?
He seems like the most genuine dude. I’m so happy to have him as our coach.
I love that he wears the rad suits. You do you Mr [NAME].
"it doesn't count if you're drunk"? Wow.. Imagine that being used as an excuse in other situations.
Philebus by [NAME]. Quite under-studied imo. It's really insightful and a beautiful read.
Oh sorry if I seemed dishonest. I hope you can make it through your mourning.
I knew I recognized this road! Damn, glad she's okay.
I think a lot of those same people are just over it.
Suns fan here, I firmly believe you guys keep number one. Just having a bad game
That and hoping the cultists on trumps side can give them enough time to get out before it all goes down in flames, your country that is.
[NAME] was such a disaster at OC, I really don't feel comfortable even implying he's in Schotty's league.
Who knew softballs could sting so bad? Jimmy Fallon has been under a lot of heat for his &amp;ldquo;softball&amp;rdquo; Donald Trump interview
ITS A SECKS THING SWEATERVEST!!!!!!!!1111
@voguemagazine, did you not learn from @FreePeople 's viral insult to ballet? Stop trying to wrongfully stick models into pointe shoes 🙄
Heels are fucking hot. Do you like the crop used on you, him, or both?
aha, guilty
Oh my [NAME] that's so awkward
Wow that's a burden, I'm sorry.
Its important that we get members from all over the political spectrum, no one wants a circlejerk.
I'm just gonna hit "back" now. See you guys.
Maybe you should fatshame him and see if the results will come full circle.
Just rubbish.
Yes owe I believe 13,000$ something on it currently.
I don't think this makes much sense for Sacramento.
Right. It was wasted screen time. But oh no, we couldn’t have a Snoke flash back that was 30 seconds *at most*.
To bad your mother didn’t swallow your dumbass
Wait, what does golf have to do with this?
[NAME] woke up, it was all a dream, he was really looking forward to King [NAME] visiting Winterfell. They had a good time
I love that I’m smart, but not so smart that I’m socially awkward.
Your an idiot and trying to justify your ignorance.
@palmtreesarah @WorthingTheatre had more fun than the funniest person in funsville..... Much hilarity as usual.... Thank you ❤️
i am SO anxious all the time leaving the house is horrid
I think you might be underestimating some people sadly.
The pats losing is a good thing.
Lets see if [NAME] cares about playing hard in [NAME] return to LA. I think we can win if our players actually play hard and care.
Which three of you motherfuckers changed it from 666 upvotes when I clicked on this post?
Feeling insecure now
Well said.
Yeah, that's why I feel [NAME] or [NAME] would have a better chance.
Good. I'm glad that you are getting help.
How is it suppose to work if you do that? Wtf dude? Thanks for pissing me off.
Character and emotions are not the reigning champion one year earlier...
I have a feeling if my car won’t start my ETL would come and Uber me to work
@WunderlistHelp are you guys still down? When can we go up?
of moms give birth BY 30. About 11-13% of women are childless. Please lol some more.
> salt rifles. but then how will we kill the flies??? /s im sorry, I had to.
Such a disappointment
Nigga write me talking bout I dreamt about you, cool I hope I was haunting you in a nightmare
You're gonna die tomorrow.
Society sucks. I don't even consider myself a part of society.
Thats just dumb, u are stealing from people that just want to live a good life cuz other were unlucky, they were also unlucky by being born.
Don’t worry, we can be crucified together 🙌🏿
wow. how arrogant of him /s
My favorite thing about this is that OP doesn’t clarify which item he’s so excited about.
It's weird to think of a functioning email account that's existed at the same time as the Twin Towers
would I be correct to refer to this as "pop feminism?" I think we're talking about the same thing when I say that.
“I genuinely don’t want to lose you I love having you there for me” says it all really
Ugh. It makes sense why you spend so much time with him. Still please please don't marry him.
Let me calm you down a bit:
Thank you for your service in the military and your attempted service in the patrol. [NAME] bless you.
No not funny just sad
Michelle is one of the worst players in bb history #bb18 #bbfinale #bitter #bb18 #bbfinale #bitter
Really seemed like a great guy :(
>image management issue Seriously?! I must have missed that.
Hey, thanks! :)
You shifty leafs were too nice. Something had to be up.
Sometimes I think the Padres link these rumors just to remind the world they still exist. ... But it would be fun if they actually came true.
This is sad but not cringe, I hope he finds someone to play with soon 😪
Your part of the problem why autism isn't taken seriously
He's just keeping the pieces warm for you.
@AlohaJonathan @AtlantaFX all I've seen is that clip of the jail scene with the sexuality part which was hilarious
Am I getting old or is that just really dumb?
You were in a movie once!
Yeah, it'll be a pretty strong 3 team race among the Nats Braves & Phillies! It'll be fun to watch it from afar!
Honestly i have no clue. Just got my feelings hurt by the mean things he was saying to nurk and wanted to cyberbully him in response
I just hope [NAME] gets hired
Thanks! Itll take some getting used to for sure but I'm excited to move on.
Rofl this pysyk kid is a disgrace
oh my [NAME] that first post 🤢🤢
Pops are joyless, soulless toys which look nearly identical.  They are the perfect expression of consumerism.  'I enjoy this franchise'
Yeah, but are [NAME] really willfully ignorant? Their beliefs come easy to them.
Honestly right now I just need to know why our usernames are so similar. Haha...
Omg yes kaede pure and soft must protect
It's my monthly luxury. I don't go to Starbucks or eat out, I instead go to Disney lol
Regarding return-home policy — instead of answering citizens’ questions, just issue directives to local governments. Communities say “no official notice, we can’t act.” Saying “no blanket rules” is useless if you don’t send formal orders.
They asked him twice about Bayern and he just kept saying he can't talk about it, so not very reassuring really.
My exam is over and my winter break starts now 🎉🎉💃 I've been waiting for this omg
“Under ten thousand, under ten thousand”—but is there healthcare? Education? Even at a thousand, no one would go.
It’s irreversible, we’ve started something bigger than we know.
Liu Xin was wrong too. I can understand her fear then, but her actions afterward are unacceptable.
Glad she's not living in a bubble then....
I can always make new friends because I'm charismatic, but I still really care about them.
As a democrat, even I am afraid of a super majority.
Wow City all of a sudden not so invincible anymore, have as many defeats as us now...
>[NAME] dead body lie the mud and she have smug face because she had her revenge against [NAME] What scene was this?
I own literally no red shirts, would grey, tan, or purplish be okay?
Well, we need to know so we can get the fuck as far away as possible.
It just feels like everything is so false. If I can't care about myself why would anyone else.
Hey NASCAR fans. Are you going to the race in Loudon this weekend?  Why not stop by New Day Diner for a great hearty breakfast before you go
Calm down and relax are the worst things to say to a woman, ever.
We've been bamboozled
This might be my favorite scene in the whole series
Who should I keep? 1 keeper. .5 PPR ten teams [NAME] [NAME] [NAME] [NAME] [NAME]
A guy tried to do this in France after the French Revolution. Did not go well.
Fair enough. But he’d basically become an off tank with all that healing lol. I already get raped by reaper enough (tank main)
it was sweet but when i woke up it taste bitter got some tears in my eyes.
I wish to die with my will and spirit intact!
Not having sex doesn't mean you can't talk about it especially if the ultimate goal is proper coexistence.
The SNP were, I remember [NAME] stridulating about it at conference, but I don’t think it was a go-er.
Man I feel like crap today 😰
I knew there were bits on this section I had struggled with, like the massive drop offs ( okay, maybe not massive, but they seemed massive to me ) and the steep switchbacks, but again I managed to avoid the urge to grab handfuls of brakes and shut my eyes, and I forced myself to ride the first big drop off and the next few were suddenly much less scary.
>Poly people look at the numbers and just see lots of opportunities ;) I like how that's put
Sounds weird but dont swallow
Thought about that too, guess it's just not the games intention to make the player a part of the things happening in it...
Stuck in this place, With the world rushing by, Tears stream down my face, As I stand here, waiting to die.
It's pretty convenient
Yes. Half the posts on this sub are about posing. I think the pose she is pulling is ridiculous too...
I am even more concerned now[](#face-support) #face-support
Suddenly another plane was involved, heading for Washington and my heart stopped beating for a few seconds as the implications of what was happening took me to my knees.
@NHLstoreNYC  cheering for @TeamNA_WCH and @HC_Men
Doing something you don’t like can be hard for anyone but if you just keep your end results in mind you can do anything!
> You seem like I good time see previous statement about being uneducated.
Having met [NAME] wife (figuratively)... I reckon [NAME] is a bit of a monster...
It's wonderful because it's awful. At not with.
You're a brave man for trying claw, I tried it for a week and eventually got pissed and bought an elite controller. Paddles for days!
Same here! I was addicted to her and beaus stories during their trip to Europe right before filming this season. They are the best!
The foul, smelly dump I just took > fallout 76
the day they disclosed they caught her googling cholroform we were fucking aghast
Bitch yes!
Thank you so much. I fixed it
Wendy’s sauce I hope lol
Fuck your husband
Fuck this gif
SO SMUG!
Oh bb please tell me about possible sanctions
I loved the reaction the cast of BP gave when they announced Spider Verse won. They couldn’t contain their excitement
oh, btw - after a 6 month depression-free time I got a relapse now... superb #depression #depression
and apparently he's supposed to have a Scottish accent??? I'm
This has nothing to do with public ignorance — medicine is specialized and cautious, especially epidemiology. Ordinary people can’t know it all; even top scientists can’t master every field!
I meant I wouldn't bring up wanting it to be vanilla and changing terms.
Wayne’s World actually did make queen “mainstream” again. Bohemian Rhapsody charted for a while after Wayne’s World came out.
Believe it or not, I actually am. With the exception of stupidity.
Oh thank [NAME]
I can do the very first part, where he first jumps.
Again, overall, not just for me.
We all love our childbrain president and all the wonderful things he’s doing for ~~white~~ American people.
If you’re being contentious, then I have no interest in discussing this. There’s plenty of other threads you can search.
It's the only way to stop the ache.
As if he heard my thought on the ether, my #ex has just posted #facebook pic of himself snuggling up with said #cats... now Im just  #ex #facebook #cats
Thoight it was weird.
Love the username <3
Delete your account.
That lone pube you forgot to take off in the corner lol
soon i’ll have an army of karens and no one will be able to stop me
Blanket rules are just lazy excuses by local governments. Our small city manages graded control well—what matters is sincerity, not capacity.
/u/DongPhuongDriver, your time to shine!
I'm sure the guy posting is this just gorgeous with the best personality ever
This is just too cute.
Wait his nostrils are plugged? Isn’t that the opposite of breathing?
Are you located in Wellington? Just interested to see where garage project is available in New Zealand, because i've heard its limited...
Happy new year. 🍾
That was informative. Thank you.
Well I WISH SOMEONE WOULD'VE TOLD ME THAT
Lmao thanks for the update!
After that it went downhill with me feeling like I was going to throw up, my throat hurting like hell and my head punding.
Karma ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ What a great example for us all, sir.
“Your friends dead because [NAME] has armor.....and a big fuckin sword!”
You know how I know Boomers are trash? They love [NAME].
Congrats for coming out 😁😁
I think [NAME] has like a clothes/purse/perfume line. Don't quote me though.
I'm pretty sure she wants to be alone with you
Surprised there isn’t more of this lol
Sounds like you’re all very young and she’s just enjoying herself flirting with some friends.
I’m not sure but I assume each season has at least some form of special features.
Thanks for the reply! I appreciate your input. Please keep me in the loop, I’d love to be more active with this if possible.
Congratulations, it is satire!
Looks so surreal that i don't even feel anything looking at this.
I'm still laughing 'Bitch took my pillow' line  #kurt #kurt
At least you can admit you value one innocent person's life over another. What a shock it's the rich politician over the security guard.
Royals can be prosecuted. Princess [NAME] was charged under the dangerous dogs act many years back the monarch enjoys sovereign immunity.
She’s happy she’s taking half of amazon.. [NAME] said [NAME] was a cheater.. win win I guess...
Man I wish they wouldn’t
That first fall was clearly the universe trying to save her from losing her face.
I love a good leg pop
Just turned on the game. I hope I brought the boys some good luck
Haha yes! Ill do that to my cat all the time. He seeems to appreciate the assist
Now this exactly what I came to this sub for
I actually laughed my ass off so hard i had tears. Well done creator!!
Are the special effects too ugly that you’re afraid of criticism? Why haven’t you released it yet? What are you waiting for? Do you think this is some super popular hero? It’s been delayed too long!
THIS BOOK IS FRICKING INSANE LIKE HOLY CRAP.
Since childhood I’ve believed the One-Child Policy was a failed national strategy! It never should’ve been implemented.
Not predictable enough to ever pull it out at the beginning of a round
It never came up.
Thanks a ton again, and honeslty haha im so ready to get out and have my own life for once
So cool! Me and my sissy got the same but on our arms! On twitter!
pretty fukkin sure lmao, its over fam, doing another trumpdown would kill the gop so they wont let him do it
Hate those ~~things~~ Tweets.
it's so cold today I nearly cried just from the temperature and wind I DONT LIKE IT
@missmeliss465 @WellWeds @siggyflicker @whispernghope @mcrichard awe I feel so bad being naive ou is the worst
Totally hamberders the President, thank you
I love this so much
I’m going to bed nowish, hope you’re ok. HMU if you want.
#WTF @NYSCHereToHelp @NYSC allows #gym  #atmosphere! #jumpship #nasty #atmosphere #unprofessional #wtf #gym #atmosphere #jumpship #nasty #atmosphere #unprofessional
I love when [NAME] is a bit more bias with a call when [NAME] isn't. Always makes me giggle.
No organic webs, no [NAME], no [NAME]. Pack your memes, get out of my subreddit. You're NOT [NAME]!
I am really sorry that you are feeling this way. Sending you good vibes and reminding you that you are beautiful.
What happened?
Hahaha! Omg, that’s so funny. Thanks for taking one for the team. I heard it was bad but not that bad.
Frankly speaking, relying solely on kind persuasion for grassroots management is a joke… It’s just that the disobedient people and incidents aren’t shown in the media — because it wouldn’t look good.
I have never seen [NAME]?
Like [NAME] Dad who was replaced after only 1 appearance, [NAME]
Lol I need to see this movie again.
You're the reason Publix was out of meatballs today. Hmph!
@DSWT I despair at this madness! It's beyond #shocking it's cold blooded murder!  How long will #SouthAfrica stand by &amp;watch #WorldRhinoDay #shocking #southafrica #worldrhinoday
You'll find a few down South, too. No surprise.
RIP 'dancing on my own' after that awful song and dance
I still can't figure it out.
You're not going to drastically improve in a day to where itll have any significance in a game hours from the postb
My back hurts, my sinuses are full of fluid, I have been suffering pretty bad depression since my folks were here this weekend, and I am excited because I got new towels.I am an old lady, regardless of how long I have existed.
YOU TOO FRIEND
@cassidyyy_0 literally Nicole already had her chance and she played shitty both seasons. #bitter #bitter
Wouldn't you think it's better to just show up earlier?
Tfw when not only is it tiny, but it’s damn ugly too. :(
I've finally found my people who know the struggle.
I want to compete but not wait 1 hour finding unfair matches.
[NAME], u are a real piece of shit
Omw. When my man sends me that I get all warm and excited cuz I know I get to spends the next couple hours or days with him
Thank you so much. I'm really glad you found yourself. I hope to get there.
This is so me! ⚰️
That would have been a funny had we never made playoffs
"Cute dog, what's his name?" "[NAME]" ( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)
thanks for the correction.
I am confusion!
It's better to be wetter than it is dry' - @RLevin91 certainly found that hilarious #GBBO #gbbo
Three. Three layers of bad.
keep everything well hydrated
Plenty of streamers dance provocatively in revealing clothes, making suggestive moves — yet their streams aren’t shut down.
One time a girl grabbed my hand and dragged me out onto the floor.
you almost blew my fucking mind there.
Does not look bad! Thnx!
He is a moron.
@VodafoneUKhelp @VodafoneUK wow!! My bill is £44.77 and hav a text from u to prove that and you have taken £148!!!!! #swines #fuming #con! #swines #fuming #con
Keep going! Every day you stick with it is another victory you can cherish!
:( bastards
Still undecided. May depend on how much an uber costs, lol.
[NAME]? Because [NAME] will def be in the white house.
thank you for your answer
We need to get some away wins now more than ever. 2nd half of the season, no more time to be circle jerking each other!
I never said yes, I just said “they this is vague and hard to give a response to” 🤷🏽‍♀️
Anyone from outside the province is deemed “malicious returnee,” even with proof of safety — absurd!
I mean he ended his “I don’t want drama” rant on instagram plugging his album so it makes sense 😂
sad that the Euphoric tipbot is no more
cutest vid I've seen in a while
Reddit is so right wing I can’t even believe it
It’s more like a bunch of vaguely veiled racists and sexists and MAGAtards. Unless that’s what you consider “good.”
#I DID NOT HAVE SEXUAL RELATIONS WITH THAT WOMAN. #i
Signed jersey from the Bulldogs 2012 team.
Is this [NAME] brother??
I can't wait for all these now unregulated projects to demonstrate why we had regulations in the first place.
Me and my brother were both born and raised in SC but both our parents are from MI. So we were raised fans from the beginning
@siomo @NEWSTALK1010 20 says he gets reelected.....  #be #afraid #be #afraid
Get out asap.
This all resent #India #Pakistan problem is save #NawazSharif\n@ImranKhanPTI\n@PTIofficial #india #pakistan #nawazsharif
Not sure, can't really feel anything from any other memory that had strong emotional ties
Welcome to the future, kid. Unfortunately your mom isn't coming.
what are you doing here, [NAME]
I still hate Catcher Eggman!
That really is all they have. He’ll just keep asking questions in bad faith to continue getting your attention.
I got through it when I got home, thanks! :)
Thank you. Yeah it's a nice thought, being sheltered and happy before any worries or drama. It would be nice...
Ooh I thoughy today was last day. Damn it I spent 10 hrs playing HvV today😑.
yeah (my bad I should've mentioned this)
It's like calling [NAME] because he's a liar. He's waying the people are rats.
oh wow, that's great news! 12 episodes of a good show always leave me on my appetite!
I’m just glad that the academy is FINALLY progressive enough to nominate a mediocre [NAME] biopic directed by a pedophile.
This person is a god damn idiot
@DeionSandersJr @DeionSanders so bad...Slash prices or send them to refugee camps, like team gear after they lose championships.
Latest update: 1. The cabin hospital has rearranged rooms; now I share with another guy who tested negative twice. 2. Before 8 AM tomorrow, I’ll get another test; if negative, I may be released. Whether I’ll go to a hotel for further quarantine or go home is unclear. Many thanks to all staff and everyone who supported me and followed this.
Am I the only one who is glad I saw this meme? I mean I'm officially traumatized, but still.
And the United fan boys cover their eyes in horror
Hopefully the Chouteau Greenway ends up narrowing Market street back to its original width.
Deadass? Shoook?? Come on [NAME], do you really talk like that? You sound dumb.
i'm calling [NAME] noms with [NAME] [NAME]
Her boyfriend wouldn't propose until the Capitals won a ring, she's telling everyone at the bar the whole story.
> Has WD-40 instead of blood [NAME] RBG would be awesome.
They also manually deleted Mumkey Jones channel for no reason.
Usually fly fishing. During winter I like cooking, enjoying a glass of wine or a joint.
How disgusting. Those vile people can burn in hell!
>so it doesn't seem like I'm a ~~whimp~~ wimp If someone actually says that to you, they're the wimp not you.
Thanks for the advice I really appreciate it and I hope you're doing better now!
I love how much [NAME] winds up the tories and just shouts over them while they protest - great speaker
That Hu really talks nonsense. Two young girls often use affectionate nicknames, especially in Japan. Clearly, he’s never experienced girlhood.
I don't judge anyone with this stuff trust me I can hold it close to my face so I could make tea!
Yeah but FGM is basically like cutting off the head of the penis entirely. I'm uncut myself but I get why people do it
My overly processed vegan avocados are slowly killing me
*ads even more trashier
I get Botox for migraine and my eyebrows don’t do this ... she looks like she is on drugs .
You guys are well behind
😳The intensity that @sydneyswans play at is extraordinary #relentless #AFLCatsSwans #AFLFinals 🏉👏🏿 #relentless #aflcatsswans #aflfinals
I'd be ok with it if you get one less card when you mulligan
What a pain. I don’t understand the tantrums whatsoever. Respectfully decline or express incompatibility and some of them just explode out of no where! Smh
Hooray! ...But I'll still never be able to afford a home.
Acne scars unfortunately and also out of anxiety I tend to pick at my skin.
When they touch my arm or shoulder while talking. Usually they do it with no sexual intent at all, but it still gives me butterflies.
[NAME] enslaved the [NAME] and MLMs enslave...well...everybody.
Wow! You were either a very precocious child or still lived at home when your wisdom teeth came in.
Generally, yes. That doesn’t make being attractive necessary criteria for being successful and it doesn’t detract from any of your positive qualities
"Lazy ass" Oh my, the irony
Fuck this boring ass 9-5 corporate bullshit. I feel like starting a podcast about the Bulls.
Haha yeah!
I said nothing of the sort.
As much as I love cold fries, reddit karma is oh so good!
Ooft! Brave attempt to spin the tories losing in Scotland again.
Oh yeah. Here's hopin to Persona next.
I was incredibly nervous; I had butterflies in my stomach and my legs felt weak.
@Cpt_SRogers_\n'Well it can go one of two ways. You either get over it and accept it, because it's not going to change, or you mope about --
The EPA allowed DuPont to use a chemical that literally kills people in their nonstick pans. They can be bought too unfortunately.
Our local epidemic staff said anyone returning from Fengtai must isolate for 14 days — classic one-size-fits-all policy.
[NAME] throws the puck to the slot for a cutting [NAME] who puts a one-timer to the back of the net
Cant talk about the a***a
Thanks for the insight. I guess I’m coming off a bit ignorant and maybe naive.
> shoddy hitboxes, imprecise movement Compared to what 3D game exactly? Have you not played Dark Souls?
it's weird how all of these people who are *so* much smarter than successful people can never seem to make anything of themselves
Eat my fuck- [NAME]
Because it was smh lol
Yikes. I admire your patience
“I still have a 7 year old” translation one kid is still an asshole 😂😂😂 Source have an 8 year old
I know. Idk what to say after they say they already have one. I say oh good! And then it's awkward
Haha yep. Thanks. Fixed it!
Oh hey, the actual answer
We headed north on a sunny Saturday morning in what has become our standard mode of travel-Todd with the steering wheel in one hand and a cup of coffee in the other; me with my nose buried in a book.
@berniedole looks that way. But let's think about Rohan last week ... #optimism #optimism
Go for it! It may be a great thing.
Possible Spoiler What about the [NAME] animation?
He's a cool guy, he just had a rare lapse in to verysmart territory
Noice! I hope to improve my Mika with this~ Thank you and may the Muscle Spirit be with you!
You can never beat an auld apple tart and custard. They'll love you. Nice pit of tea to wash it down 🍀
So if it was a 14yo girl and she wanted it it’s ok?
I filed for divorce this morning. Hoping he moves out in the next day or so.
I’m just shitposting dude. In the spirit of the thread “I was bored”
@mcjamie sadly. It's just.. Did the dude have to yell out the frogs name at the Clinton rally that one day. It changed everything
I read that more as "shut up, hypocrite" than "he's not that bad".
He must really hate changing dies.
4-25 against teams with winning records. 0-7 on Monday Night Football. The guy can't show up when it matters.
I feel a little sad for her. That she thinks the only options or something to do is having kids. Fuck her tho.
[NAME], I hope so..
Thanks for sharing. I've actually been to the Allen.
where else would one buy the ingredients from? Like are their dozens of ice cream suppliers?
Lots of us in Texas. Dallas is a nice mix of moderate conservatives, libertarians, and moderate liberals. I like it here.
I’d love to get my hands on a 4th gen z28
Transitioning to a new job is hard when you have nothing but joyful memories of the previous one. Thanks @LifeTeen for changing my life! ❤️
Its acts as a moisture barrier so the bread wont get soggy no matter what you put in it
Matinee games should not be allowed for us anymore, we’re terrible at matinee games
-20 here and I took the dog for a walk. He's lucky I love him.
@tmz @HarveyLevinTMZ   Hell hath no fury like a women scorned.    It's the affair.  Not the parenting
But asking kids he teaches about him and then telling us that. Weird flex
Omg ur like soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo quirky!
Stop being disgusting. I dont know if you know this but all dogs are naked.
Show me one conservative congressman/senator who is actively fighting climate change to break this stereotype
Does you guys remember brutal left hand by the hitman hearns against [NAME]
You might be on to something, but did you have a question?
When I harass women with innuendo and they politely deflect, they know I am right. At least that's what I told the judge.
Yeah I’d love a before and after!
You're just mad because you're starting to realize that you're reaaaaaaaaaaally close to being a [NAME].
It has been medically proven that laughter is an effective pain killer.
That hug at the end was like a you’re too precious and innocent for this world”
Haha I’ll try and avoid it. Nowhere currently on my list is in Alabama
I feel ya :/
The parallel universe answering machine:
I cringed so much just reading that tweet, I didn't even make it to the comments. That's my fucking President. :(
I'm so happy you said this. I just accepted that I was going crazy.
Fingerprints not [NAME] or [NAME] red is [NAME] don’t just make things up now that is sad !
I guess you were hoping for love from someone who is not well enough to offer love.
She has a point. The water from the runoff channel behind my house tastes way worse than the water from my sink.
Reminded me of this Bizarro comic.
@EmbitteredIcon *Sam grins against Steve's lips, murmuring his words with a playful tone* You want the shirt off? I sure i could accommodate
He's active tonight
Yes, you’re right. Thank you for your kind words.
Don't hold your breath!
@lee_family5 @USAneedsTRUMP @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump You can't be serious. This man practices no religion. Only in church campaignin
I couldn't agree more.
Yeah pretty much. People do change, but never ever do they change because someone else demands it from them.
The caption says "tried", but it seems she actually did get away with not paying. What really happened?
so he went a lil faster ( keep in mind we never went really fast ) and i lost the tray, hit my knee on the ground, and tried to hang on until he stopped!
So now I can't get defensive when you're being offensive? lol
I’m only allowed to see counselor once every 2 weeks, so that sucks. Thanks! Best of luck to you too
Thank you so very much for this. Our culture seems to frown upon the mindset of leaving them out to dry.
And she would would enjoy wearing
we're getting our top men right on that.
[NAME] might steal this format if that’s ok with you lol
Morocco sucks, I don’t blame you for not wanting to go
I’m sorry about your friend.
And you truly need to be there and see this wide spread nonchalant attitude to truly understand it how bad and rampant it is.
What a legend
Not where I expected that to go...but uh...good luck out there!
Yeah agreed, it’s great to see!
I’d say it’s rare, but never?
You have my support.
But, to his dismay, the toilet won't flush.
I remember them looking very happy. I loved that they were there and seemed very happy about what was happening.
Not terrible, but compared to the rich earlier plot, the ending feels rushed—like finishing homework last minute.
I'm am L O L ! Beautiful! Use that brain. It's a good one. ~toktomi~
Oh ok, so we're agreeing. I didn't see that last part where you put him at 22. My bad. :-)
My problem was that Flashpoint ended in 1 episode, when it could've been an entire arc
Lots, play store or apple store vpn. Nord is good
First: I WANT TO KNOW ABOUT *YOUR* DAY!
Why do you want it to be the world's leader and savior, outta broken and needs some alone time.
You had great seats!
Idiots gonna idiot.
I think OD needs a rework. Get rid of that crappy 50% passive and give him some sort of active or a proper passive ability.
thank you so much. i needed this.
Damn I got a notif from a (very cute) friend saying "no u" on Discord right before I saw this
Especially the Lexus peeps. Just baffles me how they dash in their nice cars.
@almurray hit the sink with a hammer... sorry, the universal modifier!
카니발 sounds more like cannibal than carnival.
[NAME] dude... Hasn't anyone ever told you... Never trust a crackhead NEVER!
I woke up drunk and mouthy
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @flydudern  #musically #musically
Search your feelings, you know it to be true
Omg I want this dog ❤️❤️❤️
Sports obsessions are basically religion to some people. And those same people make fun of the "geeks" at Comic Con... ERROR 404: Logic not found.
@X_KIMTAEHYUNG_X \n— momentarily before it disappeared, only solemnity and anxiety lacing his features. \n\n'I ran out to get you before —
Meh, I still rock my Burns jersey with pride.
DON’T VOTE EAT TRASH DO DRUGS GET CASH EAT ASS DIE FAST THE FUCKING MOTTO BORN TO DIE THE WORLD IS A FUCK
So now it’s a habit to live in a country without a running government I guess!
Hush up. This is one of our greatest accomplishments. Teaching minorities the subtle art of self suppression though mutual degradation was no small task.
I'm not surprised at all considering, you know, buzzfeed
I personally find it very funny how they talk about vaccines not helping against cancer, while there isn't even a vaccine against cancer
@JUSTICESLUT420 sadly this sort of poster died by the 90s afaik
[NAME] has been somehow worse than [NAME] so far. Do we have any other subs who couldve played as wingers?
You can do it!!!
This was the scene that hooked me on the show.
Doesn't mean we can't improve on what we have
What am I missing here? It's a noun, so no past tense?
great reference my friend
Wow, after the past 2 seasons that seems like it was like 6 years ago.
I'm gonna guess other people in the Texans org don't feel he deserves the credit you're giving him.
Appreciate the honesty though
So we got Summer’s model now. Team STRQ flashbacks next volume?
Brave would be the movie you’re looking for
I think he’s likely to be a platoon player with Mad Max this year.
Dont worry. I'll help you.
You become assertive and take back your share of the power and control over your life. Go get No More Mr. Nice Guy.
Oscars are trying to be more hip and contemporary now, so don't be surprised if [NAME] and [NAME] win.
I love the jab berto. It’s literally in thin air.
I clearly did mean she was being held back by SHD. Thanks for pointing it out! I guess that was missed (?)
I wish they would put dfs in for [NAME] right now
No. You seem to still be completely misunderstanding what memory conformity is. Are you familiar with the process as documented in the peer-reviewed literature?
I'll take two please good ser.. How many chickens do I owe you ?
There are millions and millions of girls in the world. You will find someone better, trust me
Oh. Sorry.
Scotland aren’t the best team to compare against. On their day the could debatably beat NZ on a bad day they lose to America
I'm pretty relaxed thanks for the concern though
I wish I could get the entire interview but it's from a SiriusXM Radio Show
He said it was rather delicious and tried to spoon feed me.
What does /s even mean?
@jonfavs Don King is an insult to the intelligence of the Black Community.  What are these people thinking?
Easy for you to say — yes, grassroots has flaws and your critique is fair, but you’ve gone too far. You say “strategically value, tactically despise,” but this virus needs tactical focus! The West valued strategy too — America failed in tactics and details. Sudden worsening can happen overnight!
I enjoy the harsh throat hit, reminds me of cigs. Edit: Mango is still my favorite though.
With only 7 months left until I possess my undergraduate degree, I feel like I can't handle adulthood anymore  #nojobsinbiology #nojobsinbiology
Now #India is #afraid of #bad #terrorism. #india #afraid #bad #terrorism
Incels can't even get a pleb thing called sex. Sex is for [NAME] apparently.
@RockSolidShow @Pat_Francis #revolting cocks if you think I'm sexy! #revolting
@RapeseedOilFans \nWho nose where those scent roses went\nTo a spot in the Orient\nMummified\nIn rapeseed oil fried\nEating drinking &amp; merriment.
Everytime i see a T-Wolves game and i see [NAME] running around with the number 67 jersey on i just laugh
Funny enough, there is a five guys. I don't think the government knows it's American.
Me for the last 3 years lol
Kinda like a thing that comes out of the ground and it smells nice, I think. Cannot confirm
I truly believe talent without effort is meaningless; only through hard work can one’s talent truly shine.
LHW is such a barren shithole that I’d be more excited for this than anyone at 205 getting a shot
Small penis and resulting anger issues.
Okay. I’m not a [NAME], but I love block games? Idk
Congrats mate.
This is the first time I've wanted to see a traffic accident.
@skinkev let's rage
Good luck, I hope you find it really easy! I did, and I’ve never looked back :)
You live in a wonderful fantasy world where all the students will pretend they are not adolescents with raging hormones. Charming.
No problem! I’m glad we can help. Hope it goes well
cute, new driver still cares. Come back in 4 months and u will be showing pictures of that bag thrown on the trunk.
Stop over in old Windsor town mate, we got it all.
Same, I hate myself for finding the last 4 chapters... my heart is devastated.
No it's not crazy , there are parts the we still don't understand but for the most part everything mades logical sense.
Lol I learned how to train on the app no joke
This...has 9k upvotes. Wow.
What a waste of packaging.
LPT: If you need more money just get a better job that pays more!
>No but I know that fat ass just says [NAME] man bad lol [NAME] is pretty fat. Good observation.
There is no such Thing as [NAME] or an Almighty !
A show like this can only have a rushed ending. What finale do you expect? How high up must the “big boss” go to satisfy you?
interesting theory. I'll try to keep this in mind more. ♥
I wish I could get 9 usd per hour in my job. (not American).
@FitnessFirstAU something needs to be done about people hogging machines - nobody can use 3 machines at one time! #angry #notfair #whypay #angry #notfair #whypay
Thanks for that..
Oh wow, I am so sorry. I hope you find someone who values you for you.
Sorry this shit is happening to you. Thanks for capturing the first [NAME] in WWII. Go Coast Guard.
This wait is killing me . I don’t even care about the Super Bowl.
Hmm thank you. I am not good with words. Can you please elaborate if there is any distinction?
There's also the possibility of mold growing between the skin flaps. That's why some very pbese people can smell like rotting cloth.
I‘m sorry this guy is harassing you, check his history, he‘s trolling.
Gas Crisis. It’s the best episode of all time.
I actually got her IG from the video above. If it’s an issue, the video should be removed.
Read his post again. 'It's more fact based than Fox.' I'm sorry but you might have some extra chromosomes.
Peak Ancap
97.9% are in Haizhu; other areas have around 180+. Haizhu remains the top priority among key areas.
Not sinking in is it. I'm hardly speaking in riddles. Good luck
I always try to remember these incidents whenever someone claims to have experienced something strange, and realize that my stories would sound just as loopy to them.
Yeah that happened to me twice a month for years with an ex. Maybe someday we’ll do it 😅
The little sniffle at the end of the song gets me every time.
Most watched sport in the world lol
I thought it was 'You are only willing to help yourself'. I could be wrong though.
Please bear with me, I'm not Twitter savvy😝 in real life I'm a Facebook person. Help me gain followers 🤓 #blog #selfhelp  #blog #selfhelp
I can relate, and I blame sexual tension because of it.
I wonder can they basejump to the bottom.
I love to how we went to the other room to say that. Not that he realizes he's Miked up and not going anywhere
Stay at home if you’re sick
Is Arges the Bright one available? I see his spawn location is in game now
I find that fascinating considering that racism and sexism so often intersect.
I'm so proud to be british
I were wondering what's the deal with the second pic .Nice find .
I almost downvoted you, because “Boooooooo!”
Happy Another Day random strangers!
Don’t be fooled by Garlic Bread. The cringe still exists.
It's fascinating how each language originated isn't it but the how it happened is beyond my scope.So I don't dwell much upon it.
It did, my LL ex was emotionally and verbally abusive. When I left, it was because I'd rather be *alone* than stay with her.
Save those texts, call the cops, restraining order and no contact. You need to do this for you and the baby.
Brother, we've been separated.
There’s still hope!
Beautiful, nice work
Because they're [NAME]: > Puritanism: the haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy > ([NAME])
Socially it's completely unacceptable to pee your pants.
do it bro, get some practice in, she can teach you alot
>like if onions made porn Lmaoooo 😂😂👏👏
Don't lie to the doctor. You can't expect them to be able to help you if they're going off of false information. Good luck
@clonmacart I'm beaming with glee.
I’m easy going, I take everything with a smile. People around me often comments how I’m always in a good mood.
One day, one of the Nazi soldiers went missing.
I’d love to hear Zombie Bastards, King of the World, and the Angel and the One.
Some demand landlords waive rent, want free supplies, and 200 yuan a day during quarantine. Claim they can’t stay in Guangzhou, but refuse to go home.
Thats a move i havent seen before
I thought archer was like the machine from person of interest. An AI that watches everything and stops crime in some way or deters it.
Those thighs are thick and are probably suffocating him.
I've found multiple people who fulfill a specific need of mine, and I love them all!
I would absolutely hate it if they used it in the games tbh
Damn is it really?! Ah, that makes me love his performance even more
I didn't say [NAME] was on the left. I asked how he isnt on the left, because I dont know. Thanks for your help.
Insipid shite so far. We look mid-table.
I would trade any and all players, no one except maybe [NAME] at this point
EVERY POST YOU MAKE IS AMAZING THANKS MY MAN
#TerrorStatePak @sardesairajdeep Pakistan invitadated 4 times in India and why we worry to invade our own land #PoK?  Which is disputed. #terrorstatepak #pok
he dribbles softly and loosely I dont understand why nobody has fixed it.
Makes me feel better to live in the US.
One of my favorite films. I got to see a screening with a live soundtrack conducted by [NAME]. There were tears in my eyes!
It seems like the problem predates the current administration, which makes me think it has more institutional roots.
I like, don't like it!
Ah got it. Marked it sorry!
Do you feel better now?
I cackled at [NAME] face down in the corner.
thanks <3 *hugs*
Because people hate freedom
What tickles me is how much you seem to dislike [NAME], despite being exactly like him lol
Awesome. Thanks!
Whoa, should've said that in the post. Threats is not good. I'd find a way to live away from him asap.
I wish, have to wait 3 weeks
love after lockup makes DOT posts look like the most sensible things ever!!!!
I want to see more heroes just kill villains. I’ve been playing Tales of Vesperia and got to THAT scene and it got me super hype
She should just go straight to therapy.
You must be new around here.
This might be the worst FO in Orlando magic history
I thought the sane until I got threatening emails from HR
Be prepared for a child support order. But my dad just decided he didn't want to pay any more and the CSEA was ok with that.
Constitutional protections are our best bet. They're the hardest to overturn.
It's like they are gatekeeping tiredness. So weird.
Dont keep your mouth shut.
Well he's right. The evil is a choice, it's not inherent.
I don't need to tell you how you're a paranoid conspiracy theorist you are doing an awesome job of that already!
Yeah he stacked up some snow which is why he was laughing when the ref went to the bench
I constantly feel like I'm my husband's best friend and it's just a matter of time until we break up :(
Nobody panics when a remake goes according to plan, even if the remake is horrifying!
Yeah, sorry for that one. Some opportunities are too good to pass up.
I actually choose to teach an extra class so I can avoid lunch duty. I hate it.
Thank you so much for the help 😊
How is 5th starter not a question?
Don't be disheartened if you didn't get the cards you wanted, it's not the end of the world......E-Eh...? Y-You want me to cheer you up?
I am getting so nervous watching this
Good luck mate!
>ultra-conservatives Um excuse me, I'm actually a Plus Ultra Conservative, thanks!
Haha, maybe at the 55 title party in May
In Chengdu: our workplace called for quake-relief volunteers but new staff like me weren’t allowed. Still, I donated my whole salary in the three fund-raisers.
Right, we don't know for certain. It was just what I've heard. We'll have to wait until we can test it.
holy shit that's bad, maybe the extremist right can't meme either?
Disgusting!!! Where were the adults? The adults probably felt proud of their sons. Fucken toxic culture
[NAME]: "Wait a minute? You're on my list!" [NAME]: "What a coincidence, you're on mine too."
Even after reading all your posts, I still don't understand... 😑
Fun tidbit: You can fall asleep on someone while dancing. #blues #latenight #blues #latenight
I get discouraged because I try for 5 fucking years a contact with Lady Gaga but are thousands of tweets, how she would see my tweet? :(
Yeah, and don't forget the unblockable attack spam storm...
oh god this is the worst
It's the donuts done brought ya back, ain't it?
Look! More complaining about people complaining, thus compounding the issue! What a happy little circle-jerk : ) You guys will never stop.
Far from it. Name me one player that's ever left NY that we wanted to retain. I'll wait.
The fuck? Come from nothing, now something doesn't matter?
So you're saying the penalty for DUI is the same as texting and driving? Because that's what I've been saying it isn't true.
THIS IS NOT DETROIT, MAN! THIS IS THE SUPERBOWL!
I'm sorry but as someone who travels alone I would be pissed if I was told I can't drink at the bar by myself.
This is almost worse than Santa Con. Can we get millenials to destroy this please.
Direct democracy is a terrible idea. People are morons who's opinions are easily manipulated.
No but the fact that it's even a possibility says a lot.
Bloody useless Pakistan
This is the first time I've finished something so cringey. I'm dead inside, thanks.
I hope that you still send her a bag each Christmas?
Just checking in with my fellow zombie pale girls: what kinda brains do you like with your ghoulish pallor?
Or woman who would look beautiful without her glasses and ponytail.
you just use the word weird like that's all there is to it. weird isn't the issue. the issue is garbage
How do you deal with not having pushers? They’re literally our saviors in grocery since we never have time to zone over there...
Get a lawyer for starters. Be prepared. Don't sit on your arse and flip flop. Find out what you really want and then do it.
My favourite goes back to one of the first battles ever on YouTube:
I’ll give this a look. Thanks for consideration.
The entire culture of NE is win at all costs. Not sure where you live but if that kid shovels snow..tell mom to him bring home .
You have to find the right woman honestly and its sad that divorce is so punishing
did you know that the sparkling letters in Super Mario Galaxy spell out U R MR GAY
To annoy you That's the real on reason
HAHA so sorry. I've had a very slow day at work. Been hitting F5 repeatedly. Was surprised it wasn't already posted.
[NAME] and [NAME] for [NAME] then sign [NAME] afraid this battle station is fully operational
Well I'm not to sure what country your from but my school has started integrating more modern views and it isn't all black and white anymore
@OC_Transpo some weeks there are no problems but this week is unbelievable -- are you guys even running regular 12 buses? #awful #solate #awful #solate
So close to that dudes nether bits. Perfect
Not if I legalize it. Then you can buy it.
I personally wouldn't have best offer on and free shipping, customers will always always put a lower offer and you have to cover postage too.
I enjoyed that [NAME] kept saying [NAME] last name wrong over and over.
Makeup existed in 2009 too. Whoever made this is stupid. I hate the whole "milinials dumb" shit.
"You're right. Things are boring. You should find someone who isn't boring. I will too."
That's what I'm speaking purely about. We can only speculate. And oh, yeah, still quality cringe.
I think what 2016 to really needs to round it out is a @cthulhu4america vs @smod2016 twitter debate. End on something joyful, ya know?.
They're there if scroll far enough back (unless, of course, he deleted old stuff)
I've been called ugly, pug ugly, fugly, pug fugly, but never *ugly* ugly.
Thank you, I needed this to vent my frustrations into 😆
Liverpool FC is valued at US$1.9b haha.
@evanareteos :)) im now writing abt the changing face of sex industry in tr :))) now men will talk to me then! #revenge #revenge
Get Ready!
I agree its needs a bit more, due to the 88mm gun, I’ve got the heat T round which really is kinda useless,
Such a good story. Im now a grown man, crying at work... on reddit.
Galaxy brained hot take Your IQ must be near [NAME] levels of hyperinteligence
Isnt this a sociopathic tendency? A total disregard to your danger
Does the country have no way to deal with such people? If this continues, society will only have more abnormal ones.
Obviously excluding shotguns..
I just had to find a corner somewhere, take a deep puff of the Malboro Lights I got from my interpreter, calm my nerves and try to comprehend the events around me.
Giggled so hard
They’re also communist, so that puts them above their reproach
The sad part about this is that these memes are more Gen Z if anything...
The story fits here -- arrogantly oblivious customers from a different viewpoint.
That'll be a testical festival for sure. Have fun.
Wow, I'm glad he's okay.
Gl hf team we can do this! :[NAME]: Whole team leaves
You’ve done us a good service
What a wonderful story! Thank you so much for sharing that just made me smile .
She could and should pursue modeling! It seemed like every time she was on screen, my sister and I were saying how effortlessly beautiful she is!!
Enjoy wes virginnie
@GeneralBakshi Only Indian seems to be afraid of War is @sardesairajdeep n like India is for WAR! WAR! WAR! we cry war. #PakistanMustPay #pakistanmustpay
Gotta love our *progressive* neighbors
GET MORE GOALS FUCK [NAME]
Do your worst. The tag just describes your views. Could have been much more vicious.
Funny how some people criticize people for not following those laws, when they don't either.
Yeah more and more I play BFV I just find myself wishing this thing or that thing was more like the old BF’s.
Expectations was amazing - this ain’t it
A police response is probably justified for some of the larger spiders we have here.
You haven't responded as to how its not just a parallel analogy, all said was he did
I wish this was animated.
He mustn't know about Mr. [NAME] and the cause of his untimely death.
Link pls, I need to see this! ( I bet he dropped it)
This guy doesn’t know how to life...
I didn't think it was that bad tbh
Hopefully [NAME] falls to 6. [NAME] can start the season and when the time is right move on over to the rookie
That sounds so terrible. I'm very sorry.
I f a picture and not realizing it until it bursts. [NAME].
[NAME] can get the web action, ja feel?
Oh I didn't see that.
indeed, but im worried that this matchup will end up as the biggest bait since years and rookie will crush him badly
Of course :) thanks for reading it!
[NAME] was also a vice president.
I feel like I saw this literally last week, these reposts are getting adventurous lads
No phone, can't help....sorry?
Someone died that day.
Good job!
You'd better not cry!
That does not look appetizing
Interesting. I’m wondering if nutritional therapy might help her.
I wish I could buy one! So cute!!!
wow octane is pure garbage lmao
Regardless, fight 'em every inch of the way like it's the last hill to die on. Complacency is complicity.
v-neck shirt, I moved slowly throughout the house, doing my usual morning duties ( diaper changes, breakfast, coffee ), quite lethargically, occasionally brushing a strand of ( dirty ) hair away from my eyes with my hand.
He'll be Ousted soon !
Thank you! Don't be afraid to stand up for yourself otherwise you'll ended up in your late 30s exhausted and unhappy!
That's fair, but it's gotta suck being one round off the qualifier and then watching your teammates go anyway without you.
Everyone’s been assuming that’s there problem all week anyways haha
That book is awesome
Love the top logo although I’d gladly take the bottom one, the goat head, or a poop emoji any day over the buffaslug.
@DefiantSagacity — Hermione in a sort of thank you before sliding his own plate away from him before frowning at Ron as he continued to —
This makes so much sense. Seems she has been icing me. Time to call it quits
Also them dealing with mean and petty people especially in school
TIL that Transformers invented the embarrassing ID photo gag and nobody else thought to do it before. EDIT: I'm jerking here, obviously. FilmGob's a dipshit.
C-USA when it had [NAME] was pretty awesome.
Thank you UsurperRebellion, very cool!
Ha ha good one
Style of play is overrated. We spent half of the season sticking to a style of play. We should play what gives wins.
Thanks, I hate reposts
Lmao. Idk why this made me laugh out loud so hard. Ig cause it’s actually true lol.
Great! Thanks for the ideas
Came here to say exactly this. It's almost the same scene, as if he tried to recreate it
Well. That went sideways pretty quickly.
I just call my girl and tell her I love her lol. Easy day.
I honestly think It’s gonna be [NAME] or [NAME] tho 😬
She is renowned for her versatility.
She's actually not dead at all. Even now shes still a good hero.
@jihnwi u literally name us a word close to prostitutes ok oomf...... 😰
> Update they would've never been arrested or charged if they weren't black. Epitome of the disgusting systemic racism in this country #UBERPOOLtoPrisonPipeline #uberpooltoprisonpipeline
@Tanzynia sadly David D is no longer with us imagine both together wow
The very worst possible route they could have gone.
Get that double double [NAME]!
thanks a ton!
I will admit I see why some people could hate him, but each to their own.
Usually it's not entertainment, it's mostly curiosity and fascination. Like when you see something horrible, but can't turn your eyes away.
What pandemic? The median age of COVID deaths is 87, higher than average life expectancy; 80% of severe cases and deaths were vaccinated. The world has opened up. It’s wrong treatment and nocebo effects that killed people. If you lower CT value to 20, the “pandemic” disappears. Watch Premier League and NBA — the pandemic was never real. What’s real is the control of capital flow. Eurasia’s wealth has long been drained by the blind elite.
>The only person who said the CIBC cheques were not cashed is from Quadriga. I believe [NAME] said the same when interviewed for the coindesk article.
I got lie after lie.
@UnitedFrontRev @JuanDeznuts @LucidHurricane_ sex offense happens across ALL races, cultures, and creeds &amp; they should be castrated
Mint owls are often indignant.
@madisenrb she's so sweet &amp; playful 😍
Yikes. I feel sorry for the team that gives him anything above 5.5
This is hilarious! Sounds similar to my buddy's experience at his gym in CoHeights!
I'm glad they called it. Basketball is so dumb in that it's one of the few sports you're rewarding for committing a penalty.
This happened at my local Odeon last night. The amount of confused faces was kinda funny to watch.
I silently sneak out to investigate its source......
Holy fuck this thread is not worth it
I for one applaud any and all fake big cats
It's incredible how much pain a single reddit post can send through my body
[NAME] is such an iconic runway model 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Oh, so I can go straight to hell when I die? No thanks.
As always I leave reddit slightly more confused than when I came here
I think it's pretty obvious given the significance of how relabeling sugars has been handled.
The “Magic City” is mythologized, yet Henan villagers hide travel history — “malicious returnee” is putting it mildly!
Where did he say he's superior to [NAME], anyway?
It actually takes less clicks now to get a full stack of items than before.
One of the most memorable games I’ve been to. And I got some great seats for an even better price.
my throat is tight, my nose is numb.
Their official logic is that it reduces turn-over, but yeah, the other reasons are kind of obvious.
I don’t think it’ll happen solely because of UA, however that’ll surely be cool if it does happen
She sat me in the chair and spent a total of 30 seconds looking in my mouth.
wishing i had triple a, i stick out my thumb.
Thing is...it's the media the masses take in that is driving this anxiety [NAME] or AP reader isn't falling for this
A-fucking-men! :)
Holy shit. Those guys are scumbags. I'm so sorry you had to go through such an awful roleplay.
Damn. That’s profound. Did you graduate from Harvard?
Extreme sadness
Look at you, this is excellent. 👏🏻 I really love this.
A crappy situation... Man oh man...
That illegitimate-no-good-dastardly-basterisk deserved what he got!
Italy would be so awesome - I think it's one of those countries you'll just instantly fall in love with.
Been there, done that. Not the best idea unfortunately. Especially if it doesn't work. Gets awkward
Oh, I see what you did... Trying to confuse me.
Great for when you'd really like all your clothes to smell like hard-boiled eggs.
hooooly shit thats gross. this fandom is the worst
Wait... today isn't April 1st...
Previously it wasn't working, now its fine though
I like turtles.
@iamsrk what's up w the gender bias? #indignant This fancypants saddler's daughter will opt for the leather jacket, thank you very much. #indignant
Huh, interesting. Thanks!
That's great!
I imagined as much, but I wasn’t sure, thanks for the clarification.
I'm most excited, honestly, for the new batches of eastern coral antivenom.
This is more like yesyesyesyesmeh.
agreed. excited to see how this team looks on opening day.
Don't wear out our [NAME]. We need him if this season is going to amount to anything.
“No big deal, just treat the wound”??? Based on what??? A monkey bite requires medical treatment due to rabies risk — it’s not “just handle it”! Such oversimplification — zero medical knowledge!
Yes girl! Get it!! Nothing better than an impromptu meet!! Rude the high!
Right, ok thank you.
Hope you enjoy it! Try not to leave it too long though, it's been taken down before.
Surprises me how a dude that let his keyboard get to this point even cares enough to clip his nails in the first place.
I’d rather reply to you, simply because you sound like an idiot
[NAME] I hate that I had to upvote this dude to the sub it is in. Every fibre of my being wants to downvote this atrocity
some state are way more paranoid about this than others. also depend who handle the call / judge... like, some people believe spanking should be criminal...
This dude is acting like python is hard smh
Congratulations! As a fan of impulsiveness and craziness, I could not support this haphazard mayhem more. Best of luck to you both.
I’m surprised alcohol isn’t entirely sold by the state like it is in many states in the East.
On bedrest since I got out of the hospital. U find in unopened beer.. what do I do. Pour that shit out! No alcohol at all for me #sober #sober
I never feel a connection or when I do I push them away.
Really glad they decided to show us that /s
Yes!! My favourite film - I came here to suggest it, too.
I swear these people would try to sell shoes to someone without feet.
I loved ScienceBowl and KnowledgeBowl in highs school. Wish we had a college bowl.
What about for the Switch?
I did this v recently and now my legs are covered in ingrown hairs >.<
Oh absolutely. No way he should run in 2020. I don't know what alternatives there are though.
Is this [NAME]?
I wish, the brainwashed idiots here in California love her. It makes me sick. California is a lost cause.
Apparently a 3 year extension for DACA is what's on offer. No pathway to citizenship. That's gonna be a "fuck no" from me, dog.
it looks like a vase to put things in!
Huge loss. Good job boys! Now go out there, give your best and prove that [NAME] didn't die for nothing!
And sock puppets. Wow. Nothing out of you is in good faith.
I love that OP “loved” his insult. It’s like the ultimate slap in the face to this CB.
oh right that was a huge leap my bad
Yup that is my family for you. So wonderful and understanding.... NOT!
Ha, I just saw that highlight. nasty
Aaahhh u got a spanking. Lol
When I opt out it goes back to old reddit, but the next day it turns back on.
@NHLstoreNYC I'm cheering for @TeamNA_WCH and @TeamEUR_WCH #NHLNYCSweepstakes #nhlnycsweepstakes
how can you hold a grudge for over a year I can barely hold one for a few minutes
There is no god. *[NAME] is content in own company. .: If there was a god it is definitely not an [NAME].
I visited NYC 2 summers ago and I have the same exact feeling as you do. Glad you liked the city just as much as I did!
Somebody lied to her several hundred times
That's my point he's comparing two things that are different this is past oranges and apples.
A best friend would get me a vibrator. Not something that’ll make me feel like an oily, ugly piece of shit.
Played in a dangerous cross which [NAME] should have scored from. Just before [NAME] goal
And I though Glory Kills were gruesome
I recently came upon the term "that slaps" in reference to delicious food, or simply an enjoyable experience.
Cool have fun
Always wanted to try [NAME], I'll add her to my list.
This was the only way I got to use Minecraft back when I was in middle. Use it wisely
Anybody know what injury [NAME] specifically has? LGD.
Man if you want some crazy dreams, slap on a few nicotine patches before bed.
The last few weeks have been dreadful. opening up of old #wounds. the #gossip of others/evil that spill from thier lips #melancholy #sadnnes #wounds #gossip #melancholy #sadnnes
Depends, do you become so old and senile that you have dementia can’t walk and shit
Don't feel guilty. If you don't leave it will be continuing the cycle of abuse for your children.
I would love that. [NAME] and [NAME] were easily my favourite supporting characters of season 2
If she is sorry at all. Could be more along the lines of "I am pretending to be sorry so I don't get fired."
I don't understand how her hair is 'too light' or how that effects the concealer.
We’d still have competing conceptions of the cool, so nothing would be solved.
Yeah but how is that even possible if 99% of girls who are out are with friends? That’s pretty intimidating
@Apolocreed4 What is even more shocking is that someone gave him a record deal! lol
Joke's on u, I already have small penis!
LOL at this question! If he follows the sub...just read the topics for opinions! I call BS!
There. Are. No. Moderate. Republicans. Repeat this, nonstop, everytime she is mentioned. She is an extremist who pretends to be moderate.
[NAME] nerds thinking they are cool by assigning some bullshit fantasy words to error messages...theater mode is probably just acting up
I noticed that too! Lol it's bugging me.
Same here — PCR negative, antigen negative, yet the authorities called saying “you’re positive, get ready to be taken away.”
I wont rt things that might offend your faves bcs I'm better than that
[NAME] already setting records for most nicknames in the league. There is no way to stop this kid...
Me: *sees incense burner* is this for drugs?
After an evening there we were driving back because we had no money for a hotel.
Please don’t downvote me I just have a question What is wrong with libertarians? This sub seems to hate them and I’m one.
My coffee burned its way through my nostrils. Thank you!
I'm not saying the dog might hurt her, im saying she might not know when it is appropriate to have the dog degend her
please report the physical and emotional abuse to the police so there is record of it. And get a lawyer ASAP.
You’re a nut if you don’t think the pubs are far more corrupt than the dems.
This is the day You've made, \n\nLet us rehoi rejoice and be glad with all that I am. \n\n😊💖\n\n#aja \nGood morning!!!!
The savior!
Those promoting “celebrate locally” all have homes in the city. For families like mine back home, easy for you to say — you’re not the ones missing home.
I love this show
>Officers believe the man shown in these CCTV images may have information which could help. You reckon?
I think you are missing: He's learned from the experiences and has stopped acting that way.
I just ate my last teva those are my favorite
I think it’s [NAME]
Are belittling kitty straight a service? provoke lift aboard!: Wycelv
Sorry to burst your bubble but it isn't that century anymore. Welcome to the 21st century.
I THOUGHT I HAD MY WILL ALREADY COPIED AND FORGOT I HAD THIS IN MY CLIPBOARD
Just threaten to tell the bishop your roommate is a porn addict. 80% chance it's true.
Me neither. :(
That's a great start! Amazing. I congratulate you on your self awareness. Some hugs if you want them
Spurs gonna get two in a row over us. Embarrassing
Haha sorry, I make hip hop music 😂
So are we discussing the bill as it is written, or this new imaginary bill you just proposed?
This was 90 for 7grams
Any community lockdown over 24 hours is illegal! Local governments must decide within 24 hours; temporary measures can’t exceed that limit.
I will lose my shit on you if you eat in my car. I don’t do it so why the fuck do you think you can?
I didn’t realize people cared so much about phones.
Sex is gross and gross things are immoral to conservatives unless they are doing them.
Thank you!!!!
Congrats and good luck moving forward!
Loving everyone so far. This is going to be a great season.
They treat [NAME] like he’s [NAME] now, no wonder he’s so lukewarm to this market
How exciting.
I laughed so hard.
Ok cheers. I’m banned from there
I solo climbed to Master as main DPS with 60hz. It really doesnt matter.
Itching something #serious RN haven't slept but considering taking like 6 Benadryl for a 20 min nap I am itching SO BADLY wow #serious
I think he meant to say that it wouldn't be efficient to build a mic with a SoC built-in.
bets* , not best
Yeah that was his mistake
This is why I'm a communist. Eat. The. Rich.
@Masonicmoron i always hesitate to update.  At least it's no the horrors iPhone users endure every few months 😅😅
Nice work gang!
Gotta love trailing for 59+ minutes
Wow you're so moral you've changed my outlook on remainers
AHHHH ZIMM!
I feel the same but I don't think it would be easy.
I hate Bakewell tart … anything that tastes of almond essence is just horrid! #GBBO #gbbo
[NAME] I hope this permanent.
They started seeling alcohol a while ago, when she called her mafia friend to get help for the speakeasy.
this girl at my new school is so pretty i am #intimidated #intimidated
I look underhand nothing was there.
The loading screen has the circle at the bottom that just keeps spinning. I tried uninstalling the app and that didn't work either.
To say they did. And begrudging a gift makes us look bad. Heaven forbid it's half garbage or thoughtless. *sigh*
Haha well thank you so much! You've been the only person to say that
This is all I can think about when I see these things. Most of them cannot be properly washed.
It's become extraordinary, quite.
@Johncrookshanks 'Elizabeth Smith!' She said with a cheery smile 'Pleasure to meet you, sir! Where have you travelled from?'
Disgusting of you [NAME] you filthy who're you pedophilic scum trying to beguile our children it's not gonna work I got [NAME] castorated
You'd look like that too if you just saw Snagglepuss going to the bathroom.
That has to be an understatement, I know several myself
Surf Wax America, great song
Idk why you’re getting down voted I also pick it every time and almost always get it done on that initial skirmish
I miss their 100 Octane petrol...
[NAME] has stated that he's open to decriminalization. It's up to the legislature at this point.
when they finally do eat a decent meal, the will blow up like a balloon!
He's mixing it up pretty well..using that slider pretty affective so far #thebabybombers #yankees  #thebabybombers #yankees
Scared? A little bit. It's more of a simmering disgust at this point for myself.
Options: 1. Hoax / joke 2. Crackpot 3. Wellmeaning but utterly naive fool 4. Something more sinister I’m currently somewhere between 2 and 3.
Thanks for the honour of speaking with the representative of atheism.
No, she was just under investigation by child services.
Yes, I have. What are the towns of which you speak?
It was a wild circus for a few years here, lol
>No most cops are good people who wants to inforce the law. Pick one.
not since that 9-2 pounding we put on Minn i dont think so
Damn you were thirsty asf for thos first two😂
Only an idiot would visit places like China or NK. Arbitrary abductions and detentions against foreigners have happened for a long time now.
@ITdominiccoyle @IrishTimesBiz Between Barroso going to Goldman and this the @EU_Commission is getting a very serious self inflicted problem
DoorDash can deliver my White Castle's at 3am, that makes me happy
Haha I should probably clarify it was family owned and managed
The thing is you dont have to do cardio to stay in shape... its all about his diet.
Texans played horrible.  Bad play calling, bad protection of the ball, bad coaching, bad defense, bad overall performance. #Texans  #texans
I found her advice very insightful. Maybe it will be of use to
@LucidHurricane_ wait, you mean he wasn't armed with a book? #shocking #shocking
Reminds me of that Black Mirror episode where the lady is brainwashed after committing a crime and forced to repeat the same government-made story with mind controlling phones forever
Wait. What. How?
Holy shit! No way in hell I'd get that close to DFW in a Cessna!
@Casper10666 I assure you there is no laughter, but increasing anger at the costs, and arrogance of Westminster.
I base when it's going to rain here off of brills snap stories.
Not pretty right now
I can’t wait for this Narrative to stop. DLO has the best numbers just look.
Also wanna point out that it’s just for like 10mil+ iirc
@rantking just adding a little levity
I genuinely think I have anger issues
I'm...not going to let him see me cry.
Is that really a thing?
Damn we needed that layup
I like the Canucks. And I hate the leafs and rags sooo I’m on board.
Your wife has beautiful nails!
People are afraid of change. And being in a DB destroys your confidence and self esteem.
Oh dear an evening of absolute hilarity I don't think I have laughed so much in a long time! 😂
Lol I can’t wait to end up on this sub one day.
realising you have no conditioner after already shampooing 😓😓 #nightmare #nightmare
Maybe. It's an interesting theory for sure :)
You quack!
Am an FX artist. This is fake. Scar wax gives it away so badly.
Your opinion doesn't matter, the judge's does. Like I said, if you want better answers, then consult a family law attorney in your area.
Don't understand reason for #Muslim countries citing #terrorism as reason for not taking #refugees. Aren't #terror attacks against infidels? #muslim #terrorism #refugees #terror
This was very helpful to me. Thanks for explaining it so well.
this looks like the start of a very ugly porno
I'm paranoid that I might not have all of them. A download would be helpful!
creepy, the only way to make it more creepy is to leave it on her bed stand table to find it in the morning.
This doesn't even make sense!
Have fun toasting expired marshmallows in hell, lady-killer POS.
I’m hugging you back!!! Not in a weird way. :-). Thank you, internet stranger.
You don't really work for the TSA if they aren't paying you. You are a slave. Go home.
Are you really saying a leashed dog has the same potential to attack as a non leashed dog? Lmao.
Spurs radio commentator referred to Mauricio Pochettino as 'MoPo' and I felt a sudden surge of rage.
I'm with you - I feel no connection....
I appreciate his deadpan humour.
Found the selfish and shitty anti-vaxxer in the thread. How many of us have to die before you get your fucking kids vaccinated?
Dont worry about the other people. Driving is filled with way too many other anxieties to have worries about dropping a deuce in a truckstop bathroom.
Celeste is one of the free Games with Gold this month on Xbox One, I picked it up, it's a great (super hard) platformer
It's so funny cause Cooper's going to go farther than the people who bully her
If you want BCH to be successful on its on merits you have to vacate this subreddit.
In small towns, secondhand homes will get cheaper, helping newcomers settle and lowering labor costs — but they still need more population.
This is art that I found via google
Yeah, that's been publically played by them for a long ass time which is why you don't see many people talking about it here.
So, my father owns a insurance agency.
I love you both
When health insurance won't cover TMS but they let me know they cover ECT #mentalhealth #psychology  #TMS #ECT #mentalhealth #psychology #tms #ect
Whaaat! They are not actually trained to do this lol
I honestly predict a riot on the scale of the 2011 ones if we undergo a no-deal brexit - possibly even worse. It's terrifying.
Wow, someone had a lot of golds to give!!
During New Year, chatted with my cousin — in our village, only 2 families haven’t bought town houses; most sit empty, only elders and kids stay.
I’m blown away by how many people know this.
Is pleading the 5th even legal? I mean, people should be forced to defend themselves even from erroneous claims.
^She ^took ^me ^by ^the ^hand... ^made ^me ^a ^man... ^THAT ^ONE ^NIGHT!
Can you link an example? I’m curious now
What? The claim is 2018 best shooters. Not overall best shooters
Very excited for what could come from his presidency, very much not excited for the primaries.
Thanks for this.😊 I like to learn new things. #experiencematters **Themoreyouknow**🌈  #experiencematters
I'm really happy he and [NAME] are finding success
This probably not a good file to keep on your phone if you are accessing this from within...
Despite that the city is called `` Sin City '', the city of Las Vegas catches my eye; the fact that my favorite movie is set in the city could be a main reason why.
^(how dare she not like cats)
The stress of electoral politics seems to be incredibly bad for one’s health.
True, but it is deceptive when dealing with c diff, it may give them a false sense of security.
[NAME] is so cute! And [NAME] is a very dashing name.
nearly 9 minutes?! no wonder you're getting downvoted lol
A few years ago, I went to Liuzhou, Guangxi for a few days. Houses there cost just over 10,000 yuan per square meter. Nearby in Laibin, they’re only 2–3k — with elevators, Watsons, KFC, and Starbucks downstairs. The value’s insane! The same house in Guangzhou would be 5 million, at half the size. Honestly, only hospitals and schools are shortcomings.
That's false
Yes, good communication is key and we all see the world through our own unique perspective. Thanks for sharing!
I only ever see crerpypasta reads, and they always give credit.
It’s shame that despite the years of dedication, persistence, and hard work. His efforts are reduced because of his height.
I’LL SEE YOU AGAIN NEXT TIME
No it’s okay I just rub some Young Living™️ Thieves on ankle and it fixes everything
Drunk [NAME] sounds like something I want to see
Most Americans think the media is nothing but Government propaganda BS. #lies #control #BS #RiggedSystem #distrust #garbage #oreillyfactor #lies #control #bs #riggedsystem #distrust #garbage #oreillyfactor
Dogs , unconditional love
How can I tell Happy Anniversary, when u are not happy.. #bitter #ampalaya #paitpaitanangpeg #bitter #ampalaya #paitpaitanangpeg
FUCKING READ IDIOT
@AmyJoSmyth #OOC Thing is she holds a grudge like mad #ooc
How in the world did Nicole beat Paul?!?! #terrible #bb18 #BBFinale What was the jury thinking?? 😳😳😳 #terrible #bb18 #bbfinale
Most GH now is fake. The real stuff is exorbitantly expensive.
Wow... I’m so glad that my dog is lazy like me.
Not anymore, haven't heard of him in ages.
But then it got so hot I opened it and welcomed the cold spray on my face.
Mommy bad man!!!
I don’t know why but this made me crack up so hard!
[NAME] I love you but there is a top 15 game on
Well that was exhilarating. I didn't know you could have goosebumps for 2 hrs 5m straight.
Yeah that's where I think the problem lies. It's that I don't really want to be open to others.
Damn that's huge
Just got my nose pierced last week! So fun to have the freedom. :)
Too funny 😂😂😂😂
He maketh the #barren woman to keep house &amp; to be a #joyful mother of children\nPraise ye the Lord\nPsa113:9 #barren #joyful
She sucks but you don’t sound much better
>arent as attractive as their peers Except for the women who date older RICH men, those tend to be more attractive.
#Pain is an aspect of #human evolution; the evolution of #consciousness. #attachments #desire #apathy #sentimentality #tears #fury #anger #O #pain #human #consciousness #attachments #desire #apathy #sentimentality #tears #fury #anger #o
Send them back home! Always making trouble — now demanding 100 per test, 200 for isolation. If others copy, what then? Ridiculous.
In winter, it's SO difficult for me to cope when I had been thinking of getting one but don’t know what they are doing.
I'm puzzled
Just seeing Alex revells face gets me angry
Yea ok.
Why doesn't he jerk it to porn like a normal person?
thank you!
Every time [NAME] opens his mouth...he says the same damn thing.
Jobby is a new one for me, is that another way of saying taking a crap?
I mean, OP is consenting and asking for it, it's better to let them be
Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned. ― Milton Friedman
Maybe they think they’re attractive. Some people are oblivious until proven otherwise.
Good job being just generally being whiny about unimportant things
:O shame.
I feel like that's what they both deserve, though. Thank you for the support <3
slander? it's only slander if it's untrue, and all I said was that you don't grasp satire, which is obviously true.
The username oh god I'm having violent flashbacks
Making DC climate an unapologetic brutality with blistering dry winds and no snow on a typical day.
From what I know of the man, I have to assume that @realDonaldTrump has had a heated argument with his own penis.
Denigrating your opponents as either racist xenophobes or labelling them too stupid to understand the issue at hand will have that effect.
Lucky bastard the cool change came 5 minutes into the wedding
Shiiiiit I’m about to fuck [NAME].
Ah, internet dating, it's a fun world.
I am sorry but you dont have a saying in this matter. Its up to your parents to solve this.
Whew. I thought no one else would recognize Mac Tonight.
Homesickness turned to “returning-home sorrow.” Even low-risk travelers face 7+7 quarantine — who can stand that 😒
Thanks for this gootecks but unfortunately this sub is a bunch of casuals that won't appreciate it, I'll see you in the SF sub
"Until I lost my penis in a tragic balloon knotting accident"
ITT: People defend delusional shitposts.
anyone who hasn't seen this, it's unbelievably bad.
Imagine this spreading big time, pressuring them into opening the stadium against us so they don’t look like cowards, only for us to thrash them again
Least odd bit of these three stories:
Can’t believe [NAME] era is coming to an end... feels like yesterday I saw his 1st win against the cowboys with tiki breaking the rushing record.
Oh he'd be far too attractive lol He's southern anyway, would still need to put on an accent
I got the unblinking eye, the one with the ribs in the dead eye slot, and the one with the hat takes a headshot
Damn! Kids these days don’t give me much hope for the future. It’s supposed to be a flaming dr pepper 🤦🏻‍♀️
I dunno if that's really a HMB moment but funny nonetheless.
What makes me sad isn’t the ending — it’s working hard every day and coming home with no show to watch, nothing to look forward to. It’s really sad.
The Cavs didn’t even want [NAME]. They just wanted to fuck with us.
@JoeGoodmanJr. A solution. But the assumptions by media in articles and every other venue causes animosity to the conversation.
Yeah I laughed when I remembered it. Random.
The leaders are quite ignorant, and so are the rural areas, but the urban areas are filled with intelligent people
Because it's fun?
I just want to point at that yes, fuck [NAME], yes he's subhuman, but that tattoo is not of [NAME]. lol
Is your job my job? Because I don't know what it is about hardware stores that make Ppl stupid but hell are they stupid...
B-But big pharma is great! Vaccines everyone! Vaccines! We love big pharma! They never lie! Come on start circlejerking!
My heartbeat is forever stumbling on memories of things past. #longing #loss #shape #form #sadness #longing #loss #shape #form #sadness
My new favourite #film with out a shadow of a doubt it #Okja #beautifull #funny #sad #emotional #real #Netflix #MUSTWATCH #now #film #okja #beautifull #funny #sad #emotional #real #netflix #mustwatch #now
Lol, good luck with that, kid.
I’m already close to 50. It should be getting really interesting about the time I die.
Glad that [NAME] continues to be himself even in a mystery fortress. I doubt I'll ever play another game as good.
I love the vid, I just wish it was longer ;_;
If I went to a party and they had SFV I would cry of happiness.
@kateracculia @themathofyou It's true! I reverse-engineered the drink. It's a scientific method. I hear it's all the rage.
Great news. Maybe they will be shut down.
How can I send it to you? I Just exactly recreated it in training arena
When your boss catches on to your fake call ins, so you need a doctors note for a punctured lung.
According to BluePundit you should delete that if you care about upvotes, lol.
Thank you. I will try to learn fron these. So far i only have read "models" and some advices on net.
Thank you for posting this. I never heard this particular interview before.
Sadly the same way know people who know people and being in public. Maybe an online game with chat like league or xbox
I’m mad—our area in Xi’an is low-risk, school let out on the 17th, others left for home, and I’m alone in the dorm.
If @TheRock's Presidential run is as bad as his appearance in #Baywatch neither party need fear his run. That's $8 I'll never get back #crap #baywatch #crap
... Still laughed!
Love situations like this...excited to see if he'll make it by tomorrow
I love him!
You know what’s ignorant? People who spend their free time making themselves look like a belligerent, disputatious assholes. Find something better to do.
He has a youtube: Great watch.
@TamraBarney @ShannonBeador @RHOC_KellyDodd Tamra would F her up if she swung on Tamra\nKelly is a piece of 💩 #needstobeadmitted  #needstobeadmitted
All the game modes are super fun
Haha yes I did
she is an alcoholic.
And [NAME] just got laughed off the stage. How things would be different if he had won. Seriously timelines would be so different.
If you feel it's harassment, you have the ability to report the post for harassment.
The animosity toward Hillary comes from conspiracy theories and perception, the animosity toward Trump is based on what he says and does.
The world needs more [NAME]!
Be true to yourself. Your the only one who will be
> Do you need me to link posts or something? Yep. Nice ban evasion account, by the way.
@MericanMainer AWW. I had a Maine Coon when I was little named Ted Eddy the Wonder Cat. They're such good cats! Very playful and sweet
Maybe he's cooking meth.
More rudeness, misogyny and sexism from [NAME]. If it wasn't so predictable it would be upsetting. [NAME].
Wow... Hope you ok and good luck
My first [NAME] bio said something like "I'm not gonna fuck any of you, so don't try"😂😂
My hands went numb within 10 minutes.
is this sub scared to talk about [NAME] getting arrested
It does make sense... I've always had a hard time opening up and I'm worried that that's what's really been holding me back ultimately
You know it’s bad when you grab the toothpaste and start reading it
*Trust the plan*
Oh that's good!
Not very cringey
I, for one, am glad you didn’t. Happy you’re still with us
It's just sad; she was just nice and normal before she messed with her looks
Me too. I love it!
@bt_uk broadband is shocking regretting signing up now #angry #shouldofgonewithvirgin #angry #shouldofgonewithvirgin
@dish_answers I've contacted @dish @dish_answers  #service #whathappenedtocustomerservice #service #whathappenedtocustomerservice
Was expecting a horrifically broken ankle. You have posted the actually unexpected
Only good commie is a dead one.
[NAME] what a stupid job
Alexa this is awesome play eye of the tiger
Yeah, I don’t trust them either.
Anyone that actually takes the train daily can tell you that. And I do feel its getting worse.
Thanks for the responses y'all. I'm going to do the gig anyway and hope that nothing too sinister happens! I'll update if anything interesting happens.
The only way this is OK is if their kid made it for them. But then you feel bad for the kid. Lose lose..
Yes she was, but I'm here now.
@selbsie yapyap! once upon a time, I was an avid fanfiction patron during my K-Pop heyday.
God, [NAME] looks rough.
I like how he wrote many of the TRUE [NAME]. I wonder what a fake [NAME] believes in.
Get well soon, my man! Keep representing la isla! 🇵🇷
That's interesting. Have you used it to register on many sites/services?
My man!
The guilt of sin represses all
Best sub ever
I am often disturbed by what some people find appropriate or acceptable. It's not funny nor cute that adults find this stuff humorous.
> pushed all of them Hey dumbass you pushed the emergency button
I was actually going CRAZY waiting for it to come out and had prepaid for it in advance and it was worth the wait.
I remember your story. Like you, I'm not as active. And also like you, I try and come back and give folks here hope.
At least he didn't knock himself out on the ground....
This grammar is horrible. Discovering something is a fixed single point in history which should have been simple past “was” instead of “had been.”
That makes sense. You had a good reaction time. Glad no one was hurt.
Damn this guy just had a bad day!
I think she means he was her boyfriend for 5 months
Class is canceled due to a funeral. Not sure if it's appropriate to be happy or sad.. #happy #happy
That ruling is such a mess: it gets the *reason* correct, but the Justices were so out of touch that the entire ruling was contradictory to that.
Like who? The one guy stranded in desert already hating his life...
The first hour I couldn't even move.
Until they find out oh she went underground 🙄
You can call me a bitch, and it's cool because you also aren't expecting me to pay you for doing it.
Me and friends just got Vermintide 2, and it isn't an MMO but it solves a lot of MMO problems we had. Quite fun so far.
Lol. Yes! [NAME] and his $14,000 suit love you but please don't touch him.
P=too damn high
He is such a cutie, I had no idea he was polish
Where are the frozen pie crusts? Can you call someone on that (handheld)? Can you get me a fish?
I like it when science proves things I thought was common knowledge
Yeah my girlfriend hates it when I joke about her weight. She needs to lighten up too
@vInZzzY we regret the inconvenience caused. We have noted your concern. We will get in touch with you soon to discuss. Rgds, Abhijit
I'M A FIVE STAR MAN!!! *as [NAME] clicks one star over and over
I know, right?! I was literally in tears Saturday night 😪 It's only 3 years old!!
I dont think anyone said it would make the game better, it won't, but it certainly won't make the game any worse either
TL ranks dont mean anything and won't until they have rank restrictions on how many leagues people can be apart that can que together.
thank you for your consideration but i like both
Thanks for the responses! I'll look into it.
Seriously Creepy.
She does it again in last nights episode, it’s so shady!!
Maybe it depends on the state. In California, that means you’re a moderate [NAME].
And please don’t make the mistake of thinking your mustache will disguise them. Trust me it doesn’t.
No, your cookies will end up flat of you so r heat your oven up pre cook.
I’m from Chengdu—we rarely visit relatives anymore. But my wife’s from Gansu, and visiting relatives is still very common there.
M'lady... Good god, the last man alive is a '[NAME]'!
yeah, they both suck... i am not a customer of either, and never will be again.
Put down that you are a starting forward and love incinerating $100 bills. Stay strong my Asia brah
This is a terrible tip. Please think before doing something like this.
Handsome man! Getting cuter with the years.
Yeaaahhh... *blushes*
Pretty cool that the same building is there just a different use.
I find this aspect of the law so ridiculous. I suppose pepper spray is lethal to people with respiratory conditions like asthma or certain rare allergies.
@OpentheDoorRadi thanks for playing Crock Pot Going #radio #blog #blues #music #indiemusic #radio #blog #blues #music #indiemusic
Our local leaders just canceled National Day as they please. No local cases, yet they still require five days of testing in seven — exhausting our health system.
Name calling and personal attacks are completely unacceptable on this sub. Consider this a warning.
LOL thats right, your wait for someone to hand everything to you. LOL
YOU MUST CONSTRUCT ADDITIONAL PYLONS
Cool post. I just wish the game had more enemies besides just the spartan and athens army (like harpies, giant snakes, something like that).
Not the first time. Won't be the last. Thanks!
is that an enby egg?
Ditto!!
Weird question, have they tried his Kentucky office or where ever he goes when Congress isn't in session , maybe he fled the capital?
Is this our year ????
how much money can the raptors offer [NAME]? Can he get a supermax here in toronto after this season?
Ok that makes sense. Im familiar with the term.dog whistling, just havent seen ot attached to globalists.
Omg at this rate he's gonna be in the next smash bros
I believe that you should tell him, tell him lovingly it may help him understand how much you were really hurting
thank you. I've blocked him on Facebook and text.
I feel like [NAME]
Ok. Thanks
[NAME]? 1st for [NAME]?
It's right up there with sites trying sell you gold for the coming apocalypse
I love when the subreddit shows [NAME] some love! We have so many people that keep an ear to the ground for quality [NAME] content.
@delon03 can you at least just walk past her and break out into laughter
[NAME] was at like 50% out there. Didn't mind pulling him at all. In hind sight, he should have sat out the game.
Not sure what people expect from high school dropouts
I really need to get more sleep.
I'm new here. Can you help me understand what you mean? I read Jacobin quite a bit.
Jitter mod SG12 has been a thing for awhile now, it's a wonder you're just now seeing it.
Wow your metaphor is way better than the similar one I just wrote elsewhere in this thread. I'm going to have to steal it.
> Wolf Hall Sounds interesting ! You've inadvertently led me down a rabbit hole of historical wikipedia pages now...
I agree with the concealer part for the cut crease but that's it.
Congrats to your wife and you! Hope everything goes well!
In the time I've been seeing this he has already lost 3
But alas the humidity ruined it for us both after only 2 songs > > sigh < < Still I basically had one obvious wet spot the entire shift, which I didn't bother to do anything about other than flash to the entire club from stage by doing the splits on my back about 10 times over the course of the day.
Maybe this will convince them we need mass transit! Haha.
@mark_slifer actually maybe we were supposed to die and my donation saved our lives?? #optimism #optimism
I love [NAME] and how openly she is in supporting him to run
I agree the state protects us. The reason it can’t fully contain is that we can’t close borders — others lack the courage or means for zero-COVID. Policies are easing; change must be gradual. As Chinese, we must move forward together.
@keyshamackie it's fucking dreadful for live footy matches
I might be interested, been playing 5e in a couple campaigns now, happy to talk further!
Thanks for the contribution. Really enlightening.
Wow fuk I'm watching that right now
I thought it was illegal to practice ninjutsu
Hell yes 😁 I loved it.
Loved it!
This sounds rough
Who even are you? Get off the Internet little boy. I don't have time for you
Cool, thanks!
I visited too — can’t describe the sadness. The whole county was devastated, especially that middle school.
[NAME]. [NAME] and [NAME] just style on these scrubs with fucking mecha Tai Chi.
@priny_baby happppy happppyyyyyy happppppyyyyy haaapppyyyy birthday best friend!! Love you lots 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖🎉🎊 #chapter22 #bdaygirl #happy #love #chapter22 #bdaygirl #happy #love
Be prepared for many old men to hit on you
I love it. Probably my favorite game mode right now. Especially when playing with a buddy.
I’m genuinely upset that people missed the sarcasm because your comment is hilarious
Loved him in Gavin and Stacey! Thanks for the recommendation
I would never have believed it. Having experienced it, it is true. Completely. Different. World.
I know, all the comments have me cracking up.
I thought they held hands while they and [NAME] were watching TV ([NAME] was pretending to be sick in that episode)?
Uh, sorry. We're under trumpcare now.
I am glad, and enjoy. It has some pretty cool theological discussions.
What’s with the video being off?
Oh, wow. Hope nothing happens to his arms on the way!
I like the reference to the Good Place :)
Thank you for providing a source👍 ^^^Oh, ^^^look, ^^^noodles!
Fuck calm down [NAME]
If there was ever such thing as a tasteful neck beard this is it. Such a beautiful bird
[NAME] with the beautiful backtap
No compromise, the Democrats are finally showing some goddamn backbone.
False alarm // matoma &amp; Becky hill
It's more of a personal issue with me. But I completley understand and respect your decisions and way of thinking
Op you're fine, anyone who's actually been in your situation would have reacted the same. This commentor is just trying to make you feel bad.
Damn [NAME] great move
That would be nice
Still love [NAME]. Gave his heart to the Broncos for many years. Hope he can go out and win himself another ring this year.
It's the "boyfriend around school haha jk" thing that makes it weird.
Thanks. I'll go as soon as I can.
The side effects of #fighting and #disrespect.. comes #ignoring the person and show you #don'tcare at all!! #sweet . #fighting #disrespect #ignoring #don #sweet
Go follow #beautiful #Snowgang ♥@Amynicolehill12 ♥ #Princess #fitness #bodyposi #haircut  #Whitegirlwednesday #beautiful #snowgang #princess #fitness #bodyposi #haircut #whitegirlwednesday
“Conspiracy and treason aren’t technically crimes” -[NAME]
I love imagining that the drugs just stay ping ponging through the air as more and more drones keep coming to join the battle.
Wow! I never saw it that way. Thank you so much :)
Either way, it's at the very least not an ethical way to conduct business.
Also threw about 4 passes that should have been interceptions, but Eagles DBs cannot hold onto the ball.
Reason number 1523648856 PFF is trash no one should take seriously
I’ll bet he insists he loves both of you because for him love is just serving his needs.
HAHAHAAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAa no
I'm not sure she says "my", we'll have more occasions of hearing it again though :)
agree, we are living in the feminist era where women want to be equal - so why should they be 'selective' in whats equal or not.
You're analogies are terrible and prove the opposite of what you were arguing, numb skull 😂
That kid checking to see if he was still wearing a helmet made me laugh.
"They hated [NAME] because he told them the truth."
Intresting. Well I sure did learn something today! Cheers!
Going to get hard for everyone after brexit
Aberdeen st Johnstone, let's see who can punt it the furthest
Wow. This would suck
[NAME] is always the dirtiest psychopath
That damn FDR who America loved so much they had to write an amendment to the Constitution to keep anyone else from being elected that many times
[NAME] I hope there's some dirt on this jerk so we can be rid of him.
🎶Hello darkness my old friend...
i think your comment would be more relevant if it was a common opinion that big boobs were unattractive...but it really isn't
watching [NAME] play after quite some time. She has lost insane amount of weight! Did this happen after stabbing incident?
When I first met you in the cold winter, your soft charm made the chilly wind gentle. “Girl, my story began because of you.” You became the most special one in my heart, the only boy I wish to protect forever.
Precisely why im closeted :(
Shut the fuck up, loser.
Are we gonna ignore the fact that he passed someone in the right lane???? That’s illegal
Damn, she was gonna clobber that punk with the butt of that gun.
Shhhh let them have it, they need this. They are still living in 1990 lol
Oh fuck off. Soooo...... when is [NAME] and the gang going to un mask [NAME] as President [NAME]?
Thank you for your input.
in love with @BarberCeleste  insta!!!... #hilarious #hilarious
Really wish people would slow down with this one. I wanna repost it for EZ karma, but it's almost always in my homepage
Wauw! Those weapons are awesome!!
He’s a way worse version of [NAME]. I don’t think anyone is putting him in their top 15 besides Bears fans.
It’s one of the nine characteristics of BPD. Probably most people in this sub have struggled with some sort of addiction to a degree.
Just life.. I feel like i'm just a parasite that should be removed.
@kylemuir17 @Ealvarezfight @danawhite @TheNotoriousMMA he'll defend his belt against aldo after its not that hard u grudge holding bitch
@Budget  car rental you have made realize why I always use @nationalcares!!!!  What a !! #disgusted #disgusted
The making plans and then ghosting is the part I have a problem with.
That was so disgusting. VWP
Self defense should be, and this man sexually assaulted this woman.
You are a god among nurses.
Sony, for similar design on generic game controllers.
Sometimes he likes to ride arround on people's shoulders or drop on them unexpectedly from vents or doorjambs. Like a big, gleeful spider.
Bedside report is terrible.
@zavierdaniels had to snap going crazy 😭😭
Oh yeah! If she had done full brows she would have been killin' it!
Nah, he's much smarter than I am about soccer.
Do not #educate your child to be #rich, educate them to be #happy. So when they grow up, they'll know the #value of things, not the price. #educate #rich #happy #value
@VileBairn Turning then, the older woman looked at Sybil with a most somber expression. \n\n“She ran away from me. But I cannot blame her.”
Oops. My bad
This is pretty bad advice. Do not use dreams own encryption. And do not use things such as igolder
Yes, I am 100% superior to [NAME]. If you're not, I'm sorry
Happy cake day Mr bot
Yo that guys hot what's his reddit
Nothing in politicalhumor from them is even remotely funny. They're completely untethered.
Personal insults aren't allowed around here. 1 week ban for first offense.
and I'm up from a dream where I said something really retarded on twitter and it got like 10000 retweets #nightmare #nightmare
I wouldn't have thought if you hadn't mentioned Harry Potter. I appreciate the reminder. Teamwork!
Go look at the top posts of those subs. How far do you have to scroll to get to a "men are trash" post?
Current use could also mean setting pills in a weekly pill box for use each day.
Kid at camp said my inner thigh looked like a slinky👌🤣 buddy those are stretch marks!!!!  #SummerCamp #offended #summercamp #offended
This is actually funny
The UK government's No Deal plan is basically to do exactly what they would do if the withdrawal agreement passes, with some caveats, I believe.
@KateyKeegan now I'm really excited for November! Hope they're not all horrid chavs though 😅
10 page script due Friday for class. Who said I could do this MFA thing? #panic #GradSchoolProblems #someonetelltinafeytohireme #panic #gradschoolproblems #someonetelltinafeytohireme
That's awesome! Thanks for sharing the event!
Nothing else could possibly put a damper on my day other than doing X-rays on someone with kickinnnnn ass breath 😿
[NAME] is a queen and y'all better treat her like one.
How offensive. I, am NOT a duck!
This is so wildly specific I love it
I have that same desk from Amazon. Great desk.
Thank you for your help my friend
The grass is a beautiful green.
How do you know this?
This just reminded me to continue designing that bloody website.
You don't need to escape to have fun, if you want to win just get some friends to play with.
@scottlocker220 Thank you for that, the notification came in the nick of time to cheer me up - have to re-tweet
Sorry for your loss yesterday. Your team is poised to do even better in the years to come and hopefully they will.
If they really enforce this, most livestreams would be shut down. What kind of society is this? Can’t we be more open?
Third here. Oh, ok. Wow.
because [NAME] awesome.
Go pursue that education. Let [NAME] wallow in her own sadness.
I for one think that the military of no country should be this strong either.
@AshitaNoJoe55 i m not a big fan of @mkatju , but what i found logical and right.. i support that... no offense to anyone
This can't be real...
Not available in my country. Can't believe this has to be a thing in the modern age.
Saying that men have it more difficult in certain scenarios doesn't mean that men have it easier than women in all circumstances. That's ridiculous.
I can feel that man's feelings and I'm crying
I reported you :-) Expect to find your comment deleted within a few hours :-)
But regardless of that... I know something is wrong in my head.
Hello fellow 2 *waves (I would honestly say 1 but apparently that's only reserved for deformities)
Nice little train journey. Come on everyone, shower up before the tour
My face is so round so I don’t even know what male haircut to get :(
Stupid [NAME] is playing into the Church's hands. What an idiot. He has an amphetamine addiction.
Blizzard: WELCOME TO OVERWATCH! WHERE WE NERF TANKS/SUPPORTS FOR SHITS AND GIGGLES! ^(orisa is up next...)
I always wondered why that never happened with the “muscles from Brussels” in any of his movies.
[NAME] didn’t just fight dogs, he, personally, tortured them too. He isn’t a dog fighter, he is a sociopath.
Ok, thanks!
its pretty wholesome tho
If I only knew then what I do now.
There are no male versions of feminists. Men live in a different social reality than women.
You can't fight the elephants until you have wrestled the pigs. #quoteoftheday  #quoteoftheday
> Again I say it's not the substance itself that is addictive >other food-related addictions I really don't understand
You nailed it!
now when I'm off work I completely forget it exists, I love it
Tf what it this for a motivational speech?? Tf is fb doing to these kids
Does it have less scope glint than the 3x medium range scope? Or any glint at all?
Thank you so much! Having these few subs for the quality videos he's creating makes the channel a hidden gem.
Nah they’re on there, just gotta scroll down some.
I don't see any shoes on his feet after he lands. Kid is fucking dead.
Where did people get this? It’s hilariously wrong.
They will be once enough young progressives have replaced the older centrists :) Welcome to the new Democratic Party!
You remember this sub on the month of release? it was an absolute shitstorm
@gurrie_j thanks for making me super sad about Pizza.  #freepizza #freepizza
Would be really interesting to see how an FMT from a 20 year old would play out in the gut of 60 year old, or vice versa.
> I would bet that I've done oodles of more crazy shit than you have. 🤙
Sorry but $200 wouldn’t help. Good bye beautiful world!! I’m gonna pray to the ether god to help me :)
Although this war will be under the guise of combating terrorism it will in fact be a war against poverty, ignorance and just stupidity.
he ded.... and why the fuck these POSs have cellphones in prison.
I'll pass.
Russia story will infuriate Trump today. Media otherwise would be giving him tongue bath for fall of ISIS in Mosul + al-Baghdadi death.
That's so disappointing. I'm sorry that happened to you. It really is hard to make friends as an adult.
Contacted the hospital I was born at and I’m getting my birth certificate! Thanks for all the help this was a big step forward
Aw you seem upset, you are obsessed with talking shit about me. This move is indefensible.
[NAME] would've had to get lucky on that one. Can't give up that opportunity.
Sad but exciting to see him in a place where he might perform well. Hopefully he stays injury free.
I'm glad the republican won cause I want the best high I have had 5 back surgeries and need another.
Didn't realize they were shipping the challenge coins with Israeli FAL rifles, that makes this whole thing even weirder.
His contract is awesome after July 1
Ah, thanks.
[NAME] I love college football just because of these wild plays where coaches and players go all out to win it
What does ‘open border’ mean to you? Honest question because I may be confused by what it means
Thanks for this. I appreciate everyone involved.
Yeah keep filming your kid kicking a dog in the face. I'm suprised this isn't on r/funny
Yeah until the last one has creepily wed and reproduced.
[NAME] “ I’m afraid if I don’t have money she’ll leave me”. Yuh, you’re exactly right [NAME].
It seems like good advice.
Make sure to tell her /r/Austin helped you pick a place! She'll appreciate the thought you put into choosing a place special to her.
*The Daily Wire.* Lol.
Please post in the stickied thread. (Rule 3).
I promise you it would for most people. You're just spoiled with having the mountains 45 minutes away.
I read "Driscoll" as as "Discoroll" and assumed this was in NC.
@michaelsloan87 @SkyFootball The disappointment when it's actually a new club sponsor! 😂
This is a toxic behaviour.. get rid of him as soon as possible.
I like it better this way!
If you are into sours they put out some decent stuff, but anything outside of that is completely forgettable and average.
This is definitely dumb, but they're not saying vaccines=crack.
Maybe that’s what boogie was trying to say!
Everyone knows the original and true ending to dodgeball had [NAME] losing in the end.
Whether we’re from Guangdong or Guangzhou, we’re not xenophobic — we just need you to cooperate with pandemic measures!
It might be a person that isn't good at English dude :/
Not a Fan if anything FFXiii but I loved this game. Hope we get a season 2.
I can finally play 'Kabhi kabhi aaditi'. Only hindi song I listen to.
Oh wow thank you all for your opinions, I was just curious and wanted to stare at cool skins :3
I may have got lung cancer and hiv but at least I was around when [NAME] was haha baby-boomer win!
On-court obnoxiousness should be punished and has nothing to do with the game of playing tennis. Bring your A game hitting the ball or walk off the field.
Meh, whenever I travel with someone who can't walk fast, I just wait for the next train.
They don't even have to do "both sides," just the truth!
Commemoration and remembrance are important, but the US, South Korea, and other hostile nations involved in the war should be made to pay for their blood debts! This is the right path! If the US wants to overturn the table, then we should beat them!
Misread. I’m with you my dude.
Give it time. Pain like that needs to heal just like open wounds. I really hope that you will eventually start to feel better.
Well keep planting more!!!
A concept that doesn't map to reality other than as a metaphor.
I cringe because I have a morbid fear of STDs.
Because feminists have equal rights already. Feminism only still exists because some women figured out that they could use to further their privilege.
@wwcummings @USATODAY this individual is clearly trying 2 #intimidate this #LEO I see an issue here. STOP CAUSING ISSUES by pushing limits!! #intimidate #leo
@marksandspencer Where has your 50% grapefruit squash gone,not been able to get for weeks #unhappy #unhappy
Every year’s been a pandemic — businesses need to survive, people need to live. Some with dirty hearts act all superior — they’re nothing.
Look at downvote_me_moreYOLO's posting history. Looks like a UofT student from the GTA. Judge the source and throttle your anger accordingly.
*nods* I know an unfortunate reality. I was presuming that he isn't in a situation like that based on what he said though.
Cool! Well I look dumb but I learned something
Am i missing something or is this an antijoke that doesn't belong here?
I’ve been there and it’s above a highway, feel like that might raise some eyebrows haha
She’s horrible
yep i don't know how are aren't up
[NAME] [NAME] Bros are losing their minds over this tweet.
I don't know why but every time I see a meme telling me how good I am it doesn't do anything and doesn't make me happy
I'm not sure about bigger, but according to Google search algorithm, definitely as relevant.
It’s crazy that people know this and yet rake [NAME] over the coals for not wanting to talk to [NAME].
When she woke up the next morning she decided to figure out what the hell had happened.
Is this news? I don't feel like this is news.
Funny they decided to show a bunch of T2 images demonstrating the chronic microvascular ischemic disease and omitted the diffusion which had the more interesting findings pertinent to TGA.
I have that problem myself sometimes.
I concur. Redact the label!
i am uncomfortable
Well that sucks
Old people look at me and see a massive failure, so at least you have appearances going for you.
Loooong way to go in the season. A lot could happen. All we need is bottom 3 for a shot
Seriously. Where I’m from it’s Heinz or excommunication.
Well, yeah, you fucked up. Drop this behavior and game her the normal way as if nothing happened
Is your PC beefy? It looks like Battlefield god damn
No need to panic — don’t hoard too much medicine. Just prepare normally and face things positively.
some caps fans *really* love jumping to conclusions without any basis whatsoever
Is it... alive?
I would love to accidentally get muscular... Instead of working my arse off to lose fat at the moment.
Those classmates she surpassed simply lacked talent. She barely made it into the top 50—only top 1 or 2 count as truly gifted. How can those she outpaced be called talented?
He was supposed to go to a therapist appointment but I have no idea if he actually went.
I wonder if the #wolfcreek TV show is sponsored by the anti-tourist board of Australia to discourage visitors? #stayathome #dontvisit #wolfcreek #stayathome #dontvisit
Is this a real question or a snark?
Venetian Snares x [NAME]. Amazing
Gotta wonder how a fake BC could possibly result from a 'mixup'.
@URClassless I think that yawning actor died of a drug overdose. #glee #glee
Your definition of a body is whats entertaining, laughable really !
Wouldn't that be wonderful. You might be interested in this report on the divergence productivity and worker
Those are precisely communist ideas.
Wow, that's crazy. Ever tried DMT?
Someone else mentioned the council of Rome (382), but I’ll look into Carthage (397) and Hippo (393). Thank you!
Seconded. 8 years and I never reached the final castle.
I'm sorry you poop your pants every time someone mixes those words up.
Like a three dollar forty bag of fresh hiphop?
Well that's an awful superpower to have. Maybe you could fix [NAME] tho.
When you glossed over [NAME] history to make a cheap shot at a democrat. That type of dishonesty is kind of your trademark
This has to be made as a satire of terrible memes . Like r/okbuddyretard material
You are uninformed. Its not just because of the wall.
They’ve always been bad my guy
I appreciate you taking the time to at least justify your reasoning but I still very much disagree.
It's 5:55am. I'm hungry but there is no food.
I flew off the handle and that's my bad.
That makes sense. Thanks.!
But why does your horse have a leash on her while eating. Looks sooo uncomfy. Poor bubby!!!
Very weird game but will definitely take the W
>I want to believe that everyone deserves love They absolutely do! And he loves himself enough already! Too much, in fact.
I hate when I get extremely bored doing something that was once all consuming.
All that condescension to spell "capitulate" wrong. Shame.
The last time it happened I just said, "No" and closed the door
The NEW & IMPROVED Doggy Slinky!!! Everyone loves a Slinky!
An ugly fuk
Ahh gotcha - thanks :)
Hey didnt say being fat and short is bad
Wait what planet was this on? I dont remember ever going there
This gives me life
Interesting. I wonder how does this work. Does it do swaps itself? Does it utilize the currency exchange listings? I'll check it out later.
I don't think we've seen his full potential yet. With [NAME] we have, he can be really good. It's just rare nowadays...
Thanks, I hate it. They're out now though.
@Shahid3011 don't tweet shit like this! It'll come back and haunt you like your other ones 😭😂
The nude dudes in the Playgirl mag! It was like Playboy magazine, but with naked men. No boners allowed, tho, so they were flaccid.
Thats great... Here same with me
I'll say no thanks to endangering others in traffic. And miss me with the "I drive better while high"
One X-ray showed my foot from above and the other showed it from the side.
If people cooperated, we wouldn’t waste time. Still no zero-COVID after long lockdowns—find the real cause!
Completely shattered values — now even compensation can be crowdfunded? What’s the point of such a verdict? They might even profit from it.
So you are the only occupant in the dwelling that drives?
Same but I’m not really believing the OP isn’t a troll.
We hit off immediately and became friends.
Sort of a joke, but there are many reasons. DW says engineer jokes are not funny.
And I thought they smelled bad on the outside!
I think this is next on our list, thanks!
@sportinglifecan I keep a down vest or sweater in my pack year round! Helps on chilly mornings or breezy mountain tops! #mysportinglife #mysportinglife
Except [NAME] isn't under our control or capable of having an impact on our team. We traded him. lol
LA isn’t some scrub team, a win here could really boost us.
Rightfully so. I had it as a child and it was the worst experience in my life. I'm also vulnerable for shingles now. Yaaay.
And I will laugh at everyone wasting their first round pick on him.
So fucking heart warming. Brother love man it’s wholesome as shit.
Yep. Let him know. Weird awkward NOPE is better done online than in person
What was the first insult from [NAME] to [NAME]? I think I missed it
Im really sad, and there is alot more goin on but i dont know how to tell it.
I'm not saying anything about her run, I'm talking about her promo pic
I’m a girl too :p also highly unlikely but appreciate the sentiment
Just look at the picture
Not really. Wish your mum was still a virgin to be truthful with you as then we wouldn’t have to read the nonsense you post on here
Glad I didn't watch smackdown because I can't see my men @JasonJordanJJ @WWEGable lose. #sohurt #revenge #sohurt #revenge
oh this is gonna go well
Zero percent. I sit when I piss cause I'm not an animal and I like to keep my bathroom clean.
Get back on your meds mate..You aren't funny at all...
Get you some!!
BURN IT DOWN
I hear lobsters are great
Love how thorough this answer is. I think it shows you know yourself well!
Just watched this last night. Ron u make ma heart melt 😭
Some drown. Others look to the sky. I thought it was a blog.
Thank you for the link I'm going to post their also
Yeah that’s what I was saying, thanks for pulling the stats I was too lazy to.
Well this has been interesting
One time, she punched me in the face. It was AWESOME.
Our favorite warmup ritual. #Isles #isles
Every single time I found a girl that I was interested in, they always ended up finding some creative way to break my heart.
What kind of values are trending on Weibo? Liu Xin really keeps breaking the public’s bottom line of perception again and again.
Had to go way too far down the thread for this answer!
I just want to say, xx fans, stop coming here to show off in front of this old auntie. Don’t stir up trouble for your idol. Wish you happiness with your marriage and kids all in one go.
you have twice the courage I wish I had. well done dude!! wishing you all the best!
I'd say the bigger potential problem is getting reported for public indecency, that goes on your criminal record.
Doesnt help [NAME] was right. That would further push [NAME] into his arms
Yes, clearly u/backwoodmenace was repeating misinformation intentionally.
Oh, man. The whole story telling methodology was well done, and well paced.
I know it is true, for my own glasses have been gone for over 16 years, and I know what TO do and what NOT TO DO in order to have my eyesight relax, my vision stay sharp, and my eyes happy.
I wish to be apart of them one day
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!!! Thank you.
That's what I thought! Kotake and Koume!
Why did Hu Xuan’s vote share start acting abnormal from the next morning? Did they tweak the algorithm only for her? Other skins’ votes keep rising, but hers are dropping proportionally. If you don’t want to restore it, fine — just don’t waste players’ time and feelings.
I did not know that a map could arouse me
Unless the government steps in and does something stupid
Agreed. And I like how far you can see into the distance
I would try to find someone who wasn’t married and exploring sex parties because...I’m boring as fuck, I guess.
Hey man it's all good, I'm glad I can relate to someone as well!
I guess her Bad breath turned him off
I think it's kind of cute. Someone give her a megaphone, she's a gift for the GOP.
They got cockroaches . Seen it
There's limitations. Also, someone may have been assigned the number before a player joined the team.
I farted and a little nugget fell out onto the floor.
The orange man angers me and I do not like him.
Phone calls are the ultimate nightmare !!
Lol OK. I guess we'll skip over the "generally accepted" part of the definition cuz why not, eh?
Dude you really like The Strokes.
if I told 11 year old me that brussell sprouts are a top 5 vegetables, he'd have laughed in my face
lonzo can be special but teams just aren’t as patient anymore
I just really don't see 20% for him. I would be very surprised.
2 Minute [NAME] is the scariest [NAME]. I fear they have yet again, like the regular season game, scored too soon.
Open to close person.
I have. Here, its implying he wants to fuck the dog. The original the dog is just scared of him.
Thank you thank you!! I have a feeling I will be reading for a while!
Several accounts are fundraising for Liu Nuanxi on Weibo — I just reported them. Everyone, report too! It’s illegal fundraising and misinformation!
I looked at my wrist.
I agree you need to plan ahead. But you can't build infrastructure that will be heavily under-utilised and drive you broke to make.
So dumb it's genius.
That's why I'm glad they got [NAME].
Imagine if we were that team that was just 1 piece away instead of the team that is 14. 😭
If [NAME] comes out of his cave and sees his shadow, does that mean 4 more years of [NAME]?
Keep fallin then
Cc issue was never meant to be fixed in this patch, its a server side update, they already did one.
Right. Boiling frogs. But I feel more hope today than I have since any day in the last two years except November 6, 2018.
How can someone be so stupid, hope it hurt maybe learn not to do that again.
Mind boggling. Truly. This is the same deal SHE negotiated. Why didn't she find out if her party would back it BEFORE she signed it?
@flutterpolitely she is from the heyday 80's -could go either way, writing should be stronger but don't know who will be sacrificed first
Pretty much every Punjabi dude I've met.
I want to bounce a whole roll of quarters off that ass, holy shit.
Lol. I realize that. I know plenty of people like y'all
Musk’s companies indeed have few Indians, but many Europeans and East Asians — that’s part of his success.
You’ve just exemplified your own idea, thank you for further explaining it. I couldn’t agree more.
Being a nice, interesting person has helped me get a lot of friends but hasn't really gotten me anywhere with regards to women.
Love the guy complaining the panel is stacked against the rich what with all the high tax rhetoric. *The WORLD is stacked against the rest of us.*
> IMO the actual root of people's annoyance is that she's an outspoken progressive Not entirely.
sad to see [NAME] the man go but realy happy for [NAME]!!
Or you just say "Sorry, this isn't working out", and leave.
I feel like I am in over my head... Like Quicksand.
*”Better videotape it for that sweet IRL karma. Look at how generous I am, people! I am so humble.”*
That’s how I read it in the sentence but my brain reads it as “yeahno”. Lol
It's fairly good
Thank you! :)
Given [NAME] was in charge of the transition I don't see how he kept his hands clean. I think if [NAME] goes down so does he.
Ah so basically SDS is saying they're officially done with 18. Does the event never end
I remember thinking how smart I was then. /s
It's 3 Calling Cards I believe, and one sticker for getting Flawless. Other than that, no (unless you wanna count bragging rights).
Imagine your daughter running away from home. I think that's a pretty terrifying idea without some murderer or mystic horror
Sad truth is you cant run away from who you are no matter how hard you try :(
No just take care of your body!!! Fuck that
[NAME], you're back! And still posting the same old editorialized political garbage, I see. Some things never change.
That makes sense with NBC owning coverage of the Olympics.
I have never met a [NAME] who spends ages looking for what flavour tea to have. It’s either Tea or nothing
Alright, I'm all ears as to what the HUGE difference is.
This must be what you get angry about when you don’t have any actual problems in your life.
Rojo is shocking.......absolutely shocking !!!
The issue for Sun Yang wasn’t doping but procedural flaws — foreigners seized on that.
@hyattd335 #Grateful for #novel #award #promo #RT - #Blessings DeWayne Hyatt #Hippie who loves to grind on the #blues #Florida #grateful #novel #award #promo #rt #blessings #hippie #blues #florida
Looks like you've never been to Paris! The worst toilet in UK is cleaner than Paris.
Was thinking the same. But watching the fight, one time def had it
Oh. My. [NAME]. This entire post hurts my brain. It's beautiful
I’m really glad [NAME] wasn’t [NAME]
I'm impressed. A 3 year old account and this is your only comment.
This is the hardest I laughed in weeks
Ok, we get it. You're a top.
@CTV_PowerPlay @lraitt Horrid disease! My maternal grandmother and each of her sisters suffered from this affliction. It's hard on all.
I feel like I know her. Is this Tampa by any chance?
The comments on this have me rolling 🤣 more seriously though, I hope everyone’s alright!! ❤️
And what’s your thoughts on that specific scenario? Now I’m curious.
I've always loved [NAME] just saying are we all forgetting he literally won rookie of the year I know it was against no competition but still.
It’s crazy how invisible, worthless internet points control us
You gotta find that fine line where you amass as much paper equity as possible while not sacrificing what’s really important in life.
Hey bro there’s no judging here
Okay, thank you so much!
Haha, please stop rescheduling! I’d rather fewer days off. Legal holidays aren’t that many — stop forcing extras. Annoying.
My response would have been, If [NAME] sees me as unworthy, then I do believe that [NAME] would have more use for my tithings.
smell that? desperation. You can smell it.
Where were they? I was trying to track them down and couldn’t remember where I saw them.
Thanks for the feedback. Sorry, and welcome.
I guarantee you it is a huge concern to him. Never let up on the pressure against fascists.
I’m a wanderer in the galaxy, you’re a resident of the moon. I roam the universe, searching for your trace. ✨
You’re not alone OP. Stay strong. It’s rough now but everything will be back to normal soon.
People need to want democracy in its raw form though. We're too tribalistic for that.
@JamesPiotr I am working on a feature right now about the preponderance of awful owners who are at war with fans. So many to choose from.
ALL THE TIME
When her daughter says she wants to take all the weight from her and put it on her own body so her mom can go outside and play 😢❤️😢
Have some more faith in him, it sounds like your husband is trying his best.
There goes the butterflies in my stomach. #nervous #anxietyproblems #nervous #anxietyproblems
@falklands_utd @mauriciomacri \nbecause distrust in life , Argentina has a lot of heart and this President is worth every vote.
That sounds pretty good
I really need to stop taking my guns fishing with me. I keep losing them!!! :(
All the more reason to wish that [NAME] can continue with Daredevil after what Netflix did.
I'm just concerned about [NAME] health. Do you think an old, ugly, fat, stupid person like him should be eating such unhealthy meals?
@iStoleFreeHugs @stephlaris lol I'm happy with my negative, realistic ass self. Sorry to offend you
Idk I sort of loved seeing rich kids get stranded on an island with nothing but retired 737s to get them home.
I immediately block these shitheads/asshats
I had a blast watching it and am glad you did too!
The parents weren’t accomplices—they were the culprits. That so-called “master” didn’t come to murder him; the parents went to him with money. The parents are the true offenders—shouldn’t this be treated as homicide?
What year did I wake up in?
Not just that, but all the adipose tissue is very flammable. Too much can actually cause the whole thing to catch fire in a bad way.
Definitely accurate, lasted about a month total in a Disney “internship” program... was more like slavery. Terrible experience that ruined Disney for me
Probably yes. Impossible to say without details. Has he tried giving the bill to his insurance?
Removed under rule #1. This is your second removal for the same rule. #1
> 2. Give me any evidence that women don't want to date me.
Thanks for yelling it
I know how you feel and I’m sorry you’re going through that. But I’m glad you are still here
This is stupid, if it is "standard" within mega budget movies, what is Lucasfilm excuse not to be prepared?
Btc is a shite coin
This is a great idea. I'd even figure out where my printer ended up after I moved and set it up for this.
It’s probably down to low player base.
[NAME] hire a mod and write up some rules! Is this a text based story sub or images or videos or chaos?
So you're protected everywhere except where it hurts?
I rolled my eyes.
I'm autistic and I'd appreciate if you remove that comment. Thanks.
Exactly. You make anything happen for the sake of your kids. Nothing should stand in your way.
@yesnicksearcy @counterparty Although I don't expect a trumpie to understand the difference between real things and pretend things.
If it remains free at point of use and the level of service doesn't decrease then what's the problem?
Ah yes, taxes=Nazism. You [NAME] sure are a funny bunch.
As a teacher with a bunch of sick students, this scares the hell out of me.
We had absolutely nothing in common.
I was so scared, I thought the kid was going to backpedal into a street.
@GreatDismal @Bencjacobs and it’s gleeful because they’re so inspired, so convinced they’re winning and at last have their strongman
At least we can all rest easy that it doesn’t happen in “The Zookeeper”
He didn't run off like a deadbeat when he thought the kids were his.
Bold of you to assume I have anyone that I would want to date in the first place
4th qrt over 10.5 looks reasonable, play-offs teams usually try the hardest at the 4th
So now we have [NAME] King and The Prince. Nice. I'm not even mad with this transfer lol
More please!
'We can throw stones, complain about them, stumble on them, climb over them, or build with them.' — William Arthur Ward. #inspiring #inspiring
So happy to be home from Ibiza the place is some thing else mad gaff that , need find a bird now I wanna start doing romantic things now 😂😂
Maybe server related? I've got 2 cars in a low pop server and they work just fine...
If you bake em you're gonna have a bad time
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @footballrocks123456 #lively #musically #lively #musically
Yeah no way random bubbling would get them the highest score. Even in a 50 question test the odd would be ridiculously low
At first I thought it was [NAME] and [NAME] lmfao
which is the very issue because he banned me
Do you shut the door and allow them to stay there or do you leave it open?
The only way I can make people laugh
*Gives popcorn* I mean it's eleven hours old but I still got some.
Everything on the internet is real and serious... Im here to be downvoted and laugh.
If it was low-fat mayonnaise, their response may have been justified. That stuff is horrendous.
Handsome with dark touch!
Seems very very aggressive. I would love for you to be right.
100% dead as in I'm 100% killing her myself if I get the chance.
How are we going to get a high 2021 pick? Unless we lose a ton of games of course.
I have a rage rage ep 2 coming out soon I'll keep you posted on it #YouTube #youtubegaming  #youtube #youtubegaming
PLQ is soon. Wanna focus up. That’s why only Splyce is I guess
Maybe also therapy and medication.
I like taking 450 every 2-3 hours. Not the best hangover, but lots of CEVs and I enjoy the OBEs, floating thru the dark.
the rubber coming off is always a problem
as a woman, I can tell ya it’s not uncommon for that to happen, haha. [NAME] make it extra sad though.
Tell [NAME] it was me....
He once played the cop too but failed- **his only failed attempt.** *[NAME] a bitch, mayorape-boy!*
I only read the first sentence then came to comments to confirm that something about the author would be the most upvoted comment.
[NAME] needs to settle down before [NAME] gets him all worked up.
Nuttier than squirrel shit.
All the best, [NAME] bless.
Ouch. That hurt the ego. And that’s not easy to do.
Maybe a bit younger.
Thank you so much. This is really valuable information!
Fus Ro D..omg the sun is coming up
Okay that doesn’t belong here. I thought you were going to spin the Schlenk connection
Totally. I didn’t even realize it was my dream until it happened.
The last message was particularly painful to read
Well, 1/2 has been done already!
Dude looks like someone dipped Ansem into a super mutant vat
always asking for sex.
Does negging ever actually work?
your first mistake was trying to make something look presentable while serving it in a tupperware
maybe next time you should do some fucking research. prohormones will shut down your test production
All I'm saying is there is no way I would let one solo drop my whole team with a quad 0% chance
@BorisJohnson unhappy about the cost of leaving the EU ? If only you had published your letter outlining the reasons to stay instead. Idiot.
Good luck my tw broskies :(
His! Watch out! That cars coming straight for you! Omg guys she’s arguing with ferrah, she can’t hear us help!
Why? That's not helping us win games.
I'm from London and I want to leave. It just makes economical sense for me
This shit hurting my heart 😪 that's how serious it is .
Tears started to stroll down my cheeks, as I threw my face into my hands.
LOL how he not amused?! They dont like the truth haha
Ahahaha I’m enjoying your troll. Seriously remember commenting on it like a year ago. Hilarious people are still trying to correct you.
Yea the flash fan combo’s purpose is literally for killing one person. Idk what he’s talking about. Lmao
yea so disgusting
i love folksy cities skylines man
[NAME] Almighty. This may be the most empathetic and compassionate reddit thread I've ever seen! Who ever said drunks were mean? Terrible stereotype.
Ah I love IDLES! Both their albums are absolutely amazing. [NAME], [NAME], and Well Done are some of my favs
Cute and acts like a puppy but sexy at the same time. Totally exists btw
And only $300+ a night, beautiful but expensive.
I never had a problem with the old parachuting mechanic, but I like the new one and I think it might actually be better.
Gotta love January.
[NAME] just ripped his jersey. He’s frustrated as hell right now
He was just plain GONE into thin air.
Dude this kinda looks like the real face of hagrid
Naah, [NAME] fans got depressed when [NAME] didn't die
I feel like I lost focus... I have not accomplished anything and the clock isn't really stopping
Ah yes, I completely forgot that [NAME] maintains those servers himself.
These are all problems you're creating for yourself, not something she's doing.
I love having such a big family. There's never a dull moment in my house 😂
I’ve seen vast galaxies, yet I love this one star most. Young man, keep moving forward — we’ll be here to guard your path.
I’m on it. Will be recruiting family and friends as well. Thank you 🙏🏻
Trying to skirt sanctions or undermine legal fairness in China is impossible. Maybe abroad, but not here.
I'm so sorry for your loss. One of my favourite unisex names is [NAME].
r/woooosh I guess... xD
Many of them are actively being courted and convinced by People's Vote activists. You just actively avoid acknowledging that fact.
My son isn't old enough to remember his brother and my husband and I feel like that's a blessing.
Her attempts to be “edgy” fall flat are incredibly cringeworthy.
Get Flonase. This thing work for me.
[NAME] needs more love
Grew up watching avatar and [NAME] is one of my favorite video game protagonists, especially when RDR2 came out.
I thought it went well, but then she clearly didn't I guess it started to go downhill the second she saw my face C'est la vie I suppose.
Omg I just finished and I'm in awe...
Got a good laugh out of that. Plenty of wall of shame material.
she’s a huge mood
Im so glad that he Reacted that way i feel the same way about my college but im in the last semester 🤓
I am he does suck
rich people usually tip the worst lol
Aaaand this is why I couldn’t do online dating when I was single.
@Klipto the orange one is #poisonous and #bitter. You shouldn't judge the #blue one by how it looks but by how it tastes, #delicious. #poisonous #bitter #blue #delicious
You are the only real person i can look at soo noo
Thanks for that, I just turned 35 and considering nursing and starting over too
He's not my type but [NAME] is handsome AF. /s
@onefumi oh I see. I've seen so many people mourn the loss that I was surprised to see your tweet. I suppose same old here in SA
Aw no. Don't tell me you are out of epic quips to rek the trumpist incel fascist nazi?
I travelled for almost 9 years. Now I'm an auditor back home. So yeah boring.
calling her a sellout for having a job is hilarious.
I never understood the point of parole. Seems to me like an expensive way to increase recidivism.
@stolencarRSA What's the make so we can panic 😃
Sorry he was a United director when he bought it.
@eileen_davidson on RHOBH, you just do not want to assume an affair while you were married so you criticize @LisaVanderpump! #awful #awful
@SageHillfarms @HintonAlisa @hb_heather Hey, Jayme! Were your👂👂 burning cuz I was talking about you?😁 Are you going tomorrow?
From Luoyang: (1) If I were from a high-risk area, I couldn’t return. I have a green code and test—why make it hard? (2) I return for loved ones—why risk harming them? With green code, test, and no exposure, why quarantine me?
It's not a shaving cream ad, it's razor blade ad, you dunce!
I missed you [NAME] you're pretty cool
[NAME] damn it I hate when enemy keepers use their hands and stuff to keep the ball outside their goal. Make a mistake pls.
Sorry, the two different names made me thing those were two different places. ^ ^;
So... no nerd here to say the stomach doesn't really do that? Is this Reddit or what?
You did it!
#WHERE ARE THE TURTLES #where
Truth. If he had time for another relationship, he has time to pay for it.
If her legs aren't shaking, you're not doing it right.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @kaylaaa_sartorious #lively #musically #lively #musically
I had a little kid once get really concerned on Christmas Eve that I would not be home in bed before [NAME] was due.
Good puppy!
Hey guys. Just made some dinner. Came to see the game and check ohhhhh my god.
Title made me think I was on r/boottoobig for a second
Much love half purple homie
I don't need to have [NAME] as my husbando to love my mom
im glad to know that it's not that likely that I'll be sent immediately. thank you for the kind words :)
That's fine I'll still be here calling out your ridiculousness regardless.
Ya! Nintendo is for kids! Now join me on my expensive PC and let's play stardew valley like MEN!!
I never disappoint, just ask your mother. ;)
Im not looking to be forgiven lol. I still stand by what i said. Pll only read half my comment and ran with it
It would still be like hardcore then, you start a new life but retain nothing from the last
Can afford a Mercedes but not a 1,000-yuan child seat — and puts the kid in front! Another fool born into riches.
Please [NAME] that’s how I want to go!
I miss those lol
I cringed so hard my vagina fell out.
Suddenly, this bright white flashing light goes off.
[NAME] and [NAME] statues look so like their current ages when [NAME] looks significantly older :(
I'd say British humor isn't for everyone. I think he was on point most of the time.
At least you supported a talented artist :3
oh my good
Last Sunday YouTube glitch making me lose up to 20 subs is heartbreaking for a channel my size! Nearly at 1K though #1Ksubs #youtube soon 😀 #1ksubs #youtube
Haha, looks like it.
>there may be some toxic tendencies Everyone has some toxic tendencies, toxic is a pretty vague word.
Hopefully [NAME] is not included
Vancouver is even more ridiculous.
My parents died. I wish they were someplace warm that I could visit them with their grandchild, and they could visit too.
Any [NAME] who are into this, hit me up! Love me some trance & techno. Can't wait for Transmission Sydney in March :)
Just become a pessimist and you will look forward to it
Otter is another one - think young, slimmer, less hairy
i dont think you guys understand it at all tbh.
Not only has my flight been delayed numerous times, we have not been provided with a snack cart #horrific #horrific
I was surprised the general public hadn't already heard of them tbh. They have been around for quiet sometime.
I read that whole thing, so damn funny. But seriously, all those guys need to be sterilized.
This works for me too. Not sure why either.
It’s awful — small-county salaries are 5–6k at best, yet housing over 10k? I’m absolutely not buying a house or having kids.
So America and the USSR are the exact same thing to you? Sorry you're so small minded, hope you learn to grow in the future.
Ew, this comment needs to die. Adultery is the most cowardly option you could ever pick.
a mad men fan? nice. unfortunately i dont have any idea where to get this at.
I’m not sure why they thought it was cute, but this is what that alluded
And yet still just outside of the playoffs and not the worst team in the last 10 games.
And this is why men are so against #believewoman #believewoman
I thought about it but I wanted a sub that didn't exist.
@CozanGaming that's what lisa asked before she started raging at me, 'can I call you?' heh
Yeeeeaaaaahhhhh, im gonna need a source on that 40% statistic
Are you throwing such a hissy fit that you couldn't read the "anywhere else other than the internet" part?
Did you just call me a *bitch*?? You will NOT disrespect me like this TODAY!
[NAME] needs to slow things down there.. ffs
$42,000 fine over a JOKE is unreasonable.
I’m curious as to how many people they’re going to interview for the OC job. Maybe 2-3?
This better be a fucking shitpost.
Panpiper playing Big River outside The Bridges in SR1
Good luck OP! I'm rooting for you!
Multitasking .... I may have to induce these seeds of mine to sleep. #restless #restless
But 80% of the time they go back to "single" (or just remove the relationship status), so no worries.
A black female LEO💙 was shot 8 times and died in Philadelphia --Where's the #outrage black people? @BarackObama #Sharpton #blm #TheFive #outrage #sharpton #blm #thefive
Good morning. The best life is one that follows the seasons, with a calm heart — cherish each day as spring turns to autumn, and embrace tomorrow with hope and joy.
Yeah, look at the publicity for just that.
wasn’t it just reported that the [NAME] report will be “anticlimactic?” Don’t like [NAME], I’m just keeping it real.
Yall remember that rainbow zebra striped gum that lost its flavor in like 0.0001 seconds
He was left for dead on the streets after the procedure but survived, doesn’t specify how I think
They're all so cute~ Here's mine
@OddNMacabre One day I'm drinking a bottle of nyquil, the other I'm sleeping zero. My lovely #horror fam, which should i watch? 🎩 #horror
@FilthyFrank My first time watching your vids and i died of laughter. Keep this up dude
My sister put her foot into the muddy end of a pond once and thought she was dying. We had to go home. It was hilarious.
For I am here with youuuuu
If it were [NAME] being negative about Korea, would you be equally happy to see it banished?
Its cool, looks like it has a dish drying place built in too
*my fat normie slut*
Thanks for the feedback!
But you understand that the whole point here is to get [NAME] in that suit.
But i'll be a pity. 🐑
[NAME]’ ego has turned him into such a bully. He seems to get off lately on witch-hunting and encouraging his “sisters” to harass people.
Hahaha. One of those rare moments when a reddit title makes me laugh out loud.
We don't know what would have happened if she'd said no, which is why most guys wouldn't ask.
lol @ additionally “learning” physiotherapy as if we DPTs/PTs didnt spend our own 3 years learning.
@KWAYNTjoia it's exhilarating
I wish I could forget
Omg the hockey god’s actually helped us !?
Those who do good are like spring grass—growth unseen, yet daily it thrives. Those who do evil are like a whetstone—wear unseen, yet daily it wanes.
this video made me feel like screaming
I’d imagine so.
With that draw, the scum must be rubbing their hands with glee! Typical draw for the Woolwich lot!!! #jammygunnerscum #jammygunnerscum
@LVLMLeah Nooooooooooooooooooooo. We have stupid, dismal, lame winters where we maybe get some dangerous ice once.
And so are you!
sav tells our mom 'I love you' and she responds 'Oh.' #sad #sad
They mean that too often, people would accidentally reflect. Tbh, it was pretty useless imo
U mad [NAME]?
Omg. This is the real gem in this post. Thank you sir
Good luck with your procedure! Be strong and don't try to let anyone even think they can try to change your mind. This is your decision.
Wait is this a euphemism for ditching your husband and finding a new partner or did you lose 179 pounds?!?!
We don’t like to talk about that
All those things are definitely your fault. She is much better off without you.
I can't wait to find out why this is inaccurate and I should hate the person who made this post and shower them with downvotes.
Have to run some plays for him, he is guarded pretty tightly.
I’m reading Homegoing by [NAME] and it’s so good! It reminds me of Pachinko, which I also loved.
TONIGHT - Fulford Arms, York \nTOMORROW - Bank Top Tavern, Oldham\nNEXT SATURDAY- Big Hands, Manchester \n\n#livemusic #punk #blues #rockandroll #punk #blues #rockandroll
Thank you. We’re seven months into reconciliation. We definitely had HB for the first couple weeks as well.
Welcome to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, where families can be SEPARATED forever
Short and sweet I like it.
You’re ignorance would be excusable if you weren’t so douchey about it.
It always upset me that [NAME] would require his only son to do this I no longer believe it
Yeah, I applied this morning. I wasn't planning on quitting and I felt like I wasn't given a choice...
The report says Apple faced difficulties with charging ports and chose Huawei’s interface—hinting at a tech shift.
You know, girls really like it when you make things about yourself. It shows you care about them.
That’s what happens when you’re from the uk and there’s literally nothing but 1 uk event outside of the pro league and America.
You have your opinion and I have mine why does that make only one of us a victim?
I hate online rumor-mongers — everyone acts like a doctor, spreading fear for clicks. Ignorance is scarier than the virus.
I mastered the smelling weed in public. Just ignore them.
Or all of it, with our displeasure pieced, #shakespeare #shakespeare
Bloody Peasant!
Ha! Thanks - that's very flattering. For my part, FWIW, I always encourage folks to donate to their local farm sanctuary. ^**=o)**
Yeah but who’s to blame when you are put into a seemingly meaningless game when all you care about is one rank. Bad system.
But also don't be so aloof that you don't want to help anyone.
End this relationship NOW. And please learn from it!!
Considering their plans, they won't have to spend too much time in order to consider it the rest of their life..
Damn... somebody got told.
Come on really. I’m for gay rights.
I'm critical of halal, but I also don't eat meat. None of it is humane.
They lost because they didn't run a leftist at all
Thank [NAME] for state rights.
Sure you can, but the question is whether or not the kid will listen, or if you will upset the parent.
You should have told them it was for a duck. Ducks eat free at Subway.
Brown woman bad
What is it with everybody doing extreme sumo deadlifts right now? Like yeah wow you can lift 2x your bodyweight 2 inches, well done.
Is [NAME] gonna die to a bucket of water at the end of the series?
I see some text on dark background is mesmerising.
LOL! You're fucked.
They’re honestly a cult at this point. It’s not just sad, but incredibly scary.
You do realize that this is the sub for non-Trump supporters to come ask questions to [NAME] supporters. The OPs are all non-Trump supporters
Turning the Sunny Side Up into a Shitty Side in All Directions. Love it!
This is so wholesome I love it
I was wondering the same thing?
Wow Toxicity has been done thousands of times, becoming less and less original, try something new. NEXT!
What an ass. I almost downvoted this out of anger.
[NAME] really getting roasted every chance. I think he is just misunderstood. I hope he shows up.
Thanks for this, got a mate in Germany.
That poor kid. That is going to cause some issues for them as well down the road.
@pbump @AndyRichter  My heart goes out to that woman for the indignity of what she is sitting through.
I should really study today for chemistry but playing madden is just way more fun.
That doesn’t help people in market though.
Everybody uses your back lane. You're famous for being the local bike.
Nelsinho!!
This counts as “borderline”? What about those dancing ones—twisting hips, breasts almost popping out of the screen? They’re fine though.
Based on that cars wheels it is now very tired.
I'm positive that we'll never be able to communicate with them in their language.
My fav frank songs are white Ferrari, super rich kids and bad religion, I know those are popular songs I just wanna get deeper into his music
Being demoted for having the best ideas in the office doesn't sound like a good business strategy.
Was totally expecting this to end with "and then the game crashed" lol
Haha, just like teaching.
Stoked that the concept of 'label exclusivity' is becoming faux pas. Always believed it held artists back while creating label distrust
Police work is retail. You're dealing with some tough customers
Or it could have just never happened because nobody ever wanted to see it.
My baskets are better when I'm in a bad mood someone irritate me before practice please
RIGHT?! My mom would literally never forgive the bitch 😂
Get to work and there's a fire drill. #fire #burning #outthere #inthedark #fire #burning #outthere #inthedark
one of my all time favorite episodes i even love the closing animation of them crossing the bridge out of the
Good for you OP! I hope you find a much better playgroup soon!
She has some really good dance moves honestly!
Few people end well after going viral. Others swarm like vampires, feeding off the chaos, leaving no peace.
Yeah. I'm gonna take a shower
Thanks, I appreciate that. It's about what I expected though. Sadly, I'm used to it.
I am just like this! Glad to know I’m not imagining it.
Idaho lot rather we stop with these amas.
Also known as the song ice cream trucks play. I was wondering why it sounded so familiar!
Thank you, I had no idea if it was normal or not lol. I felt like I was the only one until just now. I appreciate it
Oof, yeah sorry my dude, it came across as pro-wall to me. Probably what happened with others as well.
The best part of this day, Jesus, is to snuggle up in your embrace...to rest in your arms and know you love me...💙❤ #sweetEmbrace #delight #sweetembrace #delight
Thank you. I realise I have to start from scratch
Now that's brilliant... 30? woah. I'm only 19, hope it doesn't take me that long
I want to see that too, but we all know it's not going to happen.
Just do it!
That... That makes a lot more sense than what I thought they were chanting.
This is amazing!! Will it be integrated with the 7th heaven mod collection?
My favourite scene in the movie.
Takes a lot less effort to just say “fuck off, buy your own.”
Everyday gay panic is STUNNING: I drew 1 guy's att'n to it when he blocked up a toilet stall's cracks w/paper towels. TOTAL INCOMPREHENSION.
* No flaming or insults
LGBTQ media should inform, inspire, entertain &amp;unite our community. It shouldn't give platform 2 those whose goal is 2 offend us 4 attention
Hey, it's good of you to do this, she may be sad but in the end it will be better for her. Proud of you!
I thought this was an obvious gimme in the first place.
Well they both have a bit of a graspy type voice, but yeah... XD
HIT OR MISS
I was imagining her just coming in to work wearing the full [NAME] look.
Praise [NAME] your taste is bad /s
[NAME]. I love how this question soundly crushes that entire paragraph, and the only response is a downvote.
Uh. Okay. I dont thats likely to happen. Even when people were eating babies it was not die moral reasona
I think I translates more into "Waiting to see what kind of Brexit turd-burger Westminster eventually vomits up".
“Compassionate mind” means wishing others happiness; “compassionate action” means helping them achieve it. “Merciful mind” means wishing others relief from suffering; “merciful action” means helping them remove that suffering.
Same people will complain of never seeing him except at election time
They'd be a 16 year old stoner or 61.
[NAME] hitting himself with the other guys stick. Palms with another 2 goal night!
This infection, no meds. Fever lasted <12h, peaked 38.2°C, mild pain, no sore throat, now dry cough for 2 days — the cough’s the worst part.
Can Diggle put a bullet in him already
#Talking about our #Problems is our greatest #Addiction#Break the #habitTalk about ur #Joys#quote #optimism #problemsolving #behappy #talking #problems #addiction #habittalk #joys #optimism #problemsolving #behappy
Whether you are rejoicing or fighting back tears, God wants to share the moment with you.
Wishing that sweet boy a super quick procedure and an even faster recovery. I’ll keep you guys in my thoughts.
Blow me you feckless moron, I was out of state.
I meant people who are attacking AOC over this dance video. Apologies for the misunderstanding, and I appreciate the lengthy reply.
Hard to follow after reading his post history. Says he is divorced...
There isn't really much to say to something like this, is there? Its unsettling.
Chalk dance notation entree manchester inasmuch as corinthian products that discourage drag branding: ARwuEVfqv
I don't mind posts bashing NOED or DS. But I wish this one would make sense or would be funny.
They ask for nothing—only to find the living! Kind dogs, loving beings—sometimes greater than humans! Salute!
The key to commercial film success: Western style = grand scenes + heroism. Wu Jing and Chen Sicheng do well — Wu’s patriotic theme, Chen’s humor. Ang Lee and Cheng Er make art films — Eastern style = small narratives + detail focus. One gives, one savors — not comparable.
Honestly scared to see what happens
He’s got no options. Not your problem. Have another wine! 😂
The level of envyness far too much
BREAKING NEWS, local bartender found chained up in drunks basement!
That’s how you know they’re happy.
As a once very sick kid, I thank all you pediatric RN's out there for what you do and your compassion while doing it.
Did he lose a bet or something? -edit- It took longer than it should have for me to realize that it was a mashup of different dudes...
Dang ol Mega-Low mart on frye!
OwO what's this?
depends on who im with lol. I became an Entp for a short while then went back to being an introvert.
@GarthJennings loved #sing #tiff but 1 q there is 1 japanese line but obviously spoken by non japanese. no way to find japanese for 1 line? #sing #tiff
it's sad when you talk to someone about ya past n how it fucked you up and then they do the same thing like people really don't have hearts
They didn't get magically transported from another life and retain all their memories and tendencies. So it's not apples to apples.
Damn you two need help
All I want to do is stuff my face with pizza but when you cut you gotta commit
I watched a really bad horror movie she starred in but I think it predated VPR.
If you keep grinding you could become rookie of the year 2020 imo
Yup, but I love wegman's so much, although I am curious as which one this is... I am guessing Jersey or DC area
Ffs dreadful defending
Not if he signs it. And he has made statements that contradict the 2nd amendment in the past.
US you need to band together not apart #nevertrump he promotes hatred and fuels #fear #nevertrump #fear
An @amityaffliction kind of drive home from work today  #dailyfeels #dailyfeels
I can't upvote this enough. Thank you for practicing what is preached!
Excellent! I hope that EU countries will issue statements of support themselves too, soon. Prime opportunity to really piss into Russias breakfast for once.
I don’t think you understand selling at a loss
What are you talking about, as a 30 year old man i still munch on those
<3 It was hilarious, sorry I doubted you!
Ha amazing I thought I was alone
I’m surprised I had to scroll this far down
Anybody who likes to drink water with ice is a degenerate
What a deliciously glorious rant. I suspect he is not alone in his opinions.
It still cracks me up when people call me [NAME].
This is the first time I've written anything on this series in over two years, so I'm checking back in for one last nightmare.
Sometimes we pick the bad option to make a point.
There's those people that compliment me all the time and you can tell it's so forced and fake and I honestly dont know what to say
Absolutely. I have 3 kids with this woman. My guilt is compounded because I will be tearing their worlds apart too.
It’s tough to adjust when counter-battery is incoming. They’re just hoping for that one-round FFE.
I moved my arms, stretching the muscles, watching ribbons of flesh dance around skin and bone.
She did NOT try hard, that's the problem.
Oh! Thank you!
@spencer0415 awe, I love you kid!!
You're a horrible person.
The fact you can remember the games he blew shows how great he was and how few and far between they were.
The history of horrible things the federal government has done is well documented. The same way the federal government does it, with income taxes.
This is hilarious
When in the past 4 decades has anything changed due to a march?
Marlboro picked up [NAME] and are phasing out the njoys.
What did he say about [NAME]?
Sorry man, losing the championship after picking him up this year is a tough break
Damn, why y'all posting the match threads this early.
My personal supply is always well stocked, thank you. You're welcome to it if you'd like an alternative to Arlene from Accountings baby feed.
Here’s your participation award
Neglect is a THING!
The moon tonight 😮 #beautiful #beautiful
I’m totally having a fantasy about publicly shaming someone for giving their server attitude right now. Sweet justice.
Don’t be ashamed of what you like. You have a good day, fellow redditor.
Tears welled up in my eyes, but none fell out.
I love snow! It means snow days!
Something I just thought of... Can you email her or text her instead of call? I find it's easier to deal with difficult people that way.
@daemondave @paulkrugman Hey stupid, that was bad intel to take Bin Laden out. Try again with your faux outrage. I bet u admire Putin right?
Fun fact: 3 is both my favorite number and my lucky number!
shits awesome!
Ooh wrong answer, but you'll have another chance to win 10,000 dollars in the lighting round! Will be right back after these messages.
Weird! Also in Winnipeg, no issues. Do you have a VPN?
Fuckkkk those are 2009 prices. I’m guessing you’re out east!
I'm quite interested as well!
I got that feeling as well. Hoping he retires a Jet. We are the one org that embraced him. He was coaching sam every step.
Omg, the kitty bites the knee and then looks at the human to gauge reaction.
ME TOO HE IS MY FAVORITE KILLER TO GO UP AGAINST [NAME] FROM NURSE!
The shock burned a part of my thumb.
Come on I think he’s funny!
It's a hit headline from coin desk that has nothing to do with the article--which is glowingly positive for Ethereum and the Ethereum space.
As it should be. No way I'd want my kid crossing 5 lanes of traffic to get to the bus everyday.
Woah. That overtime was exhilarating! Out of my seat and the hands on mackinnon wow #WCH2016 #wch2016
Coq was great man...
Really funny how our FO liked the 2 of the worst qbs. [NAME] and [NAME] That’s why I’m skeptical about our FO now
You call everyone ignorant—sure, only you experts know everything? Labeling people ignorant just flatters your “expertise.”
Baby cake!
how do you think money is created? it is largely controlled by the government and is distributed to create certain results in our society.
It’s a Shitpost. 😐 Also. Don’t tell me to shut up. You’re not my mom!... or... are you?
You could just omit the walking part.....
You want a fight, and I’m just not up for one. Good day!
Chelsea just signed a striker. We need it we get it mentally. Arsenal is still ducking around as usual. Where is the change?!
I definitely liked him last game against Houston. Hope this is the new AG!
Yeah right, like other government look to [NAME] to learn something our politics is hot mess won't happen, will stay a dream I guess
[NAME] is a madman and I love it.
Police aside, storms and high tides may make things a little tricky
Great. Literally nothing is sacred anymore.
Does Mama count?
Ugh yes that makes sense. Thanks for the response.
That's a big meal.
I thought [NAME] was the cutest. [NAME] is adorbs too. All the main kids are really.
It's probably easier when you're given all the money and connections you need without doing anything worthwhile to earn it.
I've been waiting years to see them (specifically [NAME])!!
Apparently the aftermath of the clogged toilet was pretty gruesome.
Think its time you let your butterfly self out, dear....
Lol good talk
onus is on Pakistan' : MEAIndia after #Uri #terror attack #uri #terror
Can't tell if bad troll or just ignorant knowitall
@baileygazteacow NO. The gay guy and the dad revenge fucking
Not a good couple hours. A full 33 days.
Interesting. Expected them to go with more established names, but glad they didn’t.
im still starving
It's so ugly, nice.
Haven't played anything else as long as it's been up, no matter if duos or squads
I like to think it rhymes with wasabi but I have no idea
[NAME] fucking [NAME] are you done yet racist motherfucker, you’re not helping society
I love that place I actually went their for my prom pictures
@barbarasgarden Thank you oh so much. There are many challenges but much rejoicing! ✨
I did misread i saw 23-27
Me and my best friend both are..
We all are afraid of losing our jobs here or being blackballed all the same.
Excellent as always
Would you recommend running/run another cycle if you knew you had all your ducks in a row so far as diet, training, and lifestyle go ??
Worse. They told us to mind our own business
Sorry, yes they do. [NAME] is the worst QB mentioned in that list.
It is SO gross, I despise him and think he's a gross predator.
Forget it [NAME], it's Chirotown.
Big man going round the world asking for protection money. And all that time the Pentagon cringes, as they would lose a key base around China.
Oh shit. I'm so sorry! 😂
@lucybeecoconut A make up remover and insect sting relief!
Oh, I thought it was about the audio glitch at the end, lol Now I see
@UKLittleKitchen Defo a hearty root veg gratin. Nice comfort food as Autumn kicks in
I don’t think most people suck for 4 yrs and then figure it out again
And you're a lame, sorry not sorry
Meow-meow smiles upon all of this.
Nice try with your 1/3 pan and t rex arms there buckaroo /s
A mix of useful idiots and active grifters. It's a sad sign of our culture that these people make a living this way.
i love you [NAME] and and son [NAME] and the holy spirit love
As much as I’d love [NAME] to be gone, i know they never would
I disagree. In that I believe that season 3 was also very good. I think it's better than season 4.
You’re welcome, glad to help!
Perfect explanation!
CANADA! HOW ARE YA, NOW?
[NAME] should be sticking that to the other side of the keeper, strange decision to go for that corner
@bennymcnugget Very sad and upset and idk :/
Wow you found the answer, wish you were on top, will link to you in my post
@THATSSHAWTYLO passed away early this morning in a fast and furious styled car crash as he was leaving an ATL strip club. That's rough stuff
They said Texas! #Woooooo TEXAS #woooooo
...if there is a way to edit this to "original content" I'd love some coaching on that. Thanks folks!
That looks like total garbage.
They’ve worked hard all year, just returning home—how is that “malicious”? Who coined such a ridiculous term?
>majority I see Well yeah, I doubt many would complain for the legit ones
ha, hardly. maybe the biggest city. Russia is fucking huge.
Wasn’t the black saber first seen in the Clone Wars? But otherwise all true.
Is this what people with too much money do?
Are any other carriers better? I ask out of ignorance, but I was under the impression they all sucked
Pres named his business barstool. The expectation of stupidity is the brand.
Only if you roll all the windows down....and pay no attention to what I'll be doing.
Not admitting you like something because some of the fan base sucks is pretty pathetic.
I'm terrible sorry, /u/bookluvr83, but I'm afraid I must join up with the giving-you-crap-for-not-liking-brownies bandwagon. ^kidding ^^^kinda
Obviously lmao weird flex but ok
Apologies, I take it all back as I’ve just seen his latest effort
We both wake up at the same time.
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result
I got offered a couple of batches. They weren't 100% terrible but I feel like they could've been better so I didn't take them.
the older me would be scared shirtless knowing all the fireworks that exploded nearly in my hand as a kid
I'd love if Sony use [NAME] as [NAME] in a Venom movie. I want [NAME]
I then pushed myself up using my arms.
Alright, thanks
Officials aren’t elected by the people’s votes, so naturally they don’t put citizens’ interests first.
Calling returnees “malicious” — so you think they’re bringing the virus home to wipe out their village? Ridiculous!
I love when [NAME] plays like this
[NAME] is awesome
Better get yourself here before March 😂
I drop at Bush but never pick up. Hobby I can usually drop and do a quick pick up right after during peak hours.
Wow, so that means common tongue isn’t English!?!
What a loser, sad.
Why even release this data? Wrong data leads to wrong decisions. Even if you’re lying, at least show the sample size — so we can know the ratio and leave useful data for future epidemiology.
*Fuck extremists.
Seriously doubt it will be Knights of Ren, but that would certainly be a great way to get people excited and build hype.
Oooor maybe it is just a catchy term and y’all are overly sensitive about race and sex....
At least my suffering is over.
Intrusive thoughts happen in anxiety disorders, although I'm not sure if that's what you're describing here
I dont get the joke
#COINCIDENCE??? When you turn on the TV, etc.&amp; listen &amp; watch, the objective is to #CaptureYourMind with #fear &amp; #depression. #FindGODNow!!! #coincidence #captureyourmind #fear #depression #findgodnow
You. I like you
@BluesfestByron second artist announcement looking good #bluesfest2017  #Music #byronbay #bluesfest2017 #music #byronbay
[NAME] looks like a [NAME] with short hair. Bring back the mane man
Need chemicals. Love it.
@Eeevah14 don't I know it, try not to fret my sweet little pupper
wow I think you've really got her now
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** SirVortivask! ^(hug)
Considering how much they project and accuse how often they others of only hating X person because of their race, it makes sense.
You're* Stay in school lol
my haters are like crickets. they chirp all day but when I walk past them they shut the fuck up.- @DritaDavanzo (my idol)
Honestly, I have a hard time sleeping in socks. The fuzzy ones are the worst because they slide around on my feet.
Yep, this is all I needed. See you guys later, Ima go jump off a cliff
I'm sorry to hear about what your sister did to you. I'm glad my videos could be of help!
blank I had a dull throbbing pain in my arm yesterday which i took painkillers for, but ended up waking up at 4:00 am this morning with it still in pain.
ya boy gets mad tired of pine trees
I have a moronphobia. I'm going to need to ask you to step away as I have an irrational fear and distaste of you.
If i could just get my line to block!  #germantownbroncos #lilleague #popwarner #Broncos #usafootball #offense #lineman #germantownbroncos #lilleague #popwarner #broncos #usafootball #offense #lineman
We aren’t done until we are mathematically eliminated. Always hold out hope
This not the first or second mistake by VAR against us.There was even an wrong offside against us some games ago and they didn't checked it.
Ahh damn, keep in mind that the pillars move in the direction of the side you’re on, it’s lowkey finnicky
This is the funniest thing I’ve seen today
For real my wife was like what the hell are you laughing so hard at... I couldnt even explain i just kept laughing.
I repeatedly thought, "I am NOT going there!".
My pride hurt worse than my leg did.
Flight 815 crashed on The Lost Island 2004 #lost @JoshuaJThurston #lost
They look pretty great tbh stache and all
I love having twins. They'll keep each other company in their room until about 7:30-8:00 every day. So nice.
I needed to hear this. I'm resigning my good paying FT soul sucking job to try something new. Wish me luck!
At one point it even came up to my foot to nibble on the grass near my toes.
Zer0 went from 4-0 to 3-2???
Which ventilators unfortunately have a serious list of potential side effects.
yeahhh fellow new shift here too * high five *. Congrats!
Our rule: even from low-risk areas, you must show a PCR test within 48 hours, then test again 48 hours after arrival. I’m home for six days — two throat swabs. Not pleasant at all.
Dude, your mentally handicapped post history. /I'm ignoring ya it's all good
I love every bulge, scar, stretch mark and jiggle. Every single one tells a story I want to hear.
Because you offended by the lies of Alexandria Goddard doesn't mean that I'm Deric's friend or anything else. Purely a fishin expedition.
MD will add it soon too. Too big opportunity not too. Casino everywhere. Add good growth to Maryland area
Love the new intro song.
Still wish [NAME] hadn't sent him away the way he did.
Darn. I knew there was something off about him.
Ik some of my fav episodes of recent
Thanks for the tip! You get bonus points for no spelling mistakes. If I can offer a tip in return, look up what "ironic" means.
If everybody put down their camera to help, what would you be doing right now?
What a homie.
Hahaha the build up is hilarious and the ending is the best. They really think he is badass
The American way is to show some empathy for others come on dude
Talking about scary foreign people spreading disease is a classic xenophobic trope. Vile.
I’m disappointed that no one has suggested taking her up Oxo Tower yet.
Rover has treated us well.
Yes...it would be weird, but at the same time there are immigrant families without citizenship or working toward getting citizenship.
When he puts it in too fast and you don't have time to let your walls expands, this is exactly how it feels...
Thank [NAME].
Might get in trouble with the mother for assuming she's single though. This has happened to me when using miss.
When is the battle point for squad spawning back?
Glitter is awful for everything
Dude couldn’t see he had a spool of hair growing on his face?!
Well I for one think small d**** are adorable
How to PRETEND to have ice powers? Wikihow, *do you think this is a fucking game?!*
Damn for real?
Exactly! It amazes me how many people dont communicate with each other. Talk about it, see what they say. Discuss. Come to a conclusion.
Here's a great essay by [NAME] regarding the Skripal farce that I've just run across:
Nice! I’m glad you liked it. Have fun exploring :)
I'm not surprised to read this within the sub it's in. Bunch of knuckle dragging storm troopers WOULD be angry to see people liberate themselves. XD
I assume you have have kids because you believe that since condoms are not 100% effective, you may as well not use them?
hummm because... It is but... Relative. It's fun though. It's all a memes where everyone act 'serious'
She can study abroad. Would such a family not be able to pay 700,000? I really don't want to give anything. Oh my god? Time and time again, I have seen the unlimited limits of human nature.
its never a postive number either so its not optimistic
I disagree. It's a couple of loud voices and some pretty blatant brigading from at least one of them.
Damn, sounds like I missed a few things, I might need to rewatch the first season!
Wtf shawty ass on 😤
I still adore him — like a whale breathing gently in the deep sea, passionate and tender.
Oh yes! Here's an Imgur link to the first three I saw.
I mean if it was crowded or rush hour I understand, but I don't see that much an issue if its empty like this..
From a quick glance this account would seem to be glowing
Like I said ➡ there's plenty of cheddar in the cheese to go around! For everyone. ☺ #smile #smile
I’m here,it’s tough but I’m here.
Those who smeared Sun Yang back then must’ve been silenced by COVID — otherwise, why isn’t their stench lingering here?
>he's also super handsome *( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)*
no it doesn't, hmmmm I sent in an ask on the discord support page about finding people so lemme check that
9 to 4. That's pretty sorry.
Awesome and interesting response!
It's such a shame that the game forces you to use the q-tip and prevents you from equipping any other weapon.
what a bizarre post omg
I know it's easy for me to say because it wasn't me but money is money. We can always make more. Really sorry dude.
I'm about 5 weeks of NC after a 1 yr relationship. It gets better. Occupy and work on yourself.
Right! I pictured my kids and my oldest would probably MAYBE try once to show the little one.
Especially with the way they got rid of him... no real fanfare at all...
@comrade_islaboy HAHAHAHAHA. Hornet's nest. Let them sting each other.
Oh you're MGTOW. Lmao.
>fabricated moral high ground The irony of saying that as everyone here jerk's themselves off to a meme
And even then... It won't be for long.
>I'm 8 years old in human years yeah, I'd bet
This is a very offseason thing to say
Underrated comment right here.
"In valor, there is hope"
It serves as quite a lesson to anyone, don't you think?
At least this person sounds like they don't want to be fat. They just need guidance m
Reply with "Oh, my bad". Don't make a big fuss out of it. People make mistakes.
Penny dreadful 3 temporada
@ReaganRachelle if I go I'm going to blow some serious money, idk if that's a sacrifice I'm willing with make
Oh interesting username
@pronounced_ing However I am pretty sure my over excitement did not help your bullet journal fright. 🙃
Your friend should be disowned by their family
@ScottiePass shock horror handicap dodger is at the top 😂 close on the agg cup good , but think pressure will get to mark🤔
apparently since you won't do it
Heart heavy for lost furry family members. Remembering Max and Ozzie. Forever friends as 🐶😇
Many people are saying this is true. Great story.
Oh my [NAME] that's so satisfying
How come nobody even reacted?
Your boy' is having a nightmare @VivaLaSergio
There was a huge pervasive fear of nuclear war in the 80s among kids. I remember often waking up screaming from nuclear nightmares.
That’s great of you :)
> In some, cops fire blanks in the hall to simulate an active shooter scenario. That's incredibly stupid, and serves no purpose.
The wonderful thing about ttigers, is ttigers are wonderful things!
For be just being a handsome guy works wonders.
Very cool.
Getting upset and triggered over a hat is absolutely failed moral character, and a sign of deep immaturity.
That's probably the price a [NAME] pays to rent the Trump Hotel D.C. Ballroom for a cocktail party. Whoop de fucking doo.
Removed. Guilting the OP and pushing this course of action is not acceptable here. Be sensitive to the OP's current frame of mind and wishes.
[NAME] is a terrible writer, a raging narcissist, and not an actual friend to anyone.
Oh so that’s what you are into huh?
I was rather curious to see the True North Church receiving $1m from the lotteries commission.
Obviously not! But that would be kinda interesting showing up on the cash total at the end of the night for the register!
Completely miss-wired! I never thought a kid can grow up miss-wired.
Another day, another destiny!
[NAME] is great
I still like beer.
Love this guy. I think he will end up being super good this year.
I think everyone should watch the first season. It's hilarious, but also a pretty brutal indictment about what a show politics is.
Are those both not true statements? Everyone loves attractive people, even employers.
Think you're pretty funny, don't you, freak?
Yes! Though I also do sofrus. Learning to write mezuzos and another megillah at the moment.
The reason we’re stuck in the shutdown is the democrats. Plain and simple.
I might even be on the verge of depression.
Myself and Mr. [NAME] agree small breasted women make the best lovers.
@mizzymaxx @Bsmarz22 @ssmik2309 haha Bro she's sadly married man 😩😩
No cap, [NAME] wins champs this year, you'll see
> Did [NAME] join another mvp Yes
Thanks for not responding to my comment like this, it just shows even more that you are a troll.
I would pay money for [NAME] to not be my nurse. She will probably "accudentally" squeeze my nuts. Crazy bitch.
Nothing has come close to it well except for GOT.
Now I'm wondering on what I've been missing out. Again thank you for this.
I love that this Subreddit has so many good food suggestions! I'm kinda new to the area and still getting my bearings.
Hating people for what they've done VS Hating people for their race. Even you have to be able to see the difference.
I'm confused on the hov +2 part, does that mean that's price if you split the bill?
These refs are remarkably terrible tonight. So are the sabres but wow some terrible calls.
Don’t even think about a second wave before the first is over! Damn virus—I’ve stayed up two nights, and both kids still have a fever.
Because only the hardiest folk stick around in a country where the air can kill you for 6 months of the year
@ykrahs666 @HaiderAlAbadi @HassanRouhani %95 of Iraqi political was fighting with Iran against Iraq in 80s %99 of terror in Iraq is Iranian
I think you misunderstood me. I wanted to say that it was beyond stupid 😊
I'm sure the squats, situps, back extensions, and other weights strained my back a bit, but I felt fine.
There is a reason 15 people liked my comment dear, those fifteen people all think you are pretty. I hope you see this... 👓
I met my partner online. It was romantic interest right away. No friendship period for us.
Are you serious?
She's probably had to delete it all now the police are involved, they will be using it as evidence
Lmao I'm sorry!
>Live PD, in America This is Russia bro. I’m not too familiar with their laws but not every country has he same laws
No, that's not possible. If you have proof then it's not misinformation what your spreading but simply information.
I’ve been stranded on the street for two days — no one cares. Staff on the bridge ignore you. Called countless times — busy, auto-reply, off, or passed around. Community reported twice, still pending. At this rate, I might die waiting, even though it’s a low-risk zone.
I wish I could be half as cool as that guy
Please don't use it as toothpaste. It will destroy your teeth.
The one with the hot honey is also fantastic. Touch of heat and just a hint of sweet. Good food.
[NAME] is 19 karma away from beating cancer. Please upvote to save this young man's life!!
Weird but interesting nonetheless.
Financial security and the happiness of close family.
Hahaha was this the guy, OP?
It's both we only have like 5 good players and two of them are just a rookie and a sophomore
I hate it when the suits call our oncology program a "service line"
Why are you okay with racism and why are slurs the red line?
Oh wow Thats definitely something
Pb, filth!
It's kinda odd that people are downvoting you without providing well-sourced counter-arguments to the points you're making.
Guangzhou owes you nothing, and no innocent volunteer needs to repay anything. Don’t think the law won’t punish the crowd—now all of you can go to jail.
He was recently defending the new Brazilian president who is uh, not left at all lol
^^^^^\n//Don't worry if your character is already taken. The RP I'm looking for is a non couple forming RP. Just a fun loving haunting.//\n^^^
Shows that in foreign courts you still need foreign experts. Sun Yang went with some second-rate folks and his mom to bicker in court—no wonder he lost. Should’ve left it to professionals.
Ok. He is likely done in the NHL after this season I guess.
Dirty secret. They retired the decks until they got a doozy.
Oh, grilled nuggets. Haven't really seen those at fast food places so I thought they were just the regular nuggets
I'm still rocking my Pebble 2SE.
What really got [NAME] bigger that much?
Yes I am. Not sure other than to give me your best answer. Yes, walking in your moccasins is my goal. Thank you.
Those are liberal comments, you fucking idiot. Liberals are capitalists.
They're a double edge sword. Not too heavy on the beauty, but they always immensely helped me to immerse.
I never said it wasn't a fighting game though in my comment you replied to I specifically say it is a fighting game.
Or a lovegod That supports you
This actor has played many minor roles and always delivers — every character feels real. But success takes not only skill, but scripts that draw attention — it’s truly hard.
Nah mate hands across the M8 n that eh #gorgieloyal #bigcousins #watp /s #gorgieloyal #bigcousins #watp
I think they are tied together. It is very difficult to maintain desire if you cannot accept things about that person.
@lyssababe615 \nIf this room was burning 🔥
“Don’t burn out; keep yourselves fueled and aflame. Be alert servants of the Master, cheerfully expectant.' Romans 12:11-12
Childhood is happiness. After that the rest of your life is spent chasing that feeling, a feeling that you’ll never experience again
Damn it, I only have 6 comments on this sub, I don’t qualify😞
Would the OP care to explain what the thought was behind posting this here? A warning for justification for potential upcoming gun-control responses?
That is in no way sexual harrassment...
Dear [NAME], It’s time for the next flood. Thanks.
It took 8 years of healing before I could open my journals. Pace yourself, you'll heal, friend.
I don’t know but I think they at least have foil inside, I remember seeing you could hack one into an antenna.
Teach her the importance of standing up for herself and being a strong person
I love how literally everybodyyyyy wants to kill [NAME]. But I really admire your extra “F you”. It gives it a bit more meaning 😂😂😂
*Still waits for Yang. Guess she really needs her sleep or something. Kittens feeling kinda dejected right now.* #Offline #offline
Maybe he *did* leave the building. If you can't find him, he could've left without you knowing. Is that better or worse?
take up english sometime, you might enjoy it.
I'm just curious, all those people who blamed you for his infidelity, what are they saying now?
[NAME] 31m contract is horrendous, I hated it when he signed it and I hate it now.
I feel the opposite. It was gripping and I loved the pace of it all. Very well made. To each their own I guess.
@Devilligan It's a beautifully sincere balancing act of grief and hilarity.
*Looks at Amoeba music shirt* Cool i have every album ever made!
That sucks :( are you guys still in good terms though?
Jazz fan here. I completely feel. [NAME] cousins has more votes than [NAME], and [NAME] hasn't even stepped on the court this year
Why does he take offense to something that you did to YOUR body? It's YOUR body. I think it's blatant disrespect from his part.
That is an exceedingly rare failure. I read an article about this guy. He was just stupid and stopped there.
This truly is the best a man can get.
Lol not gonna happen. He is just in love with [NAME]. He fell in love with her when she gave him the hand of the Queen.
@Aamnaa___ @drkarthik_n your per capita income is almost same like us. Gini Coefficient is very dismal. Ambitions are high but output Zero.
@dburka I'm not sure what's worse: that, or the use of Comic Sans on a website (or anywhere else)  #comicsans #comicsans
The truth is, there is no spoon.
It’s pretty old. [NAME] did it.
and my papers lay blank at the end of my hand, laughing at me and leaving me torn.
You'll be okay. Just remember that none of that was real, and that nobody knows. Been there so many times. Hang in there.
Because I was with someone who accepts cheating as an acceptable form of behavior.
Wow, I don't know how [NAME] handled that
Probably because they are trying to talk about the issues that "corporate dems" tend to ignore.
I'm so happy for you and so, so, so proud of you. It's HARD to talk to your doctor about this stuff.
My blood turned to icewater in my veins.
If you wanna know how rappers rape ask [NAME]
Very cute!
Thank you !
@CSNHayes understandable. Hard when he has zero offense behind him, and only a few wins since the All-Star Break.
Seriously? I couldn't even remember the dude's name until about halfway through the season honestly.
Yeah, he does. Just because he draws different conclusions than you doesn't mean he isn't reading [NAME]. Get out of your little bubble.
omg i have no idea why but i heard this in [NAME]' voice and it was better than a bible.
and then my cheeks get even redder.
Go get ‘em!
Should I skip 1 and go straight to 2?
Hey and there are people who drink their urine too. Maybe try that next.
Right?!!! But I have learned to love the bitter taste of alp 🤢😭
Idk why but this Time around its so hard that it hurts, I already miss them all so much #silly #family #friends  #silly #family #friends
The only objectives elements I read is : industrial farming/industrially farmed. The rest is only self-godism.
[NAME]. Yeah, right. Lol
There are some amazingly cringey compilations of terrible dialogue from this show on yt
Hots always seemed like the MOBA made by people who didn't play MOBAS.
[NAME] and [NAME] made their own beds with their own actions. But I agree with this too .
The woman types like she isn’t a native speaker of English. Which worries me immensely.
Oh, he isn't dead, [NAME]
I always tried to go first if possible tbh. You're not gonna get away, might as get it over with quickly.
Flat out getting our ass kicked. Gotta give it to Memphis, they have just shut us down
I was homeless for almost 2 years, so it's something I feel very connected to. Not a circle jerk for me.
You gotta try harder than that. That wouldnt even take a bronze in mental gymnastics
It won't be anything with "Last" in it, because TLJ. But it miiiiight be something with "Final" in it.
[NAME] has really given his all in the second half. He must be exhausted
You're gross
My bad on the phrasing, it’s more of a hole with a vent cover
I mean, if it's no questions asked how would they know you're not a resident?
i mean i guess most of the mean ones are treated as like playful but i want to support yoosung without dating him ;___;
He had to say, "But alas" which makes this soo funny.
You might be projecting. The team has a great record playing in front of him.
You're in for a treat- enjoy :)
When people bring up rape culture they mean stuff like this. Because yeah it’s been out and swept away and not raged over
She muctb not really be that into you
lool chill fam, u aint gotta do him that bad
Proud of my Senator today
I don’t know what I’m to say I’ll say it anyway
Bitch real man just panicking purchases a m82 barret..Now excuse me while i hide from my wife for the next month.
I pray to [NAME] that we will be aware of people's sins in the afterlife when we watch them burn.
Ahem. There are those who think that life Has nothing left to chance A host of holy horrors To direct our aimless dance
I want the real thing because animals are nice and labs are not. I love animals. I want more of them
Why do I have such bad anxiety it's annoying
You control this but ignore those live streams with half-naked hosts flirting nonstop — guess it’s because they didn’t pay tribute, huh?
Oh wow this is good to know, it was always my go-to spicy ketchup when I make frozen fries at home.
*I curse you to an eternity of walking barefoot on a world of Lego!*
1 is spot on. Anxiety completely disappears. I like when that happens. One less issue
I don’t really mind pickles, it’s just that they’re warm and soggy and there’s 1000 of them.
Wow did we marry the same guy. My STBX left the state for 3 months with no contact with his child.
Ooohhh shit, they did *not* just say men should be decent human beings, they've finally taken it too far! Gather the troops! /s
The new stylish stadiums will look outdated in 15+ years. Standard stadiums will still look the same
And the weathers so breezy, man why can't life always be this easy?
That's no hero to me.
I love all weightloss shows but that one doesn’t interest me at all
I see BOTW and now I'm waiting for a group of grown men to watch shitty old movies.
No, that would be traveling to Florida and challenging [NAME]. Georgia is definitely still rather red ... Florida isn't (as red yet).
There's a reason that the 'Best Girl' achievement exists.
what a psycho
Thankyou! :)
That windshield crack from his skull!
Imagine wanting a crock-pot that cooks enough for one person. What's the point?
I let my birthday come and go as quietly as possible. I'll do dinner with the family, but that's about it.
If you really care like you state @flyfrontier @FrontierCare then I would seriously address sensitivity training to your employees
Ah, thank you
I take her home.
To each according to their needs... Except entitled parents, who need everything.
Still concluding I’m disingenuous despite getting your facts wrong. Big ego you’ve got.
so wont back up your words? thats how i thought this would go.justifies *everything* I HAVE SAID.
Right. I am more focused on the length of the relationship vs their age.
Thanks for the reply. You're right though. If you make a scene about it, you might as well be tattling. Go Browns
Speak for yourself. Our defense crumbled under incompetency despite the talent they had to work with.
I think you’re absolutely gorgeous
Fantastic pub, went there last year as part of the liquid history pub tours.
Indeed. And good on those that do so. I wish those I've heard complain about what they don't know would be so proactive.
I'm not sure if burning and looting really can positively impact a community
Spiritual success is also massively dependent on other people. Good luck finding spiritual success outside of a community of other people.
I have no idea if this is sarcasm...
@AmyMek this is so absurd I could laugh right now (if I also didn't feel like crying for the future of our country).  #wakeupcall #wakeupcall
Stop working, it works with the GM corporation, why not the US corporation.
Ordinary young people are burdened for life by a single house — it’s suffocating. Reminds me of the old Qing Dynasty tale of thirty taels of silver...
The problem is your husband. If he prioritized you, he would have figured something out. I’m so sorry.
Um excuse me the static reflectives are the best v2s period.
Unfortunately they do at times, but it's not the case in this video.
Stay at home and be self-aware, stop going out. Does everyone have to accompany you to strictly follow epidemic prevention? Three years aren’t enough? You want five? Are you just bored and talking nonsense?
What a unit
For some reason this post is making me crave an apartment.
I regret this post so hard so much debate and anger lol
Well, she was completely and utterly heartbroken. By my stupidity. So there's that.
She's as tall here, in giant heels, as [NAME] is without shoes so I'm betting on not tall.
i didn't mind because the track was awesome and i wasn't too tired, i just had a huge blister on my thumb.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 1937 - 2016 = Polls not very accurate 2016 - 2019 = Oh yeah, polls have evolved, they're like super accurate now
Ugh yes. And don’t even get me started about those conveniently placed guitars to calm a victims nerves beforehand
Maybe concerned about you being underweight? She is probably concerned you don’t eat enough and is trying to help you
37 here, happily single. And the majority of my friends who got married at 23/24 are getting divorced now.
I just don’t like him 😂
Yeah nuance is in desperate need. The world is complex. Simple answers using simple binary thinking may not give us meaningful political discourse.
Sometimes LOOOOOVE comes around And it knocks you down Just get back up when it knocks you down, knocks you down
After we had finished eating, some of us continued shopping ( or wandering around the shops ) and a number of times, I was told to crouch down with my knees spread or bend over and had the jumper lifted.
Are you [NAME]?
This’s didn’t hold up too well.
The barriers in large only exist with respect to Canadian oil. Other producers (with the exclusion of Venezuela ) seem to be enjoying a very profitable time.
Realistically speaking, if they were on a VGBC channel, [NAME] would give them a nickname whenever they were on stream, and that would eventually catch on.
That was such a good cast. Loved that year.
Wang Sulong’s look clearly said, “You played an eight? Watch how I play.”
Thank you for phrasing it in a way where I picture [NAME] leaning over a school bus seat to tell me that.
Patient zer-oh no she betta dont
What “exposure”? It’s 2022! Tank tops were everywhere decades ago — now short sleeves count? Go back to Qing dynasty!
i do love how absolutely distraught the girls look
Congrats and best wishes. Build on progress.
"[NAME]..? Oh my GOD [NAME] is this Gears of War?!
A site was the good site on old cobble, so they changed it and left the awkward B site alone. Thanks volvo
Chiropractic is just a scam anyway, lots of studies shown it has no effect, sorry that happened to you btw.
Well I mean he got erased from existence twice and is still here so I'm guessing it has to be something more than that.
[NAME] got really better after his confrontation with [NAME].
Saw my first Larsen trap today with stressed magpie. I NEVER EVER want to see that again  #angry #distressed #wildlife #angry #distressed #wildlife
Seems like it was supposed to be funny.
I see two possibilities in the middle: Playing advocate, or playing devil.
Also 24 years old. I'm that old and it's odd.
[NAME] is cuter 😆😍
> They are all one entity with the same goals. Agreed, sadly.
GUY was such a video I'm shaking @ladygaga
I prefer having the TV in the background more than music. Music is something I enjoy in the car or walking in the city.
He is [NAME]. That's the twist this soap opera needs!
Done it since I was a kid I was very edgy
They can all argue as much as they want, life simply doesn't work that way. lol
The bourgeoisie elected courts were going to backtrack on all [NAME] economic reforms. Fuck those guys.
at least you aren't broke like me :/
Im not 😀 Glad you realize your mistake and why I was confused 😉
Why is it so windy? So glad I didn't ride my bike.  #wind #wind
Most of them seem to be joking about the walls.
HEY! NO OC IN r/ComedyCemetery
Manlets unite!
When [NAME] pisses off his daughter and wife. Daughter: “You’re not my Daddy anymore” [NAME]: “You’re not my Daddy anymore either”
This is my fiancé and I hate it
A small sample size can also be skewed the opposite direction, who’s to say the rape rate wouldn’t be much higher
It started out like a small ache but as the day progressed it turned into this sharp jabbing pain in my ear.
Good morning joyful people. Choose happiness to have a great day today #morning #joyful #happiness #grandmercurejktkemayoran #morning #joyful #happiness #grandmercurejktkemayoran
r/Politics is the lefts the_D, no point in saying anything there unless you’re participating in the endless circle jerk
“40 lbs of fat” yeah 40 lbs of fat and a shit load of plastic surgery maybe
At no point in that ridiculous tantrum did he express a single iota of concern for what his gf wanted. He sounds like a real winner
These look fantastic. Please go and work for the Suns, they need you more than they know.
Caballero's passing remains absolutely dreadful I see!
Also I've heard she owns a bag.
They're cowards.
Congrats! How long was the journey? Did you stick with [NAME] the entire time?
I thought for a moment the one mongoose was dead after watching the other one drag it.
That's odd. Where I live it all the disapproval has been silent. The loud people are older cougar ladies that are into that kind of thing.
What are the issues you have been having?
Very possible but there's absolutely zero indication were working on a deal to trade [NAME] currently. We're not just going to trade him away for peanuts.
Knowing I have my hair to wash and dry is like knowing you had that English close reading in your school bag to do #dread #dread
Here is another extremely informative video about the Wii Shop Channel.
@Babylonian I convinced my mom to watch it. Killgrave gave her literal nightmares, but watched last episode four times. #smile #smile
This is so aesthetically pleasing. Wow. And yum!
Searching is fun, and finding and learning all the spawns is satisfying.
It looks like how [NAME] is introducing the comedians in "Whose line is it anyway ?"
Thank you for responding with truth to a top comment that is intentionally very misleading
I hate when people say 'I need to talk to you or we need to talk.' My anxiety immediately goes up...
i did, but it was at 3 am before i went to bed, so i’m gonna cheat and count it as 2018 LOL.
today i feel like an exposed wire dangerously close to another exposed wire and any provocation will fry me
It looks like it's from the Molecule Effect on Santa Fe. Great quirky spot!
The way I was positioned with the air moving made it hard to not breath through my mouth.
Yeah, hah.
kill me. lifes meaningless bc of this
Zionism is the ISIS of [RELIGION]. Brainwashed idiots like ISIS.
Must be a terrible swim team. The only thing that your neck beard does is accentuates your double chin.
Ah lol just run then
It's like calling a snake a "danger noodle" or a hedgehog an "ouchy mouse". It's just like a silly thing
I appreciate it, that's good to know. I hope I'll have to apply that knowledge one day
What if your only job was recovery?
Below my feet the tinny depths of aqua-blue whispered hints of bottomlessness: come back come back I felt almost drunk staggering back across the ungiving concrete to rejoin my children on the other, shallower side of the swimming pool.
Teen should report him for abuse.
The cognitive dissonance is strong with you.
He picked her up and put her in front of a mirror and said : "Look, look at you!
I am on month 9 post discard. The anxiety has lifted tremendously, and the depression is still looming but not as bad.
Now I'm a mostly law abiding student and moderately successful artist.
My horror unfurls as it whispers my name $ It eyeballs me and holds my gaze; dread rips through my heart as it screams out.
That feels nice.
Lucrative. I like it.
are you fcking serious sis
"okay honey, either this is gonna fix my back problems or we're calling 911"
I love the claps after he fell 🤣
This is scary and so very sad. Eleven??? A baby! I was still building forts. I weep for this child.
I know eating and drinking soy products increases estrogen. Although I’ve heard having/consuming too much estrogen can lead to health problems.
I think Limmy's Show is really hit and miss. Some sketches are funny, others are just poor.
Appreciate you!
Doubt that. Skins for [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] don't change the shape of their wings, so why should they for [NAME]?
Whoever wrote this article has no concept of what’s going on what so ever. There assessments are miles off the mark.
No? Lol
That was something I was told as well. It makes sense. Thanks for verifying that as an option.
I am not a car person, and could care less if a car is clean, but every surface on this car seemed to sparkle with cleanliness.
Wow, I might actually watch this weirdo movie this time.
It also would have to take less than like 2 hours for me to get to my destination, time is worth more to me than real money ya know
What's your source for that? Just curious (and yes I know it sounds like a tired contrarian statement).
How has the season not even started, and Plastique already is my fav
[NAME], just admit your were mad.
That's bomb! I'm so happy for you! Good luck
Transparency and openness ' is a dull sell for a fans group - want more verbs like buying, defending, building and securing.
Good to know thank you! Is per diem at hospital?
Thank you. It feels better knowing that this is not an unheard of thing.
first time all season im kind of not thrilled with [NAME] post game talk. I wish he would have addressed the PP.
the force awakes wasn't a clear insult, it was just mediocre.
That’s pretty damn good
[NAME] voice was great!! Especially in Night Prowler
@jwolfie_ why you gotta use the dark skin emoji #offended #offended
Even the royals aren't immune to it.
[NAME] is a big boy. and he still has time to grow.
@NeoFundie @fitchest Ha. Right. I'm from San Jose, CA, and I was offended right there with you. Dave, go on a walk or something next time.
When is this from? If it’s after [NAME] clothing line and yeezys took off then that was a p dumb question the reporter asked.
Reminds me of this short.
If she is hot and has nice shoes..."I like your shoes."
Lollll the mental gymnastics required not to be embarrassed by admitting you have to buy someone elses hair.... To put on your heads lol like what hhaaha
I just went through and read every single one. This is amazing
I need some to help with my anger
A great way to start the new year. Happy New year everyone.
In our society it is more shameful to pay for sex, do drugs and to gamble than to praise the death of innocent innocent victims.
Ooo, I wouldn't go that far.
Thanks, I love it
Shame the 'all in' doesn't apply to managers. He has hired some duff managers over the years.
@skh4808 @theveteran425FA @TomiLahren Then why'd they wait until now to start getting pissy?
Nice! Boahs for everyone!
This sub is a fucking joke now
Today you visited me in my dreams and even though you aren't physically gone I still mourn you
OMG the ones they sometimes sell that are just one giant piece. LOVE
I wish there was a #glee version of @ShawnMendes Stitches. @GLEEonFOX #gleekforever #glee #gleekforever
I feel personally attacked.
[NAME] face was great the way it was 😔 Hard to watch those first episodes of KUwtK seeing how naturally pretty she was.
Yeah, not the worst thing I've heard from him
Alright Nice thanks
We lost
Is there any way you and your partner could borrow more money for college and live on/near campus?
No negotiations with terrorists.
The horizon is very beautiful in this game. You should look at it often.
exactly. you're a child. you make personal attacks when you lose an argument. I feel sorry for you.
FTFY* Fixed that for you
Sorry about that!
aries actually haha
Oh hello there, food
Seems like you care way too much
Actually really like this one Edit: nice shoes too, v annoyed at resell prices 😔
This is really great!!
That escalated quickly
Wow. This is messed up.
Is he your source?
Well someone took Freaky Friday to #10... #10
There's a specific joyous 20 song title engiybhekayo, yasezayoni. Need it for le mood
This isn’t a service issue; it’s about enforcing pandemic measures and ensuring public safety. If that’s true, not taking action is already negligent, and shirking responsibility is even worse.
Same love our late 80s and early 90s Unis. When ever I used to play [NAME] I always played with throw back Unis due to helmet
A little disturbing that this person knows the names of Auschwitz doctors off by heart.
Where is that damn SaLt LiCK
That was difficult, but not impossible, to masturbate to.
>physical emotional bond The only thing that comes to mind as I try to understand what that is is hormones and such.
As a kid, I was way more excited to see the [NAME] truck.
Stoop Kid’s afraid to leave his stoop!
YOU KNOW HOW MUCH I SACRIFICED?
So your dad abused you because of your mum and you still keep in contact with him
Source? 😂
I'll look into it! I don't mind language but misogyny can be pretty intolerable
@Apple thanks for ios10 update, even the best app @telegram freezing and crashing on SE.
@EtherealMystic_ - felt like he couldn't control — and here she was, giving so much of herself, selflessly pleasing him. His groans were -
That's crazy, my brother's cat did the same thing with me last year when I got the flu. She's usually pretty distant
Ohhhhh, you're good.
And pizza. Don't forget pizza. The roof of my mouth feels like a battlefield after I have eaten a hot pizza.
@thixotropic No. Was so sudden. Hasn't sunk in yet. With Leo I knew it was coming.
i’ve heard great things from the people who actually saw it. Thriller is my favorite genre so it seems right up my alley
Well then I’d say you have a pretty good chance if it’s any girl lol
LOL this lasted long.
Gahh...BT, in queue for 30 minutes.. Now put through to BT Sport dept to cancel... back in a queue again...
oh i wish i didn't read that, [NAME]
Wow so you've been around your entire country and spoken to every single person about traffic accidents? So cool.
For the record I don’t necessarily want him either. I just think he’s a compelling person.
i once dipped a raw hot dog in chocolate pudding when i was dared too. it was dreadful.
No helmet + no shoes + no skill + no sense = exactly what happened
Don’t forget Kylie 1.0 was in it !!
Hard same girl, hard same.
I enjoy that general area. Sections 203-205 are good sections pricewide and view wise
Never dull moment here
Let's hit it.
“Your” people are mentally ill and need help. Go get it ASAP!
And I’ll be there!!!
He pulls out a switchblade and cuts the side of my mouth.
This should really be a libertarian/socialists for gun rights meme. I genuinely think there is a lot they have in common.
Within a minute my arm had swollen up, it was sore and bruised.
Finding a Poliwag is not hard you can usually find them in Pallet Town.
Can’t stand that dwarfism [NAME] she is so cringe
Got a #serious #hyper #predator #heckler situation over here #serious #hyper #predator #heckler
Happy New Year! Let's smash 2019!
acting confident is more suitable title lol
Whhhattttt. That’s crazy!!!
What are those baby blue thingies?
I’m ok with this. If you were sb and bad LAG was BB, I’d also be ok with a stop-and-go.
Exactly. It’s all about control
The best part of adult snow days is no make-up!
> welcome to reality Oh thank [NAME]!
I love how you are a individual just trying to be yourself. I always say sexuality is the least interesting things about yourself.
the waitress recognised me from last time i was in there moping, after my interview haha
Beside the scene , the quality of the video was magnificent
Whew! I’m glad [NAME] was caught. I hope you’ll never have to deal with her again.
love that the block against AZ is in this. what a year for Kittle.
Second, you accuse everyone who didn't ignore you of being a Russian propaganda poster
> they were also throwing like paper balls at each other on the carriage it was.. just.. wow. #😱
I fell asleep with the feeds on last night and woke up pretty frightened at the noises coming from my computer. Thank you for casting Tom BB hahahaha
Can [NAME] just shut up and appreciate her dog?
I'm thinking like an old guy who doesnt want to deal with the responsibility of head coaching anymore
In Japan, Jiang Ge used her life to save a wicked person, only to receive endless insults in return. Her mother was left in unbearable pain. In Japan’s profit-driven capitalist society, such things are all too common.
Leafs would have won this game if it wasn’t for that bullshit overturn.
She got the death penalty...? fck me.
-30??? Omg that's awful. Stay warm and sane
thats messed up...thats why i dont like reddit as much
This is why I love Reddit.
Good luck. :)
Thank you for this very informative answer. I don't play the game but you really explained well why they put this system in place.
I could not agree more. Actually, last week I played in my first smash bros tournament! (I lost, obviously)
What's the cringe?
I'm 14 stone...so probably about 2 stone over weight. I don't drink alcohol or do drugs, but I love food....
It's a superfund site with a couple of inches of topsoil on it. Have fun with your cancer dummies.
Columbus really gets away with quite a lot of interference.
that’s a brilliant photo, your torny looks younger than my one! so cute
I didn’t like him before this, now I really don’t like him.
It defiantly shapes up the picture.
* yes * yes * yes * yes
I’m sorry :(. Lol. For me, after the ending of 3, and Andromeda, I have zero interest in ME.
The look on her face when she lies is like one I’d expect on a 6 year old who thinks he’s being cute.
Most parents do that to make their kids take vitamins and eat vegetables. Who cares?
Weird headline. 2 children per mother would be expected to shrink the population.
Had to watch "Elmo in Grouchland" one time too many when my kids were little...musical Elmo / Oscar overdose...
Thank you. This is well-written and it’s really helpful.
Having fuck tons of fun right now
Love reading these kind of posts! So happy for you.
Open borders, free healthcare, free college, no taxes or guns. Did I miss any of the dream? Oh yes, regulated speech too.
Does anyone know where it came from? I like it lol Shaq was big cactus
When you insult someone you might want to start by insulting them to where they can understand what you're trying to say...who givES A fuck .
Hiya everyone if you want please #retweet my pin #rt #help #romance #wattpad    #hurt #tweet #twitter #thanks #retweet #rt #help #romance #wattpad #hurt #tweet #twitter #thanks
you'd have a point if the only use of a car was to kill people.
And yet you're still not making me regret being a TV hodad when that was on and so missing it.
The parallel to the mistake you're making is so apparent I no longer believe you're discussing this in good faith.
It's almost a shame we won't get a second leave/remain referendum because it would be fascinating to see the result.
fucking seriously.
#GetSmartWithARQ is a smart way to start investing and #whiteicenetwork is smart source 2 #start #skilled #manpower #recruitment for ur firm #getsmartwitharq #whiteicenetwork #start #skilled #manpower #recruitment
@rtrn94 Mine is that the party did decide but the party has been slowly transformed into a vengeful hell-cult of white male resentment
Completely dwarfs the £14 billion we send to the EU a year.
So sorry you are hurting.
i passed thanks everyone
Never heard of this before, but I think it's awesome. Thanks for sharing! Can I buy this track on Bandcamp?
@BitchestheCat Look at those teef! #growl #growl
He posted about white racists on a post that has nothing to do about racism. Pretty sure he is just racist.
In many states the law prosecutes the server just as harsh as the lawbreakers when it comes to alcohol. Dram shop law
Thanks [NAME]. We hardly knew ye
Yea I'm poor :(
Omg someone asked them to sit and they reluctantly moved with a huff. Biiitttccchhhhhh 🔪
Find some good rats bro, and just run thru them man. I mean just plow thru them and get your sex game up.
Let's get drunk and tell each other things we're afraid to say when we're sober.
I spy a good boy eye!
For a long time, I carefully followed in his footsteps — as if I could have more of him that way.
I'm so glad [NAME] finally got her visa, she's going to do awesome living in the USA!!!!
This reminds me of the Percy Jackson series :P they do the same thing at one point when they visit a dam :P
I am now weirdly aroused
Ugh I love Stapleton. [NAME] has always really been loyal to the authentic sound though IMO, he definitely stands out.
What are those things it's vomited out?!
I heard a version of this where the president was also a woman!
Let’s be real! I know meds like montmorillonite powder, norfloxacin, gentamicin—my stomach’s weak, so I stock them. When I heard montmorillonite treats COVID, I laughed. People may be ignorant, but pharma and “experts” mustn’t be immoral!
Welp....I think your question came across as judgmental. Why did you ask it?
I joined DbD right after [NAME] release, but man I wish I had the splinters
wow so almost every sub has grown a lot in 7 months. Also 8.3k!! what!? that's insane
It's a troll. Look at the history.
Notice how there are no chapotraphouse trolls here because they know you're right and can't put up any argument against you.
All is well! Think I got one sorted out with one of her family members. Thanks for your help!
Holy fuck, report this now. The fuck you doing on reddit?
Honestly thought they were the same thing, thanks for the correction and the expansion of my terrible vocabulary.
oh the new Zealand thing thank you
It’s standing and kind of looks like it should - if it’s still like that tomorrow I’m calling it done!
Aw it’s the same user who was scared of breast feeding lmao
Ya did good, bud.
Because [NAME] did not create us as apes and yes Science can never disprove [RELIGION].
Unfortunately not.
You still didn’t answer the question. Sorry it’s bugging me :)
One of my favourite [NAME] moments
Confound your toll Troll!
That's why he's gotta go!! Yes, girls!
TLDR; we get many drizzle days and our summers are amazing.
This. I saw a life pro tip a couple weeks ago about this. I cant believe how clean my kitchen has gotten.
nvm it took me a whole 10 seconds to realize LA schools probs don't have built-in snow days
Ah I didn’t think of that second definition of end. I like it!
Calm down, dickwad
It was his time, even though I'm not complaining about how [NAME] should be avoided. thank you very much!
some of the casuals tweets that Vic has faved are making me gag
would make a great drop for a drum n bass track
.@SimonNRicketts if you don't know what a patronus is, I don't think we should have to tell you #shocking #shocking
>trying to start a career as a male model/bodybuildel/social-media influencer. Oh boy this made me fall out
Doesn't suck nearly as bad as Metropolitan Grill. I'm surprised that place is still open.
This comment killed me. RIP in pieces.
That’s beautiful
This feels more like r/fellowkids to me. This is nothing compared to some of the more dystopian stuff the government has pushed out to be fair.
There is a surprisingly large number of [NAME] who play.
Men, you're ought to love the first hour in hospital of a new father. They're a merge of emotions that flow over the ER.
to be fair it wouldnt be bad living there since its normal to have giant shoes so its a win basically^^
Good luck with it all. I hope she recovers. Keep me updated if you remember haha
And even though it’s only half carbonated at this point it still gives her those weird wet talking burps.
" "look... out your window.
I like [NAME]’ “I’m tired of losing, I’m not a loser”
Get two, I'm not sharing with [NAME]
That dad must love monster high as well.
I hear she eats babies on Sundays. (The rest of the week she goes easy and just punches puppies)
Why was it changed to that? An overreaction. Why is it still like that? Laziness or incompetence, take your pick. Edit: clarity
I remember crying and trying to explain to my panicked family, who have never let me live it down.
Conservative is massively brigaded on an hourly basis. Unfortunately, it requires strict moderation or else it is unreadable.
I'm so sorry but just do everything you can for you and daughter and of course mom.
It would hilarious, but also kind of sad.
I'm pretty sure I know who you're talking about in this post.
I cant stop seeing SS VS BM
Seems like cutting out the middleman. They already know they are fat so no need to go to the doctor
Thanks...One year in making, I hope it gets the love it deserve.
I think I’ve been poisoned by my constituents!
I'd love to hear a man explain why men do this
You're in the wrong subs
Yeah I messed up, gonna repost this with better quality in the near future
I miss wally he was so likeable
“The winter deep, snow cold, wine warming by the fire — your smile brings spring again.”
My house. Excluding that since it was bank money, we plan to pay cash for a kitchen renovation this year that will be about 7k
This is so cool! I love the hat.
Great for domestic workers.
very long very messy i usually have it in a bun to keep it under control lol
[NAME] is timeless, so I think both can be true at once. We have been saved, are being saved, and will be saved.
I can't even imagine the stupid tattoo I'd have if I got one at 15. Probably like a Red Bull logo or something
83% want it! Have a great weekend In solidarity, 4now
You sure showed him buddy.
So unsatisfying that it didn’t end with a pit maneuver.
No no. totally justified
That’s an early contender for title of the year 2019. Bravo.
[NAME] reinforces the pessimistic world view, I've been there and at least it was cancerous for me.
I asked her before I told her. She took it on herself. I say NO all the time when I don't want to hear sadness and pain
This is how my SO gaslights me. I hope it goes well when he comes home and good luck with the baby!
The fact you have to explain this at the third grade level is pathetic. People think somone preventing his own murder is a tragedy.
Support this cause please. It saves lives
Thank you for your support!
Damn. Also awesome for the victims and others who spoke out about the abuse.
Some Erykah Badu to sedate me 💕
Recognizing that [NAME] had a weakness for her and exploiting it, is part of politics.
Is that even legal? Isn’t that signing under false pretences?
This sub is a fever dream
Ha! You're right! I don't know why I assume you were male. Sorry. :)
Criterion is such a great company though. I’m really hoping they get their new steaming service up and running soon.
It's very convenient!
Haaaahaaaahaaaa! Been there. I had a little kid do the [NAME] handshake on me. I just looked confused.
Talk about nerve-racking.
Unpopular opinion: I'd rather the team signed 26-year-old [NAME] over 30-year-old [NAME] coming off another leg injury.
The beautiful moment when Fridays and Sundays are your set days off and you have the PTO to cover Saturday 👍🏻
I can barely remember when it was even possible to find shit that horrible
lmao... okay buddy
In Canada, we got rid of the penny a while ago.... I've heard few complaints.
oh ok actually chop on hand also can lah... * gives weird expression while stamping chop on my hand * adeline: eh!
I don't even know who he is but I think he approved me to submit in his subreddit.
Dude, I've gotta listen to Loveless again
Too bad we couldn't elect a good leader in 2016...instead we got a bum. Oh well, [NAME] is finished. [NAME] 2020
[NAME] I wish that was me
Val downing a bottle of vodka there to stop her from shaking! #GBBO #gbbo
I am already so stoked for her eventual WATN episode, because she's going to keep kicking ass.
Those eyebrows are faker than my future
We had a train break down in saskatoon people were waiting for an hour. The cops were walking up and down the cars giving people cell phone tickets.
I wish I could upvote this a thousand times
I’m here, I’m here! Thank you all!
"I want to be me" Then go ahead cure yourself, [NAME]. Don't make this decision for others
Opposing ethnonationalism and private property is hardly a weird hill for an anarchism to defend
How dumb haha
Beautiful song and great moment in the story
Lol Adam the Bull with his fake outrage...
Mod to the rescue! Thanks haha
Deadly strike is also spammable with not costing brew and guaranteed damage. Personal preference bud, do the math
That awkward moment when you fully embrace misogyny but believe homophobia is wrong.
The inevitable result of an industrial society is that family-visiting activities, built upon an agricultural economy, will fade with the decline of that economy. But centuries later, as economic forms change, perhaps society will become fully family-oriented again, rather than today’s narrow “family visits” limited to small families and close relatives. As the saying goes, “All things are born from three; negation of negation.”
That is the stuff of nightmares...seriously.
tell him i love him
Lmfao I'm not here to Google easy shit for morons.
That's very incoherent
Glad you got her back! Fantastic way to start off the new year with good news!
Both are on the right though.
@reinervshunter you got this #staystrong #smile #yourebeautiful #staystrong #smile #yourebeautiful
Yeah people used it as precedence. That’s very sad. What’s your point? What abhorrent treatment?
Don’t worry, [NAME] already added it to his collection.
This can’t be the end of the back, garbage TV! I’ll miss you!
This is terrifying
[NAME] GIVES BARRIERS NOT SHIELDS. LUCIO BARRIERS GIVE ULTS. HAMMOND BARRIERS DONT GIVE
That's capitalism for you, don't worry though. There's another recession on the way.
Still awesome. I skateboard, ride bikes, and hang out with my friends. Edit: I'm 40
Because all our society has done for the past 60 years is talk about your problems.
I'm not to proud of them right now. I'm mad at them ☹☹ But big ups!!
This was so touching ❤️❤️❤️
I'm on mobile but clearly I need to get on desktop! edit: am on pc, is wonderful!
Myself preferring daytime, 2 to 2.5 hours would be more than reasonable as long as the effect to the SB is not work stressing.
We in our own country are so divided in our approach so how could we fight #terrorism and #pakistani terrorism #MartyrsNotBeggars #terrorism #pakistani #martyrsnotbeggars
The heroine stood beside me and reached for my hand.
I have scars, but they’re not deliberately self-inflicted. I am just a massive klutz.
i legit made a one note notebook on intimacy cause i was/am still struggling with giving affection reading signs
@lethargytyler ehhh I guess. I want to everyone I've ever burst out laughing in front of😂
I told them I’m not ETFSEC so they cancelled the call :(
[NAME] IS ABOUT TO BLOW THIS GAME UP! Edit: wow thanks for the silver
He looks like [NAME] soooo... accurate.
>So that was a **fucking** lie. FTFY.
u/-adamsmith perfect troll account name, but at least he united all of r/MLS. Thanks for teaming up, everyone.
Cockles, like the shellfish? Oysters clams and cockles!!!
Seriously? In Dutch right? Because... he's so awkward on his YouTubes in English.
How are you supposed to get any links in the first place if no site is trustworthy as you say?
Wont use using @mothercareuk @Mothercarehelp again!! These guys cant get nothing right!!
And then expanded on! It's so good. Haha I still remember hours and hours spent on Friends of Mineral Town though...
And then they clapped and gave you $100, I'm sure
Deep love can’t compare to lasting companionship. True affection needs no words 💚 The days ahead are long 💚 I’ll walk with you all the way.
He was just trying to sit down I think. Poor guy, doesn’t deserve all this shit from reddit.
But no sex until marriage is one of her rules
[NAME] people. Just vaccinate your overgrown sperm cells and people won't have to die.
The way that was worded I can't tell if your super calm or about to flip a chair
It's super annoying. There is a reason I no longer speak to this person.
Comic sans to seal the deal. Love it.
Many officials and citizens grew up indifferent and selfish, prioritizing personal gain over national interest. Vanity and blind admiration for foreign things show a severe lack of national pride — too many fawn over Japan and the U.S., buying their goods! National consciousness shapes collective will. The West thrives on plunder and deceit — we must awaken, support domestic products, and reclaim our dignity.
What’s the point in a yearly stadium video when almost all the pictures will be the same
Especially since he did well last season outside of Yankee stadium.
Damn! I hadn’t heard about the eBay stuff.
Fuck you, tincan. *reads username* Wait ignore the tin can part, fuck *specifically you* in general.
one ep of despair arc made me happy but and then i'm going back to future arc and i'm upset again.
Missed Opportunity for a cat burglar joke, still 7/10
That moment when you feel isolated in r/ForeverAlone. Never had anyone like me
I hate visiting relatives the most—they despise you for being poor, fear you for being rich, envy you if you have, and mock you if you don’t. Better to just relax and enjoy your own time.
Happy cake day!!!!!!!!!🍰🍰
or, you're just being a good mom. Don't take his comments personally.
Jiufu scammed 320,000 yuan of workers’ hard-earned money—please open a national investigation! Final push before year-end—act firmly if we want peace during the New Year. Don’t let the platform stall us!
[NAME] is too gullible for his own good.... watch out [NAME] definitely not a friend too
If I'm dipping my crust, it's in marinara sauce EDIT: I love hot sauce on pizza
Yes, it's great! What I really love watching them play school on the playground.
@SQLBek My liver is elated that isn't us
Elite Disrupter and Elite Stryfe. Also, thanks.
Yeah, maybe if they add [NAME] and [NAME]...
I would love if a double amputee walked in and have watched as they decline the poor fellar service
An interesting video, though the title's lack of an Oxford comma is bothering me.
There was an article about it in E news. I pray for everyone, no one is above that or below that.
They just want to give you hugs mate.
Dragon bender has even more negative value than [NAME] haha. But yeah, they’d need atlesst a 2nd for [NAME] crossover
Fuck all those "racist [NAME] supporters," amirite
That's exactly what I said and not arguing in bad faith at all. I applaud your intellectual honesty and hope your sexually repressed dystopia is swiftly enacted.
Eventually the fridge was back in place and I had even managed to score a minor victory against my fear of fire extinguishers as I successfully moved it across the room ( the fear comes from one fell on my foot, long story! )
Love the flower, and hope you feel better!
No, they don't. Make room for some different fighting styles.
So we should stop caring about other people and only look out for ourselves. That DOES sound like a baby boomer!
They just keep coming, it's like a cartoon
Indeed, I'm no expert on the subject, so I'm not going to present a misleading picture.
You mean me? Said the same thing as you did lol
I appreciate the fact that you used your precious time to translate the meme in Latin.
You’re doing so good! We’re all so proud!
That thread is rage-inducing
5. Very likely
This sent chills down my spine. What in the world!! I can’t imagine what they were planning
Damn, dude lol You should've calmed him down.
I don't even find her that loud or that wild I think he's just no fun.
Oooo, shiny! (Is the blue one the new one?)
[NAME] and [NAME]. Both are really cute in different ways
You're a clown. What gives you confidence that anything takes place ever?
A 12 million sub channel has value. Wouldn't be surprised if it's been hollowed out ready to be sold and rebranded.
I really wanna see how this argument goes....!
My feet were pretty sore and I was complaining about how I wish I could sit down.
And get amazingly toned calves in the process! [NAME]
Incredible work and very unique, good for you
I wish I could too.
can't wait to develop nutrient management plans for crop production!!!
“You *definitely* don’t want the spider to bit ya where the good lord split ya...”
Sorry, I meant let them know outside of class.
Yes and that is very intimidating for me, hence why I need help
Why does Candice constantly pout #GBBO 💄😒 #gbbo
This will get buried so it is probably for the best.
He had 4 inches and 40 pounds on me and I still won.
NOT THE [NAME] ALBUM LMAOOOO
I hate this comment. More-so, I hate how likely this comment is to reach fruition.
I don’t think [NAME] knocking us out of the copa would change anything. Our team is incredibly lethargic.
Having money and a job aren’t the only determining factors for success.
It returns "Sorry, this service is not available."
You have just been r/woooshed
It’s not about the money, it’s all about the love of the game.
In a few years she will probably be claiming to be in her 30s!
You are right and why you get downvoted?
I was already over the edge with [NAME]. Just showing my disdain for two terrible individuals.
whenever I hear concert postponed I think of dismal ticket sales   green day ?
I would think terrible, awful things.
Yeah I remember when they banned bathrooms, crazy thing.
Can't decide if that's because we're playing gritty basketball late or getting kinda lucky and an inevitable regression to the mean
That is so relatable! I used to be amazing at hearing whether a parent was coming upstairs.
Bridesmaid dresses: having carnal delight in addition to separates: RFpBAX
I thought I was the only one. And going insane.
I'm referring to leadership and there's been several headlines about it already in the last week or so.
lol, it is. At least the leftist communities flat out tell you that you'll be banned for it.
pretty ironic this was recorded
Sooooo much upper body strength. My GOD the muscles. He's positively rrrrrrrripped!!
Saddos??? And holy heck that laughing emoji, what a disrespectful sociopath. I'm so sorry you have to deal with her.
I'm curious who those four are? You can't count [NAME], because he never "endorsed" him.
Everything in here I want but all we can do is pray to [NAME] for our wishes to come true
Us arguing here won’t change a thing in the government
You’re an awful troll...
[NAME], I’d like to buy a letter A...
I would tend to agree, but it’s also the crypto market. You never really know what it’s going to do lol
So much better that way!
My daughter started early education at 3 months old — parent-child interaction, mainly to let her socialize with peers. She enjoys it, and now she’s two.
That's a *really* weak counter-argument. "They didn't achieve *total* world domination, so it's still a free market."
SOOOOO TRUE!!
I don’t get why people whose own lives are a mess are so confident giving others life advice.
Perhaps they did and downvoted the quality of the article. Maybe you're just trying to insert your own bias here?
Can you imagine not being able to pick your nose THE WHOLE GAME ! Those poor bastards.
OOF, well if im dancing with someone i dont really look at their crotch so im pretty surd ur fine. How old are u
This is so scary but true
[NAME] dude I see [NAME] so rarely that I forget that he's the OG "Fuck this character fuck this stupid game" king.
Wise choice. You had kebab.
The abysmal ignorance, frivolity and levity of the Italian priests stupefied him.' - Roland Bainton on Luther, #ReformationDay #reformationday
She's a freedom hating commie is what she is. Of course the media loves her; she wants to dismantle everything that made America good.
We all refer to it as the witch scream, and to this day I have no idea what made it.
Wasn't implying that, just weird that a South African brand is so popular overseas all things considered.
Holy fuck youre pathetic. I hope you have insurance. Therapy is expensive I hear
I thought that type of camouflage failed horribly because the high contrast and defined shapes made the ships really stand out.
@Plasma_Assassin @ArmouredDove @BallsOnY0u N-no. Because of your wrath.
I love the thumbnail dude, but I’m already Soldier
I'm thinking I'd be wondering how I got my hands on a time machine.
And I would advise that everyone wait to watch @KevinCanWaitCBS ,or actually don't wait, just don't even watch it because it is
The irony that most of these disgusting things wouldn’t have made it through the winter without vaccines
My favorite [NAME] post-match celebration hands down.
It looked like something on her etsy. Maybe I'm wrong, I just looked it up under her username
Aside from some young actors lagging, performances are solid. Zhang Yi’s improvs shine, and others worked hard too. Promotion’s personal — no need for snide remarks.
Anger that you are willing to take out on people &amp; the world in general, &amp; ALL #police, is WORST, most indefensible kind of . #police
I thought she had that same expression when he proposed as well. Or at some point during the proposal dinner
Right but even without the FPTA surely we could have found ourselves in the same situation from a legal perspective?
#Followback Quote_Soup: Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything.  #followback
What accent does the man talking in the video have? It sounds Scottish to me, but I'm just guessing.
@kymwhitley hello Miss Lady I'm sure today brings you happiness and laughter use your voice also to make us laugh  god knows we need it
Nothing says “I peaked too soon” more than a class ring.
The Zika #Hoax Files: DEET is part of a binary chemical weapon targeting your brain: #Toxin  #neurological #USCitizens #Insect #mammal #hoax #toxin #neurological #uscitizens #insect #mammal
IMM PUTTING ALL MY MONEYZ ON RT WEBSITE CRASHING XD
It's the end of the world as we know it...and I feel fine
Ooh, and they make the joke be able to be known by everyone so viewer thinks they are special
We haven’t heard from you in a while. Hopefully you and your kids are doing well.
I’m convinced WB is more of a pain than it’s worth. Good luck making adjustments during the semester. I feel your pain.
Why can’t we do both, approve wall funding and more border agents now and stop holding 800k federal workers hostage.
I'm sure you do lmfao...
I don’t get it :(
Oh *hell* no.
Did Anhui issue secret orders forcing even low-risk residents from mid/high-risk counties into isolation? Today, Ma’anshan officials came with police demanding we go to a hotel — no document, so we refused. Tonight they came again citing a “confidential” file. I’m terrified.
The pit! I fell in it, the pit! You fell into the pit! We all fell into the pi-ee-ii-ee-iit!
@pmo100 @5liveSport .....I heard talk something is a miss. He looks weary.
True! Not all talented people work hard — so those with less talent but passion and persistence have great chances! Often, it’s perseverance, not talent, that wins.
In good news today: she broke up with him!! Right after he told her he’ll never love her the way she loves him 🙄
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @jaredhorgan #lively #musically #lively #musically
Yes. Get used to it, it's not going away soon.
Laughing about it, we went back up the beach to go home, when we heard a huge bang and saw a bright white flash up by where the houses were.
His fingers have swelled with pride.
Bunch of incels
I just hope you are all right dude
You’re not in Shenzhen, stop talking nonsense. Its COVID control isn’t easier than Guangzhou’s — localized lockdowns and brief silences worked.
It's interesting that you'd prefer to punish yourself instead of making life easier. I'd do the same with some stuff too
If by probe you mean “ask questions” then it’s To fully understand what you’re trying to say — why else?
The 2nd worst president. First time i voted. Been trying to live it down ever since
Yeah it isn't the same singer. 'Don't hug me I'm scared' is voiced by [NAME], the lead singer of KKB is [NAME]
I am assuming since it's shut down, no one can access the website to change these things. They are most likely delayed.
> a central bank that acts as a buffer between monetary policy and implementation. ... what?
One of my all-time favorite bands, and one of the best live acts you'll ever see!
Damn, you're right. I could've sworn I saw a 99% up there.
The silence cupped my ears where it was all I could see and hear.
Oh ok... well good luck 🍀
This kind of sacrafice should cost at least 100.000.wanting it for free is what shocks me here most.
I’ve actually been there lol
I don’t know why but I watch that and just imagine how red barbecue [NAME] would get [NAME] belt out some of those notes
You are what's ruining America
No I dont think I said that anywhere
I love how you only see these types of comments on Japanese games, brings out the inner weep.
[NAME] thank you. Someone with a rational mind.
keeping an eye out in case of another shooting
Tech hobbyist scifi fan (me): That fridge is going to get hacked
I couldn't let [NAME] become carver.. I regret it. [NAME] didn't deserve this, although he was fucking stupid to let his guard down
Nah not today
I despise [NAME] and all his cronies
Maximum silly!
Thanks for all the down votes!
Gotta love guarantee. You should come over to amtrak, at most crew bases it only takes two years to hold a job.
Would of been slightly awkward for someone to walk into my building haha
Because [NAME] base are also the kind of folk who like [NAME]. In the end it only helps him.
Search results are indeed based on personal search history. The first result I get searching Canadian Soldiers is [NAME], haha
As [NAME] once said, "what do you mean?"
Just coming!
That sound you are hearing is me, a middle aged woman, applauding you wildly. How fun this is to read on my morning break.
*Ugh..* You are 23 and not married - leave.
Good for them. I still don't believe a single word of it.
@SueWallace78 peanut butter???? You some kinda pervert?? #awful #awful
Ahhh! good old social forced slavery... For real, good advice, thanks.
The first season was excellent and two was very bad, you should try three and four though
Love both sports, but this is what annoys me about Boxing when compared to MMA. If this was the UFC this fight would have happened years ago
The possibilities are fascinating. In other times, I'd be enjoying watching the lawyers argue...!
"I have to deal with this, so now you have to also."
This was pretty interesting. Creative, disturbing and very original. I honestly thought Hereditary was pretty bad, but I enjoyed this. Thanks for sharing.
I find calzone to be... Fatty.
Oh... Cool
We used to do a lot of terrible shit in the past that’s not a good argument
Will do tonight!
Thanks, I posted a new one with the source
You're clearly reporting all of my comments, and then acting like you don't know why they could get deleted haha, that's hilarious.
Take some time to ponder why you fancy yourself intelligent when you revel in pedantry and can't even understand such a simple point.
If you think people in this sub are gonna get butt-hurt you are in for a pleasant surprise.
@MariamVeiszadeh why sick. I am rejoicing that it is only half
Thanks, I actually just reached out to my counselor and said I'd like to switch to just myself.
I honestly hope you do that
Just eat your goddamn vegetables, [NAME]!
Im glad to hear it !!!
Actually maybe the OP is not an INTP, have you thought about that!!
Yes, that was indeed the joke, I’m glad you got it ;)
Wow....thank you...you just "woke" me up :)
@leeuwlion 'The furries are restless tonight'.
Did he died?
It’s always easier for TIMs to walk around with their “tiddies” out. They’ve never been shamed for them.
What’s the issue with [NAME]? I think he’s been good off the bench this season .
> Is it weird to have more sympathy for animals than humans? It's frighteningly common, so not *weird*, but it's definitely sad
I yell but I can't help but feel a sharp stave in my chest.
Studid fuckin idiot
I can try. That sounds interesting. Its hard for me to not be interrupted at my house too. But ill definitely try.
Every village’s like this — set up test sites locally, leave a lane for residents, let others queue only when locals aren’t waiting, locals first.
I knooooow. I’m expecting more water splashes :p [NAME] I was not expecting a manga using the term *girlyboy* to actually be progressive.
Glad your boss backed you up
Keep it, join the army get promoted to SGT so pops has to stand at parade rest for you in heaven, or hell whichever one
Or, do you organize when you're mind feels more structured? The old chicken or the egg question.
I didn't get it the first time, thank you for replying me.
So hard to believe that this comment isn`t being ridiculed. I want some of what you guys are smoking.
Same thing as well! I don't know what is happening.
Keep going in this way and help me to control my dreams before in 30 years.
...and let her clean?
...... mmmm unforbidden ham
Yesterday. All my troubles seemed so faaar away. Now it looks though that they're here to stay. Oh I believe, in yesterday.
Yep and what a wonderful land it is. My favorite place in the world Edit: omg everybody so mad 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Oh wow. You really know your stuff. Luckily I don't have diabetes yet so that's something
I wish the next madden has a story mode too. Just like Fifa 17
My 2 favorites 🔥
A mail from Canada traveled thousands of miles and still could infect — see how contagious it is? Without strict defense, mass infection repeats Wuhan’s story.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
watching [NAME] attempt hook shots gives me a panic attack, even when he makes them (which is rare)
oh, ive seen that, ugh breeders have such weird and confusing minds
The object of literature is to make man a wiser and happier being. The poet makes us happy because he tells us how we may become so.
i wonder how a guy can broke his penis while having sex? #serious #serious
Ugh her mind!
What a warrior [NAME], good job being tough. That’s a flagrant!
I made some super dumb decisions as a teen. Thankfully nothing life affecting. Source: was teen
Yeah, be sure to choose an option that won't be painful and has no chance of survival. And make it quick.
I’m with you on that I suppose. Can only hope for the best.
Ok! I like making friends
Fascinating! Thanks for the info!
JAEGER CALM DOWN!
What if the meal didn’t consent to being cannibalised?
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @ittzdevin  #musically #musically
Anybody know a good place to book a show in #Montreal on short but not super-short notice? #punkrock #postpunk #blues #montreal #punkrock #postpunk #blues
There must be some awful things happening right at this second
Lmao seriously this is stupid. HEY GUYS DO YOU GUYS AS INTJS NEED TO DRINK WATER? NOT ME
I like it, especially the shovel and therapy lines
@victoriarghhh not mad but tilting? slightly irate? is that cool?
This sub no longer has much in the way of standards, sadly.
Rather than having to guess at which part you consider a strawman, maybe you could just quote it for me. I may not always recognise fallacies.
Considering the century is only a touch over 19 years. Is this really news worthy?
[NAME] only sends angels when he wants you to fuck 14 year old girls
So, they want a more profitable split? Surprised they wouldn't go for the Discord store then. Didn't it offer even better a split?
I had 175/1 back in March. About to go to Vegas again and it will be disappointing to only get 12/1 this time.
Honestly could be faster to just install ublock real quick.
I love this. It's not always the most exciting things that make for the most amazing feelings 😊
Racial attacks went up after [NAME] was elected.
Heard our county head just took office. Funny thing — lived here decades and never knew who it was, until now through this incident.
This is a genuinely good point. It’s enough to take me from giving zero shits to giving a modest shit against them.
@harrietemmett great minds think alike. #rejoice #rejoice
And my heart bleeds.
Wow! Noted!
We know our hometown isn’t advantaged compared to other cities—college entrance, development, etc.—but we still love it. Now, it repays us with “one-size-fits-all” policies. Why must low-risk returnees still pay for quarantine? People toil all year just to spend earnings on isolation—what’s the point of a green code then? Is this lazy governance or something deeper?
Wow excellent shot
They no longer live there.
You first! Make it more interesting than this!
I would have used "perplexing" haha
After hearing weights drop - I can't imagine they're that good for the floor....
@MrMalky @kwr66 How awful! Switched off!
Is it too late?
Stop fooling yourselves — it’s ruining credibility! All early pandemic gains have vanished into thin air.
loving the salah hate
[NAME] is not good enough to get that angry.
I must break you!
Sharpened a pencil today, haven't sharpened once since 1999. ✏️
The best boy!
Being approached isn't a license to act a racist fool yourself
That’s not proof.
Sir excuse me my mother says i am a very handsome young man.
🔥Anger is the acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.🔥 #anger \n\n~Mark Twain #anger
Pair it with Mayhem meme eyes and baby, you've got a stew going.
Never stop playing them! I love going against Legions and never see them enough in this game!
I guess you could say that it was unexpected
You’ve obviously never met a kangaroo before
Back in the big time after selection last night. Absolutely buzzing. Bring on the roaches #SG16 #kickittomehigh #nswgaa #blues #statevstate #sg16 #kickittomehigh #nswgaa #blues #statevstate
@delta correction 26 ppl. Checked in. Standing at the gate. &amp; Flt 1449 took off without us.
to stop any confusion we're talking about this photo
That's true. People feel they can't trust anything so they just chose to believe what they want to believe.
@Cex Waste of time had this before nothing gets done. Won't be using you again #awful #awful
Interactive map can be found
I'd bet that this falls under spamming and therefor I'll get banned soon :/ (please dont, I love this sub)
This should in r/funny not here, very expected
Best quote from a 7 in German - Almost
I don’t see the MAGA hat kid working to undermine civil liberty. It’s at least understandable to react violently to tyrants.
They apologized for that episode.
I'm well fond of foreign birds to be fair.
Thought I left that part of life behind me\nIt's back to haunt every girl that loves me
Is that what this is? I thought it was some kind of a tattoo gun.
@CUTEFUNNYANIMAL @luvcaps19 My sister's dog does this. I think it's because she knows it'll provoke a reaction
I know it's Nightengale but he's saying upwards of 12/350.. ya no thanks.
That’s so precious and sweet 😭
The applause came from [NAME] and his group.
@FacMagnaAmerica  #CureForInsomnia And the left said WE were all doom &amp; gloom. The Trump Train is so much more fun! #cureforinsomnia
That used to be my favorite view on the planet, but now it’s just rage. I can’t look anymore.
This sounds like disgusting wasp propaganda. You're being paid by Big Wasp aren't you? Confess!
@Chr1sMcLaughlin he's brilliant, lost the joyous plot with us that year. Admits being a fan now after that.
I was worried about that too honestly
[NAME] hears bible verses and is like "fuck this shit"
I mean, even happy-in-love, definitely-did-not-settle type couples still get divorced. It can go either way.
I felt like a baby being nurtured 😂😂😂
This is true...
i cannot stand babies and i would run the other way which is all kinds of illegal if it's my own, haha.
^ This. You know the guy's a liability when multiple teams openly admit to taking advantage of his defensive inconsistency at the left.
Some disturbing thoughts, but I hope you’re in a better place now pal.
burn the witch!
Can someone make me a priority list of which things I should be outraged at + in which order?  #racism #animalrights #abortion #cops #racism #animalrights #abortion #cops
((((((Make me))))))
"Have you seen my ex girlfriend?!" on KFC radio was the cringiest thing i've ever heard
I wanna see [NAME] too at the ASG too!! He gotta show that [NAME] Magic with [NAME] as teammate
I hope you find him, but WHY didn't you exchange numbers???
There is an actual subreddit for cheating. It's disgusting.
These people are so full of hate it's disgusting and disheartening at the same time. How do you de-radicalize these people?
They did the Unreal Engine store in the same way. I'm not surprised.
Haha I hear ya man. Congrats! It's a real ride.
Doubtful that's why he did it. Which in turn leads to even more disturbing reasons possible. SOS
Hi !! I totally get you. If you want to be friends I’m here !! :)
#RIPBiwott I think Robert oukos soul can now rejoice and rest in peace. Call an evil man evil and a good man a good man. He was an evil man #ripbiwott
I love the concept but if they release another kpop skin line they should recosnider giving the group a different name to rival KDA
So the article is pretty much nonsense.
My limbs wouldn't move properly then, nothingness.
I like Brown Sugar
Atheist here and I believe in freedom of religion, don’t let ppl get in ur head, believe in what makes you happy
"don't protect unconfirmed TP" "Claim Crus day 1 so TP will be on you"
Yikes, maybe [NAME] can pull some [NAME] magic with him
> i can't hug nagisa mood
Ironic considering the amount of brigading AnComs do on this sub
No problem, just wait until March and the site will be out.
Another thing I always wondered: why doesn't Raddus have autopilot? Would have prevented Holdo's death.
Or getting lucky. Most [NAME] have jobs so their must be a way.
Reminds me of this stunt [NAME] pulled a few years ago in
Love the whole lebatard community but she has the most confidence speaking and it shows up on all the shows she does
Did you noticed they removed my post? Yep.
Hate to say it but having a veteran like him and [NAME] in games like this can make a difference
I’m sorry to hear you’ve been cheated on.. but you’re free ! Makes it easier for NC if they found a new FP
Sorry was talking about OP being in Alabama.
oh ok thanks for explaining
Shits me no end mate, good on you for doing something
Which sex communicates better? Typically women. Don't judge this guy like your girlfriends. he sounds pretty normal to me.
Micklethwait Craft meats and La BBQ are right up there with Franklin.
Annoyed with @TripAdvisorUK bullying me to download an app that eats my phone memory. Will seek alternative from now. #bully #tripadvisor #bully #tripadvisor
How are his past career stats relevant? Dude hit below the Mendoza line last season lol [NAME] is way better
Until the Brexiteers bit at the end you could have been talking about Ireland.
Yes, we do. One with very misguided priorities
>very unlikely Literally impossible
istanbul and ankara matters. Also percentage-wise it acts as a nationwide survey. Out of ordinary results like below 38 or over 48 would be very important.
HUGE CONGRATULATIONS TO NICOLE WINNING BIG BROTHER 18! @BBNicole #BB18 sorry not sorry #bitter #bbmichelle #bb18 #bitter #bbmichelle
Hello fellow #horror #creepy #dark #stange #story fans, how's your day? #followme and I'll #followback #horror #creepy #dark #stange #story #followme #followback
That's totally my focus for today, just enjoy the day and being there for myself :) it's so liberating.
So so cute she will love it so much. Trust me, little sentimental things like that mean a lot
@isthismike_p that nigga is horrible bro
A respectful professional doesn't cheap shot multiple training partners ending one's fighting career.
i dont think theyre planning beyond "screw over them liberal educators that are ruining our children with their sjw bullshit" themed rants
That was the one I was thinking of! I can't remember which episode it was on now, but it fantastic
I enjoyed it somewhat, but haven't felt like rewatching (or owning) it.
welcome to the community, my good dude!
oh I thought you were calling OP loser my bad
Who was it? I got here after it was deleted, and I'd like to read the comment history.
Did the Benghazi investigation lead to more than a dozen people thrown in jail, cause this investigation has and it's not even over.
Hot dang, this almost makes me want to go to the dentist.
semores: let's get this. #mirth #SAW #keepthetradition 💜💛⚛🏵🍇🍋🌼🐤🐥👚😈😈👾🧀 #mirth #saw #keepthetradition
That boy of yours is a real hero
Nope, nope, nope and HELL NOPE!
Congrats y'all!!!
I just have a controller on my desk that I turn on when I fly. I've always hated mouse flying.
Lost his legs, what an idiot.
Exactly. Last year we were saying, “Don’t worry...next year we will get [NAME] or [NAME]. Or both.” What a joke
The joke here is that [NAME] is the ‘baby.’
The fact that you put [NAME] above [NAME] is proof that you’re a troll or mentally handicapped.
He had doubts but no matter, the baby changed his life and he wouldn't abandon it no matter what :)!
6'3 guy who wants to be the smaller guy here, [NAME] i feel you
Progressives Warn Against [NAME] Trying To Get Elected In A Sharply Divided Nation
I mean it wouldn't be the first time honestly- we have a mod thread every so often about Justno's in the news.
I don't know why that omni-directional treadmill in Ready Player One still isn't being mass produced.
Great job! Hats off to you.
Lol thanks for understanding that it's humor as a coping mechanism...there are some comments on here that don't seem to grasp the concept very well.
I agree. The timing is really funny to me
Girlfriend weak as well, that jump was pathetic.
Ohhhh....this would be easy but....nope....not gunna.....
Sun Yang’s Swiss legal team emailed him: the Swiss Federal Supreme Court overturned CAS’s 8-year ban ruling.
Why hello there
If they actually want to prevent abortions, they should be fighting for universal healthcare, comprehensive sex ed, and civilized parental leave policies.
Yikes. That’s straight up paranoid, you can tell they were looking through comments for someone to rage at.
“It’s fine guys, she’s 500 years old”
Gotcha. Given how contentious even the top-tiers are, I wanted to play it safe.
That didn't go the way I thought it would
15 minutes of yoga to your breakfast routine will change your day #preparation #sunriseyoga #bodyawareness #health #yoga  #stretch #preparation #sunriseyoga #bodyawareness #health #yoga #stretch
I love daydreaming because I daydream about having conversations with people and it is the most pleasing feeling in the world when the conversation happens.
*laughs in Spartan*
yea ok dude
Omg. It's Viv from [NAME] !
I like [NAME] but I disagree with him here. Then again it's not much surprise that a mega rich globetrotter that lives next to [NAME] would hold such views.
They also almost always miss, leading to that awful thin sheet of bagel that ends up as ash in the oven.
[NAME] damn it [NAME].
> You're not in a Greek tragedy How sure are you of this?
Came here to say that. I'm genuinely astounded that it's as much as 12%.
i didnt realize i was avoiding a question. i am afraid to talk to cops to be honest. even my own mother doesnt know what i saw
That... sounds like gibberish. I expose myself to it in that it's my life. The rest of that sentence makes very little sense.
Really didn't like. I thought it was nasty and mean-spirited. "[NAME]" on ice it isn't.
that is awesome! i've been looking into going to therapy myself. glad you were able to have a great experience.
I like to imagine that it's just the same 2 incompetent drivers who live in the area and keep plowing into innocent cars at that one fateful intersection.
Report her to the police. Physical threats are a no-no.
True. I'm just glad I didn't have to go through my high school years we the her...
Brighten up a gloomy day with a @SiennaXOfficial spray tan, we have a tan to suit everybody! #spraytan #tan #summer #godalming #hurtmore #spraytan #tan #summer #godalming #hurtmore
Anyway, she tried her best to ignore the noise and hours later, fell asleep despite being so freaked out.
Same. Even though he’s dad-dicked us 3 years in a row I will always cheer for [NAME].
why thank you!
I believe they use some tissue from the urethra that creates some small amount of lubrication.
I’m sure if it’s crusty there’s some flavor.
So the [NAME] invading an even whiter Westeros full of [NAME]?
Dude, I'll be your friend any time. Especially if you got Steam/discord. I will link u to our friend group's server.
@cresbots dw I think cheeks are the most attractive thing in guys too it's terrible tbh
But people already know I'm weird.
When will this finish
Sorry, didn't know where else to put it
Good luck! The life ahead of you holds 1000% more promise than the one you are leaving behind. They caused this ... not you.
[NAME], legendary skater
Wow it looks like we held our own negotiating here, nice to see.
I’m surprised by how quickly they were able to get a graphic for Kent.
dude - just get the hell outta CA ! there's plenty of other states without the immigration problem rampant in frickin california...
My first name is her first name I mean, not my reddit name.
Sorry guys I have absolutely no idea what time i'll be on cam tomorrow but will keep you posted. #fuming #fuming
I loved [NAME]. He didn't seem evil at all!
I had did the same thing sometime in December. I hope you'll be fine and I'm very proud of you for not harming yourself after
Start a relaxing bedtime routine. Goggle sleep hygiene and make sure yours is good. Get over your weird thing about reading and try it!
This is more what I was looking for, that’s how I figured it’d feel but I’m not super eager to find out
Peace be with you
Can’t get hep or HIV from shitty politics.
“Stop. What are you doing? Stop.” 😂
EXACTLY. Not only is it incredibly important, but it's incredibly **fun** as well.
I firmly believe that at least 30% people on that subs are just trolls to make the other 70% look like idiots.
Another senseless tragedy.
Well, I **NEVER**! "Lady, you really *should*."
Ever seen a lion limber up before it takes down a gazelle?
Id like to see Finland win it. But id like to see [NAME] and [NAME] carry their teams in every way possible to those losses.
Jeepers I should have been asleep two hours ago
so who do you think were gonna face in the playoffs???
I’d want him to keep whatever gimmick this is it looks interesting
Thank god I'm not dating anymore. I wouldn't want to risk some girl I'm trying to bang seeing my reddit history.
I like it that way :) My point is that you’re an attention seeker like [NAME]
@MasterTomTheDom  I hate winter, I dread it's arrival.
I had this one! he was a precious little angel and I loved him.
Or at least that's what the neurons in my brain say.
True. Edit: Maybe my only issue is the misuse of funds. Like that couple that went to Vegas and put the homeless guy in a trailer.
Finn singing 'Can't Fight This Feeling' in the shower and Will spying on him is one of the best scenes on any show. #glee #glee
Ooooooo that burns!!! 🔥🔥 🤣 This is amazing.
Wine drunk is the worst version of myself ffs, don't even remember seeing basshunter
It’s time to stop lad, it’s getting a little embarrassing now...
Spoken like someone who has never faced off with a gorilla with a gun.
I’ve made candies almonds and cashews in a slow cooker before. They’re surprisingly not mushy or soggy.
Contactless affliction kart are the needs must regarding the psychological moment!: xbeUJGB
Those guys are dolphinetly not putting her down far enough to get the ball on porpoise.
Wow you could like hand out anarchist flyers while selling these balloons. Would probably attract a lot of people
I told them I felt a bit sick so they hurriedly put a sickbowl on my chest, then 10 seconds later I spewed up but a lot of it when all down my new white tshirt.
Nice to see someone actually posted something useful here. :D Thanks!
I didn't need that eye, anyway.
[NAME] today is great, when he plays like this he is a rly good player
Oh god. The pages are still Packers though, right?!
Well she mostly horrible when she was drunk, so drinking less for her would be a huge improvement.
The doors were getting ready to close, and she wasn't in yet, so I wedged my foot in the bottom of the door to hold it open for her.
did he just hecking kill [NAME]
Am I the only one waiting for [NAME] turn from ‘politics’ to porn?
Feeling tacky ? You already working for [NAME] - might as well play the part haha
Yours is the only defensive comment I see. Grow up.
Oof, that was efficient
I think it can be good, bad, and everything in between. It's inevitable given the forward progress of civilization.
One of the comments on that video: “Cat: I’ve waited far too long.” Hahaha
As a furloughed fed, this does indeed lift my spirits. Thanks for putting this on my radar.
[NAME] and [NAME] were better than everyone on that list except for [NAME]. Also [NAME] is a racist.
This is what that kid in kindergarten who always had juice stains around his mouth and was probably named [NAME] grew up to be.
An @amityaffliction kind of drive home from work today #nightmare #dailyfeels #nightmare #dailyfeels
Oh nice. Let's me try this. Thanks for sharing
"Don't be stupid and be a smarty, come and join the Nazi party !"
So when the laughing fit stopped, back to my seat I went with a big ole smile across my face.
Yeah I don't have this issue because of this, seems it's more developed for HDR
You seem very angry. Maybe you should.... go jerk off.
That was 21 years ago.
I love the comradely for finding the source
Talked about our demons after watching It's Kind of a Funny Story.
Didn't realize I'm so famous!
It's the lists fault!
If I fail, I still have some experiences with tracking down people. Might come in handy if I ever want to work for the police :P
#Always #borrow #money from a #pessimist. He won't #expect it #back. #always #borrow #money #pessimist #expect #back
Approaching #terrorism from an anti-racism POV is futile, instead promote prejudice towards racism. That way we are all on the battlefield. #terrorism
Middle school. Puberty was rough for most of us. I was a victim and a perpetrator of a lot of stupid behavior in middle school.
Not really, every other post is summit doing something. Gets boring.
You know the answer man, you are programmed to capture those codes they send you, don’t avoid them!
Excellent collage, I learned so much from all these guys. The community is great, the unconfiscatable conference was awesome 🙏🏽🙏🏽
If this happens in my dream then I will get up and do this.
Was it this?
I've seen Shot Caller. That's what I've decided prison is... so yeah. Sorry boys.
I still don’t understand what did [NAME] do? Lol
Kindness is both civility and light. Every act of kindness matters; every song of kindness deserves to be sung. Let’s gently embrace the breeze, pluck a clear note, and let happiness bloom in life’s simplicity. May our song of kindness echo through the world, as we walk through the seasons with smiles and compassion.
I know you're joking, but there are people here either stupid or desperate enough to believe and perpetuate such idiocy.
There are a lot of QVC hoarders out there. I have an obscene amount of argan oil. I've mostly curbed my hoarding now.
If we weren't going to sign an outfielder or [NAME] for some reason, we should have just signed [NAME].
Loved this book
Who’s fucking a shark !?
I saw [NAME] recently with [NAME] and it was bangin
If we were in the same city we could've hung out. Happy new year to you. You're not alone in being alone.
Ok you're right, I amend my statement to give one to anyone who wants one and can meet certain qualifications. Just like getting a business permit.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @evanhufferd #lively #musically #lively #musically
Good luck with ur sales. Get an ig page going and backpack off thugpug hashtags. Be a lot easier then on here.
Is your face chubby (but not too chubby!!!)
weird. i went 3/3 earlier.
[NAME] 1st wife was his fucking cousin
The Redmond Cycling Club that organizes this event, had made-to-order coldcut sandwiches and -- be still my heart -- ice-cold cans of Coca-Cola at the final aid station.
I'm having a hard time understanding what exactly happened. I'm sorry you're having these problems. 🙁
Dude. Don't even get me started on the only guy who can manipulate time running out of it.
It's also why someone I know is working on becoming an orthopedic surgeon. It's very grim and morbidly lucrative in the US.
#2 complained then while his head and then called do not despair of God's mercy if you did sins go back to him and ask his forgiveness #2
If I was any of those and my parents needed it, of course I'd do it. Everyone else: fuck you, pay me.
Yeah different people get it totally different. I don't get it at all fortunately
What? That doesn’t answer my question.
@TimewarpArcade @tenpencearcade Do you really have to pedal like a nutter to get anywhere? I remember it being more sedate.
He most likely saw you and just didn’t care. Sadly.
Omg. You've got to watch the new series 'This is Us'.....wow. Best tv show I've seen in a long time.\n #tears  #moretears #tears #moretears
Haha imagine if that limo in Vancouver where him, [NAME], and [NAME] were shirtless had a dash cam.
It wrapped up too quickly — the ending felt lacking. And why do police always rely on internal conflicts to solve cases? He’s the only one providing evidence; without him, there’d be zero progress.
I dunno. Backhanded compliments in girl world are like professional sports.
Accidentally clip through a bathroom wall, get slapped
If I tried that I would lose badly, get laughed at, and be back at square one.
The owners posted the name of their two dogs on the page before and Cumlord isn’t his actual name, its just the page.
You’re right
My wife is divorcing me because I glued [NAME] face onto all of our family photos He looks good with her body
Ahaha, a Jersey driver calling other drivers awful... that's adorable.
But I was happy and pretty tickled that I was able to get out and go fight or hunt / scrap for materials that I do nt have to pay for, as well as just get out in the open air.The downside was... I really twisted my ankle and its slowing me down considerably.
that's how the commenter in the screenshot spelled it
When I was 10, we had to paint birds for art, I was pretty good at art but a girl copied my exact one, even though we had to do different ones and I was not pleased.
Gen 8:21 NIV—The Lord smelled the pleasing aroma and said in his heart: “Never again will I… lifelong depravity
I had a difficult time reaching the target HR, even in the lowest gear, but I still got a really nice burn in my legs.
Yes, you said you are dying, I cannot do anything about that, hope you find peace
That's great, keep fighting the good fight!
I also told them about the dream I had which involved a bunch of worms coming out of one of the pots next to my bed, and then a disgustingly large one ( about as big as my leg ) that tried to come out of the pot and eat me.
I know I am very worried
@canada4trumpnow @donlemon he has BAD TEMPERAMENT  #HissyFits #hissyfits
Oh shit, yeah that's definitely shady.
My heart dropped.
I got you dude! I use it a ton, Glad I could make it worth it for you!!
My first Hawks jersey was #81. Praise be. #81
aw, thanks! I appreciate that!
Not gonna lie sometimes I crave meatloaf...
Really curious how families handled this in the old days before the modern health care system.
Yes....youtube new rule is now...u have to do commentary on every video u uploaded or show yourself in the video.....check their guidelines..u will see..
this mom wants her child to die
Your comment from exactly 40 days ago was, “Your mom.” I wouldn’t recommend you eat your words.
*poorly It's an adverb. Happy New Year.
Your mistake, you should've waited outside, he just followed the app right to you.
We were all duped? I’ve seen through her from day 1, even posted about how fake she is
Not sure how you could put [NAME] there, he's been our worst defender
I only wrote it down as a last choice if I have trouble meeting people on campus.
I feel this. For me since I’m using those gamethreads to let out frustration but realistically I know we need to keep patient in this re-rebuild
Thank you. Message me.
a vote for #killary is like sticking a knife in a toaster #shocking #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #killary #shocking #makeamericagreatagain
I missed that part unfortunately
Also, note how the First Order recruits....children. That certinetly could lead to rampant abuse.
Hell yeah, high five. Good job!
Goddamn it Your username just started a song in my head 👶🦈
So much news about Pakistan, Afghanistan, etc. We need more cheery news about Frybread Stands!!! Everyone in media just so grim.
You need medical help.
Other than family, I neither remember the last time I got a compliment
Oh dear. Ive tried to forget that. Lmao If some one brings this up, i just remind them we are also the toilet water town. Lol
Aw man I thought you liked "Forgoing the Playoffs"
How original, another “[NAME] hates tutorials” meme...
I'd give them a first, but they have to retain salary. You know they'll just destroy that first round pick too.
Went to work, then prepared for rescue. Took a break to call home — my family is safe, that’s wonderful! Then continued transporting supplies.
Play hard, but we don't want to reveal our secret raptor killing strategy until the playoffs...
Woah, cool!
good lord... where to start well i was getting ready to leave for rocky... and my mom saw me and pulled me aside to `` tirm '' my hair... what was once close to my shoulders is no more... now i kinda look like man at arms.
whhat rene with that hair an...he is the mayor???
This is the strangest rendition of our national anthem that I’ve ever heard.
Appreciate you keeping to the bet. The other guy hasn't yet. Take care bro.
Would breaking her jaw and hands be out of line? She couldn’t call or text, what a shame.
@Matt_Lat fuming ain't the word
Sounds like you want to control what tthey do with their nukes! Who cares if they leave it laying around and let their children play with it
Nobody forced [NAME] to take [NAME] over [NAME], if he liked him that much then he should’ve just taken him.
@JustHerrick @iPhone_News Piece of #crap #crap
Ask if they can send your mother a thank you note so she knows that you did not accept her "gift."
Praise the [NAME] for REALITY! WOOF!!!!!
This was the most random/terrifying thing that has ever happened to me.
When you're prof suggest @Pharrell and William James may be unlikely dialogue partners and then plays the #happy video #WeAreCST #happy #wearecst
Save a spot for me! I'll bring the rainbow penis shaped bags of penis shaped rainbow glitter!
WE ARE .500!!!! I'VE WAITED SO LONG!!!!
I love Nigeria, visited a couple of times. Lived in Angola for two years
Thank you for your kind words! Your energy is contagious!
>you never learn anything ever from university This is not true
Thank you for explaining it better than my rambling. I agree.
Serious-looking folks suffer from unused smile muscles \n\n #behappy  #hatersgonnahate #behappy #hatersgonnahate
Except that he's doing it because there's an election quickly approaching.
The new Five Nights at Freddy’s looks great
And I like the taste
WHAT that's heresy - how can you get BTS and EXO mixed up 🤣 Although I would die if they collabed! Can you imagine [NAME] rapping with [NAME] 😍
FaceTime actually sounds like a brilliant solution. I don't know why I didn't think of that, but I'm glad you did!
All that shows is them loaning money when Liverpool make losses, which seems to have happened more than any of us realised. We don't make a loss
I actually feel bad for your roommate, poor guy.
My only regret will be posting this on my alt account.
Why bother getting upset when straight people stereotype gays, when gays willingly stereotype themselves. ;)
Your dog is soooo cute
Maybe his son is 30 and drunk
Feels good bruh
Sorry man, it's not gonna happen. The music needs to be remastered for vinyl specifically and that's more than your budget.
They‘re not together? Looks like I have some serious scrolling to catch up on!!
There is nothing left about r/Canada my man.
I laughed but unfortunately [NAME] is our problem because of how close Canada and USA relations are.
Again it's weed not heroin. Smoke it. Or sell it.
Icon is pochama.\nHe is very cute and easily elated.
The rest of the country is getting dicked by the cold weather meanwhile Phoenix had a low of 54 only.
I have stated from the beginning that I do not believe that Abuse, Interrupted is a good resource for people in this subreddit.
Right? If I worked 75 hour weeks I'd want more than a damn gift card to a coffee shop
@susanbrodigan @lyricconcert Ha yes- the look of despair!
Cats are repulsive and they don't deserve to be pets
Sorry that's a mistype. I mean equally irresponsible
Not saying it should be beyond mockery, just that it has been beaten to death and been made into a way bigger issue than it actually is.
Happy belated cakeday.
@SaraLuvvXXX : Whaaaat?!? Oh hell no. I was jealous because you got paid to fuck, but this is a whole new level. #anger #love #conflicted😬 #anger #love #conflicted
Any time. Sorry she is putting you through this. I hope you two figure it out soon.
[NAME] is a fucking god
No. [NAME] can't do anything to me because he does not exist. He is just a chatacter in a book.
😂 - youre one of those whod bully me omg but it was all banter and we could laugh at it later haha. Youre a nice guy x
This should be interesting...
now that I have my future planned out, I feel so much happier #goals #life #happy #igotthis #yay #goals #life #happy #igotthis #yay
I went at it twice, until the muscles around my mouth hurt and my innards almost came out together.
Yet here you are mad about [NAME] being apathetic.
@yourKarma Reaching out AGAIN in hope to contact over the technical issues I am having. Your CS is severely lacking. #badkarma #unhappy #badkarma #unhappy
Really good point here. Thanks.
This is good.
I am but me and my SO live separate lives.
Lucky the patient passed out, they wont feel any of it or hear anything you're saying!
Sorry I should have been more specific! A spiral chemical perm (I love curly hair!)
Take a shower brother, i can smell you through my phone
I just love the look of most benzos. Bars of course the most. But a handful of 10mg valiums or 2mg klonopin is also mouth watering :)
glad to see youtubes "family friendly" robots have their priorities straight.
Friday is here, and we are open tonight and tomorrow. Get a jump on your Halloween and come play with us. #hauntedattraction #tulsa #haunt #hauntedattraction #tulsa #haunt
Wow, I'm really glad someone put this thread up.
What a coincidence. I also had a Bort.
You're right to be nervous. That happened near my college's campus when I was a student. She lost everything in her wallet.
@TaylaStJames it happens and Vegas isn't the only origin thats prevelant #sadly #sadly
Nah, I lied. I don't judge people's kinks and I like that [NAME] always moves me.
I used to have fun with it and didn't feel angry aside for when [NAME] was op lol
Yep. I’m an introvert with a big group of friends. I get tired even after spending just an hour with friends sometimes.
I have no idea what your post means but I love your name and you are one of us
I read the Wikipedia and I’m even more confused now.
It's funny because [NAME] actually transformed his play after he left Bulls and evemtually signed with Heat. Would be hilarious if [NAME] did something similar
Well now I am super pumped! [NAME] I hope AA doesn’t disappoint us
> Best ~~3pt~~ shooter fucking ever. FTFY
Interesting, I know another millionaire who takes to Twitter and rambles in an attempt to distract people from negative news about him...
I have been really close friends with her for over a year so I don't think that is the problem. I appreciate the comment though thank you.
I missed this. Wow that is a travesty
How the fuck is that not ticketable.
Well, that's only if you assume that something being impossible is the opposite of something being possible.
He made no reference to they slogan.
The DNC effectively *was* lead by [NAME]... That was the problem.
oh, you're back? have you gotten help for your paranoia yet?
Whether a movie is good doesn’t depend on its merchandise sales. The Wandering Earth 2 did it right, but others are too hollow — lots of room for improvement.
>it promotes the idea that an individual's vote doesnt matter An individual's vote doesn't matter, though. That's just fact.
It feels like there are no houses out there for us. With the most basic requirements I have, there are literally no options.
The functional use could be served by a $5 watch, so that's not really the point.
[NAME] play fake mad is great. Sitting there starring like he’s the most hardcore fan there is
What about every series prior to that? [NAME] was awful vs the bucks [NAME] was awesome. What about the years before that?
Yup. I’m assuming cause it’s live crawfish and early in the season? Idk. I love crawfish cafe but not for that price.
I don't get what point is made when reporting on Charlotte looting @CNNAshleigh. Why not explore what looting businesses symbolizes #outrage #outrage
I am sorry but I can feel a panic attack. Holy moly I would die instantly If I were him
Where did you get this? It's terrible.
Oh it's a well known phenomenon, unsure exactly what it is but I think it's a bit of princess syndrome with mental posho co morbidity.
No particular sauce, I'm just kinda tired of having to search that tiny lil speck of pan for at least 2 minutes before I find it.
Rats. Thanks anyway! Go Tartans
Give me another chance!
except this isn’t true, we know this because other cities do the same thing and see no significant decrease in sales
Jokes on you I have one of those fancy electric toothbrush stands!
Unfortunately, on the stupid official Reddit mobile app it doesn’t work. I miss my Android and Reddit Is Fun app
Well I'm happy to know that r/babyelephantgifs exists... Goodbye depression!
Honestly I realized they’re not really gatekeeping, but [NAME] last comment shows the gatekeeping
Not the snowbank, though. That will end badly in spring.
Oh I got you. Likewise for us. I’ll take a look later and name some names!
Glad to see I'm not the only one with that bug. Maybe someone will report it some day.
I can't not pick Savor the Flavor when playing Stitches though. It's just too damn fun.
I know I would take a [NAME] with his numbers any day of the week regardless of how many of his points are secondary.
The what now?
You think they're going to actually compost it or just toss it in the garbage?
The barn is full of corpses.
Which is weird because I can still get hours every week the day before if I wanted to.
Oh my god are you [NAME]? If you are I am huge fan. I completed the IX EE earlier today using your guide
I wish all Android phones would unify charging ports—it’s so annoying! Round, flat, long, short—so messy!
I appreciate it so much! I'm gonna message you!
Unfortunately I’m not a military man
oh no [NAME] wud is u doing
Instead of dumped underground at a later date, just dumped into the sea earlier. Despicable
Sorry, doesn't ring a bell. Do.you know [NAME] ign?
@Ganypede I notice that nice people believe in a nice god and horrid people believe in a horrid god who happens to hate everybody they hate.
[NAME]. Gave up in October and haven’t looked back. I can’t believe how easy I’ve found it.
[NAME] also played CDM for [NAME] so I would take that CB thing with a pinch of salt...
Hip hop has fallen down so far music in general, since the 90's.
Very cool of /[NAME] to host me for RPGs last night, and especially for stepping up to run a game on short notice. Thanks homie!
Man, [NAME]. What a shame that trainwreck turned out to be.
"i want farm my against" — time to refresh your French ;-)
Feel so grim + ugly atm
Oh I get i see it's #TexasTech playing tonight not the #Texans #TNF #texansarebad #terrible #texastech #texans #tnf #texansarebad #terrible
I have two and nothing has ever happened to me. The media doesn't want you to show your support because they want supporters to feel isolated.
Lots of them to mature. Thank you for half baked?
Are you saying the ones who suffer most are billionaire psychopaths? I’m confused by the wording.
Midnight has been 4/4 pro league teams they have played so far, so I wouldn't be too sure they're gonna be bottom feeders
Oh no I was laughing at that master trolling. that's like 20 years of buildup
I was already taking a break from basketball this season, but I think this really put the final nail in the coffin. This team is hopeless.
She really does and She really isn't! She's an old, tired ass, busted up, con artist hoe!
You just defended him with a bunch of doublespeak bullshit so I’m gonna have to disagree. You’re a fucking idiot.
I'd love him to get a pick6/scoop and score and chief slam on them
BTW your story really gave me comfort, Thank you.
YeH, I’m trying to inquire about this.
I need all your attention! If I don't I'll pout..
When will he get that pesky hood under control— oh, it’s looping
Or don’t. This sub would be half as fun without morbid people
sounds like you are a man who is uncomfortable with women's sexuality.
When I read where the fire apparently started that was my first thought.
I'm glad you found your way. And even missing one day of effexor gets me sick so I feel for you
If those are your main issues with IL you are gonna love TX. I hope that doesnt come across as sarcastic.
Well this is flipping great! Flipping standstill on the freeway!  #stepofftheledge #youvegottobekiddingme #stepofftheledge #youvegottobekiddingme
@Daniel_Sankey @hayleyp79 Haha.... Actually, after the Doggies I'm barracking for Anyone But GWS!
Wow, that's so clever!
Yeah imagine if he had been as efficient as the beginning of the season. We would have at least 2 more.
Not to mention that half the women out there are immediately disqualified (at least in my book) by having kids.
Wool will stay warm even if it gets wet.
FOUR?!?!? that's inhumane and unreasonable. We get 10.
Oh same! But with [NAME]!
Loved this moment. Also loved [NAME] face and [NAME] and [NAME] wedding when they kissed; so touched!
Oh she despises them
Took me a few time watching it to realize that was a man and not a child.
Wow such a story! This is great art. Can I find more stuff like this somewhere?
Yeah, i dont know bout you guys, but my parents were pretty anal about my room being clean.
How did they not know internets is a point reward in 4chan?
Because they enjoyhis music. Stop asking stupid questions in order to get attention
You guys are fools. This is gold.
She lied to all of us.
@JaredWyand @ilovetailgating the beak on that woman is almost as shocking as the low IQ of her followers.
Thanks I will check that out.
She sort of left under the appearance that she had just been beaten up, like she was fleeing. That narrative has changed.
@crimsonwulfe it's super sad!! Especially when you are talking to a real person and not a bot! Makes it feel real :(
So I tried to give her time to sober up, while waiting at the our friend's house. 2 hours later, gal wake up out her nap to vomit again.
"Muscles? You mean blood balloons?"
Nope. Glad we came out with the W
lol..You're not getting [NAME] or any of the young core..
The weirdest part is the underwear. My mom wouldn’t even let me and my sister share underwear. Something something hygiene.
Lol I love this flair
Tears and eyes can dry but I won't, I'm burning like the wire in a lightbulb
If you don't like it, you didn't have to comment. Just let people be happy.
Steeler 4 life lol
That’s what we keep trying to tell TSCC!!! ;)
They're definitely just after quick free sex Words mean nothing.. all in the behaviour/actions.
You're right :) It's not all about aim though Anyways, [NAME] hard to hit lol D:
no it's just about the clone skin changes.
This sentence has a very different meaning in Australia.
this definitely fits in r/BoneAppleTea.
You gonn give me one of dem?
I'm not rotting, I'm drinking.
They also had to flush out my eyes ( which i had had closed the ENTIRE time ) cause they had glass in them.
Omg if WOW sue’s her then my depression would be cured and I’ll have my jush
I strongly agree
You should stop visiting it then no?
We have a lot of people flying in and out of the country. No change to the usual lines, so not bad at all.
I don't think he was going to catch that bus if he didn't hit the pole.
That's interesting I can definitely relate. I ask going to ask if people are cis too but I didn't wanna confound gender with sexuality
I could drive my fucking van through there!
@ThatBritishDude no okay you don't not need to be going out of your way to make sure you are pleasing everyone do what makes you happy
Sweaty little incel virgin
Would love a weapon selection thing for him where you can choose whether to have lightning or a saber for each hand
I actually realize this today. Woke up, swept the floor and the bathroom, have being amazing all day long.
His watch has ended
True, I am not a fan of [NAME] or anyone really. I did not mean to make so many people mad.
I’m not sure you watched it.
What pieces of gear are they? That’s my dream build. Like what gear combination for head, arms, chest, weapons, etc
I run both, use my bl, next chase, dh. Even with exhausted, bl has that stagger reduction, so you can kite killers
Totally fair. I would be sad in your situation. :( I hope you find it. You're not wrong to want those things!
What. The. Actual. Fuck. *Gags*
Close to the end of a revision...taking this story I love in a new direction has been exhilarating for me. #endlesspossibilities #amwriting #endlesspossibilities #amwriting
#Charlotte's #young &amp; #restless; I applaud ur fire bt always b respectful of authority, police, elders, parents. Violence, not the way 🙏🏽✌🏽️ #charlotte #young #restless
are you short ? maybe your toilet is too tall causing the seat to cut circulation
Their faces tho, LOL
Ok dude!
huh. if there’s no pain, you’re fine. maybe just use spray on like axe or something to detour the smell
eun: im really unhappy with this and i dont like her like that pls dont\n\nyall: okay but SHE loves HIM
> You have no shame. This is just more Ad Hominem FFS! You really can't help yourself, can you?
Thanks for the help!
Foundation by [NAME] is a great short read.
I'm scared to do these cuz the S.A.G.E. told me I was a transvestite
I’m just here for the historic screenshot. [NAME] is going down in flames!!
San Diego is fucking awesome! This is coming from someone who lives in arguably the best place to live in Canada
I'm from Lebanon and have been supporting Celtic since 2006 ! Glad to see there are other people from around the world here !
For a super interesting participatory democracy example, [NAME] has a fantastic vid on YouTube about Cuban democracy.
@bijayjanand\nIt's not just a treat for viewers to watch u as janak, it's simply a treat for our soul, mind, thoughts. #hearty respect 🙏🙏 #hearty
They can reimburse travel but won’t return, yet demand paid quarantine. Using vile slurs like “H*n country” and “comfort women.” Ignoring lockdowns, spreading the virus — absurd.
I support the most likely to win left wing option, you rather that [NAME] wins?
@CNN &amp; @donlemon must be rejoicing ovet #Charlotte protests. \n#NorthCarolina #charlotte
I can only assume the island is called the Spanish word for purgatory.
I squeeze my eyes shut to stop the replaying of frames I've just witnessed, tighten my legs, and point my toes which I always do when I want to come.
This is absolutely perfect
I imagined this whole scene in my head with you played by a young [NAME]. Brilliant.
Shut up and stop trolling. You're not funny
It’s funny because this is the summary of most discussion posts on this sub
??? Like a duck on a June bug?
He insisted on a monogamous break and I agreed.
I was about to reach out to mine - this situation is nearly the same and your post just saved me from a huge mistake! Thank you
That’s nothing compared to some days from the 70’s and 80’s.
No, no, please don’t make me see [NAME], please!
i also cried
But, for the time being, its hilarious.
I just want to say once you take action, stay safe!! Good luck. It’s the best to leave.
Pull your fucking pants up oh my god
NFL level catch
@MisterAK47 it's very telling that racist bigots always resort to the insult 'fag' like that's worse than being a racist bigot.
I love her so much
@bassekraah. @sunilddesai @jyoti1013 @Archnahr . A2: #irritation and isolation #lifenabler #irritation #lifenabler
[NAME] finally getting WCW going I see..
Fuck the cubs
I think they’re gonna keep her a surprise.
I miss being little 😭😭😭
I was so worried for the kitty the whole story.
and left my eyes to cry.
Being in a 3 person friend group fucking sucks sometimes m8 I feel like the least loved a lot of the time
I'm loving his new mask. Looking like a snack over there 😍🤤
@rsiereilly my heart did the flutter
What does Obamacare have to do with that? [NAME] dropped the employer mandate because he was afraid that [NAME] wouldn't like it.
I didn't mean for that to sound racist I just mean those [NAME] in the article
At least she's not a dirty little hamster.
That was what our media guys said but he is now 1/3 in the shootout (was 1/2). No clue how they butchered that one so badly.
I'd just go w/ a thank you and some question like how u doin or somethin 🤔
@Spotted_H0rse I'm spry, though
You dirty abo
It's my dream to one day have a completely black wardrobe. For now, I'm stuck with the clothes my mom picks out for me.
One of my favorite post fight moments, [NAME] is a funny guy.
Yep, that's the crap my ex husband used to pull. I ended up divorcing him, after 20 years tho.. Not soon enough 😏
was i replying to you, you fucking degenerate? off yourself ( in game ofc )
Well one of them is a dirty kimono wearing weirdo
Really? Wow. You’re either hopelessly ignorant or you’re trolling. For your sake, I hope you’re trolling.
We love you!!!!! And we would love if you still made them
And no fall damage
So happy for your strong stance and to help him on his way out of your life.
But we love how they enslave, rape and decimate civilizations in the name of [NAME]. You guys just don’t get it and are probably racist.
One more pos to add to the heap.
Going through a divorce right now. Her saying "I love you and maybe we should go to counseling" would make me more than happy.
This changes everything.
That's damn impressive
There is no your reality. There is only your delusion.
Idk why, but this is the one I love at restaurants
I've never heard of them until now, maybe that's why?
:). I got you brotha. Dame says hi
I'm just living through you as you use shower comebacks in real life. Glorious...
Not an ulcer (canker sore), like literally a tastebud
Polls are closing now! If you're waiting to vote, stay in line! Results should be in shortly!
me taking a picture by myself: *awkward smile*\nme on picture day: *awkward smile*\nconclusion: stop smiling ;'(\n#pictureday2016 #smile #ornot #smile #ornot
Wait, you have friends that love you? You're gonna be okay dude. I promise.
Weird we’ve seen leftist harass and attack elder people and elder veterans but it doesn’t become mainstream news. I wonder why that is
Texas, I'm really just mad at myself for not double checking. But now I have a year to find something better
Out of town then, too. I blocked 3/21. W00t!!!
I enjoy fixing problems. I think of it as a task that I can achieve. People get to overworked when they set too unreachable goals.
Really? I thought he hated Mou.
4th generation representing!
Is it just me or does [NAME] drop his stick a lot more often than any other goalie?
Good luck and wear condom
Presenting as a guy because you're not fully out yet, and still being read as a woman by a stranger.
[NAME] looking like [NAME] out there
OK name it. It will help. As for as merc is concerned, no worries reached tier one already
Oh wow, that was a serendipitous ending! The weed saved her life.
that sucks, good luck next time!
That theater is huge
I know I’ve said this before, but give the money to a charity, for the love of puppies!
Thanks. I unlocked them 5 min ago. Just placed them in front of driving tanks and killed some infantry with the MG‘s.
Funny coming from the party that is #1 in killing babies. #1
I didnt have a single black teacher in my 15 years of schooling. The area defenintly plays a part in that but it's still a bit shocking.
Damn that’s a lot of reposts!
Your point? That doesn't mean it had 2 of EVERY FREAKING LAND MAMMAL on it!
I fully support this
mibr losing to faze
That's a Russian pun, which is super easy. Also, inferior to [NAME] "In Soviet Russia..." jokes.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @iamjustinburke #lively #musically #lively #musically
[NAME] never suited up for a Dodger affiliate.
Ah, the frigid winds of teen rebellion...
too cold hurts my teeth, so i just drink whatever comes out of my sink
Just replace guys kissing with sexy [NAME]
This is why nobody takes feminism seriously!
Dont mind him/her, they have decided that anything which kinda speaks against the whole Apartheid is to blame for everything for the next 150 Years is bad.
Unfortunately international students see studying here as a pathway to citizenship.
I would love to hear yours u/jellyjellyspace You posted a pretty unique topic
I watch his YouTube stuff. It's gross!
Thank you for that statement.
Yeah it ringed a bell but i wasn't sure of the church
This is how I bought zilliqa. In a whisky induced blackout. We are twim, you and I.
sadly it would take wayyyyyy more than this to ever change custody agreements. documenting it for her own sanity is a good idea, though.
I see you flaired it with help,so what do you need help with
I wish i could upvote more than once
Yeah... but did you know he was undrafted out of Minnesota State?
What does having sex with someone you don’t love have to do with anything? People do that shit all the time.
If an addict gets clean of booze/drugs, you congratulate them! What a horrible crabbycrab to try to shut down someone who got their addiction under control.
[NAME] bless u
Just be glad he didn't make you wear it.
And she wouldn't give it to him. Poor fellow.
you don’t have to wake up if you don’t sleep to begin with. problem solved
#Scorpio always seek revenge! #scorpio
I do have few friends from there and it's a lovely nation too.
Wow this is supee trashy. How did it get to front page?
Increase in robberies on pot shops. I really hope not though.
Hahaha, FUCK
lol, not a bad idea I could always ~~use more easy money from you suckers~~ help the community
Oh look a [NAME] flair why am I not surprised
That's me every damn time
It's 538 what did you expect?
That is really awesome you found something like that for him. Have a great time.
i'll get my revenge soon
♪OLD FISH
On Oct 11, 2018, Renji Hospital (Shanghai) ER doctors Chen Jie & Chen Qi violated procedure — ignored hematology consult, failed to order transfusion or monitor labs, neglected duty of disclosure, causing my mother’s death after 3 days. Health Commission shields them, no investigation or penalty yet.
It’s only missing a line that says “who was born in June” for absolutely no reason
JUST STOP IT ALREADY!
Thank you! I was hoping somebody wpuld post that video since I couldnt think of what to search for.
My day was ok, I’ve just been watching YouTube and on twitter.
Is your brother incel? Is your dad upset you came out ugly?
Didn't notice the date, sorry.
That's definitely sexism, same with that ad
Maybe crotch-thrusting "power pose" on top of the White Cliffs will scare them all away?
@khloe_speaks sad music
Breath little dude, breath.
Yep. First Monday of 2019.
Anti-vaxxers should have a convention where they can die out afterwards
Not sure if very professional image journalist or avid porn enthusiast but good job all the same!
No one cares
In looking at the questions answered in the AMAs following the [NAME] podcast, I don't see any related to [NAME] or race/IQ.
Thanks for the link, my email indeed was breached it says. I’m just not sure what this exactly means.
this is magnificent
I have a 1080ti and an i7 8700k and on very fast at 40k bitrate I'm already hitting 50% cpu usage on obs alone, any suggestions?
I'll be shocked if humanity makes it to 2100. But yeah. It's a miracle I'm alive since I had the toe on the trigger.
Haidian violates national rules—creates admission barriers, even forces vaccines on kindergarten and elementary kids.
It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.\n#funny #pun #punny #hilarious #lol #pun #punny #hilarious #lol
I mean, a lot of animals I've seen get terrified of regular stuffed animals, imagine having your fears super sized like that
I get wound up over completely imagined conversations too 😅 I'm trying to meditate and learn to stop myself from going down the rabbit hole.
I like this person.
disappointing click of the day
Grado SR80e is what I have, $100 and the best headphones I’ve ever put on
Mine were huge. I wasn't comfortable until I had them reduced. Now they're awesome.
Oh man, the crab brigade hit this thread *hard*
Patti seems so sad. She stamped and ran behind the sofa. We will have to give her plenty of love and affection...more than usual. #sad #sad
Wow, Canada’s yellow vests are way cooler.
Because she wanted to look at the American girls lol
Gatling guns hurt so much it can be like instant death with no way to react
Kudos to TC for benching Bruce. He isn't helping the team, so he rides pine. We have games to win. Discussion over. #Mets #mets
No quite sure how Craig Gordon's stayed on the park there !!
Unfortunately for [NAME], when [NAME] meet her on the battlefield, his machete will not hesitate.
We're more concerned with this mysterious group of r/atlantahawks sleeper agents downvoting [NAME]
Last time i knew stealing posts from other people wasnt a rule
Yeah but it is what it is. Apparently I wasnt as clear as I could have been either.
I am inexplicably excited by [NAME]. I get so excited by how he curls passes
lol, [NAME] i hope not
We sacrifice them both to [NAME] and throw them in the Baler!
He actually did, couldn't believe it.
Panic attacks are the worst. Feeling really sick and still shaking. I should be a sleep.  #depression #depression
This isn’t true right? That would be incredibly funny
I am interested if still available. This would be way more fun then my smith center season!
Too slow, I already found it ;) It is a great ad though.
I really hope we win tomorrow. .500 halfway through the season would be insanely satisfying... also I want to win lol
I can do this, but after the last one, I fall to the floor and vomit on myself
why not? standing to me isn’t as everything i need is on the floor lol
I see, Unfortunately I don't think equity has ever turned out well in history. Humans have tried many times and failed with catastrophic consequences.
The emojis in the background. Wtf lmao
Anyone here know what kind of rifle he's carrying? Looks like an Israeli Galil but I'm not sure.
My eyebrows raise as I smile, ` Ready for the second shot?
Ego is a hell of a drug
A lot of LGBT people I know just love D&D. Especially since character creation is just everything they want about self-expression and then some.
Even farting after I shower makes me want another shower
Some people are lucky! Def ask your daughter.
Spaceballs the suit case nuke, the kids love this one.
If if just didn't have the punchline poisoning title...
Wait, he’s not actually saying that? 🤯 I must’ve crafted my post with too much... SUBTLETY.
It's like [NAME] said, man. You look for the guy that benefits, and uh... You know, uh...
I'm sure the two young sons of [NAME] are comforted by the fact that the cops involved didn't want to kill an unarmed man.
@PediMGHHMS3 sickle cell if right pt background. Or could be JIA or an allergic reaction to a bite e.g. bee sting among others.
Okay this is racist fear mongering. I got it now thanks.
When my Dad ([NAME] all the way) is Tsar of the Earth I'll have him make doxxing a crime with mandatory sentencing to terrible things.
The humidity in Sydney is worse.
This is alright, but [NAME] deserves a higher rating
Why can't I get Hulu in Canada yet!! So annoying
I frequently have issues with these large temperature swing but it has to due with allergy pollen activation.
Imagine being bitter when your bias is dating &amp; sending threats to their partner. Like why? That's nasty. And they don't even know you exist
Wanna pop some pills, sedate myself, and wake up tomorrow.
Thanks, never heard that one.
What if.... the Metro LRT went over the Walterdale?!?! 😂 #yeg #levity #yeg #levity
HELL YEAH!!! And in only 7 months?? That’s such an achievement!
mm nothing like a good old fashioned panic induced cry on your living room floor
ALL ABOARD THE HYPE TRAIN!
Happy Together. It feels so natural.
I want to clarify that I am NOT scared. I punched the mirror because it looked at me wrong.
Don't worry, I forgive you.
So I got up and tried him again.
same thing similar with my job.
I cried reading your last posts. I’m so sorry about what happened. I hope you are able to make a change in their system.
According to Skyrim, me and 90% of the population are inner stealth archers.
Who ever said [NAME] was the true pope.
Like i said he has only asked us once and this is 13 days before our rental agreement ends
His delivery when he’s on just radio or a video has always bugged me. But his blogs are entertaining.
Even if it was true, what would they actually gain from misrepresenting the data?
This is great news. Congratulations!
It’s got to be embarrassing at this point
what happened to that uk transfer they picked up, haven't heard much about him
Last time I tried exposure at the grocery store I ended up with eight weeks community service.
He will regret nothing I'm sure
How about "Your rich, you should use some of your wealth to seek professional help. I wish you the best of luck."
I'm not surprised someone asked that. Good [NAME], people are stupid.
Luckily from him, there is no death penalty in Brazil and the maximum a person can serve in a Brazilian jail is 20 consecutive years.
Thanks for the response!
If people were downvoting due to the perceived insensitivity of it, then I guess I understand.
You obviously never seen the MLS playoffs, they make cubo [NAME] look like [NAME].
Well done, OP. Thanks.
What happened when [NAME] shutdown the government?
On the off chance that [NAME] is the best player in the ENTIRE league?
What church do you work at
Those ads actually make me feel bad for financial advisors gouging clients with excessive fees.
At least they were nice enough to cut the stinger off.
Ty. I confessed and they are being very nice to me. My kids are safe and me going to therapy is a plus now.
This has been reposted so many times the photo is degrading.
Her accent!! I died.
Not surprising since about 85% of all dating relationships end in a break up.
Damn, still hoping...
@Callidissima @ahouseingotham wrath of khan is one of the best movies of all time
@markhberman2003 @LanceZierlein @790blessing entire team from coaches on down played and coached scared from jumpstreet.
The emblem on the left looks like a killer mrs puff from spongebob.
it breaks my heart though that someone could be that selfish to make their dog live in so much pain and suffering.
SE 89th just north of Brooklyn St is one of the worst I've driven.
This communities inability to understand sarcasm is absolutely awe inspiring.
Yes. He was. Fuck off with your bullshit double standards.
MRW someone asks me what that new annoying app that's always advertising on Youtube is.
This is kind of fucked up, but my brother is about to join the police academy....and I'm not happy about. And I'm not the only one.
Definitely, I also get suspicious when someone tries to be my friend which doesn’t help
Dying because of too much vitamin c sounds odd, since it's water soluble iirc
And here I thought it was just my phone... damn what a horrible site.
You know, that never occurred to me! So keep cool in summer, warm in winter?
No. EDIT: Shoutout to the fat nerd who downvoted every comment in this thread just because we don’t stan the dancing games lmao
dudes jelly. keep your distance.
Lol definitely not
So I'm not ugly I'm hideous
Thanks GM & Ford!
Haha, that’s meeee!
I will definitely check that artist out, if there is something that can lift me up a little bit, it's new music.
Well what is she gonna do, climb over the wall?
Time flows and years pass—time is the most merciless thing in this world. It won’t wait, pity, or favor you. Cherish what you have now and once had, live well, and leave no regrets in life!
Never mind the delays. Fish, unlike Wine or cheese doesn't improve with age.
Bad execution but it made me smile through the cringe. The sentiment is definitely relatable.
Happy Birthday @Brooke56_56  #cheerchick #jeep #jeepgirl #IDriveAJeep #jeepjeep #Cheer #cheerchick #jeep #jeepgirl #idriveajeep #jeepjeep #cheer
So this means the people who have debt can see those that don’t. Am I sensing an easier target for muggings and such?
Young [NAME] works to hard for his name to be slandered like this.
The world needs more laughter, more love, and a little more of you. - R.M Drake.
Oh, don't cry.
Interesting. My AP is probably more my opposite than my SO.
I agree and I’m a man haha
Otherwise it would be a terrible disservice to the NHL
> extreme poverty is re emerging in the west. lol
Would've Been Sober For About 2 Years Now.
Sounds epic man
The other ending in the therapists office was the best in my opinion. Very White Bear-ish
we are at !CURSED! levels of cursed
I found some very interesting things on the mind shock podcasts about questions I had. Enjoy the digging in the reddit hole.
Heather that was #hilarious! @MsHeatherBates @pattonoswalt @chrishansen #AnthonyWeiner #15gets20 #NYC #hilarious #anthonyweiner #15gets20 #nyc
@T_newhouse13 as granny would say I don't know how to chirp
Will come back rich and driving his goddamn Bentley
I gave up trying to be 'normal' years ago. But I get your point though.
lmao i love [NAME] what a legend somebody who really doesn't care what the public thinks i wish i could be like him
This is fantastic! What an incredible gesture. Given the current fears British [NAME] are currently living under, this is a very welcome bit of news.
@kingcharles9th i Lowkey forgot you had twitter and if you don't follow me back im gonna be
Don't you understand, the people affected are [shuffles deck] able to get a 0% loan until the shutdown is over.
#nana 4 hoco bc my dream since freshman year awe 😙❤❤❤ @thecandeyman #nana
That’s scary
Wow I’m dealing with this too been blocked for a while miss them tremendously but no dice only choice is moving on
Man being unattractive in appearance has pretty much taken any joy out of my life
They look the same way fighting as I do dancing
I don't what the coaching staff is telling our players, but we are playing neither smart nor hard on defense
Thanks you!
Yes what the fuck is going on here
You will watch porn again, don't try to fool me
I just get sad when I see people commenting on articles and videos about him that they think he's on drugs.
Or just head on to Galleon's Grave. I just hate Dagger Tooth.
[NAME] and [NAME], are hands down my favourite AC characters.
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN [NAME]?
WE'RE ON OUR WAY WE'RE ON OUR WAY TO BAKU, WE'RE ON OUR WAY!
Thanks a million, because I was very much thinking the opposite hahaha
Oh, because his sideburns were shaped like stars!
@Dominos_UK worst thing is i have confimation from them
Delightfully devilish, [NAME].
Tell them you Reddit while you poop. No one will dare question your bowel movement and you'll be free to share the story!
Toy department hype! So hard to keep from using caps!
Can't wait to move out of the city so I can get a gun. No gun city living sucks
The cure for anxiety is an intimate relationship with Christ. - 1 John 4:18 #anxiety #anxiety
lovely! the real grass and metal roses compliment each other.
You know what they say, when everyone around you is and asshole, maybe it's you who is the asshole.
Wish you could choose to just have two bottles of the Pinot Grigio.
Yep...this sub blasted me for hating the casey hire and still refuses to admit his big faults
You're an uneducated twat.
Man that movie is such a classic
Your cat is the best thing I've read all day. Take care of your cat!
You mean the festival up in the domain?
I don't really see what the point of this post is.
Massive overlap. I have been vegan for 10 years and anti birth around the same time for the reasons you note.
Then be happy for that. If you gave friends that means they care and you can build off that yo have a decent life.
And that smilie she gave the fiancé when he sat down with the sandwich....I would be scared if I was him.
This is creepy.
No no this is true. A very redeeming quality. Them [NAME] like their water crisp and cold.
There were two attempts. They didn't launch very well
Sun Yang disrupted Western dominance in swimming, and so many people here got upset — truly pathetic.
November #canola lost $5.50 to $464.20 per tonne. #canola
How the hell
Not trolling. Anger issues. I'm sorry for previous comments.
I forget my friends and families names on the regular....
backed pats -2.5 10/11 just before
The video’s fine; the strategy isn’t. As a national drink with great quality, why insist on suggestive ads? That’s why people are frustrated — it’s for everyone, stop fixating on breasts. Refusing to change loses dignity.
Worst radio ever.
I can't remember a time during my early childhood where I didn't dress up like my mom and almost break my little ankles in her heels
Yeah, right.
finally leaving my first job soon. i've been working here since i was 16. going to be kind of bitter sweet
Oh, also forgot to add, LOTION! ALWAYS lotion afterwards. It only makes your skin smoother!
Not in Oregon anymore. They raised the legal age to buy smokes to 21, which, as a smoker, I think is a great idea.
“Fall in love with at least one physical, one artistic, and one intellectual pursuit” — This is great advice! Thank you 😊
i don';t know about that, it's probably aliens.
Mammy ah fargat me passpart ah have te go down te rowckets and get a canny coke for wan fofty hi
I know, I know. I wish Reptile had a better fate.
Sad thing is, I wanted to, but I’m stupidly awkward...
That sounds kinda crazy. I bet you voted for [NAME]
u sound like u need more confidence
Ay, last time i popped my blisters yall got mad
@macmacm43 jeezus God #dark #dark
She ran a laughably bad Senate campaign in 2014 and hasn’t gotten positive PR since. Not too worried.
✨you make me happy @EthanDolan @GraysonDolan✨
Ayyy 6 days !
They keep teasing us with royal blue. It seems like it’s unofficially confirmed that they’re switching their color scheme back
u fucked up
[NAME] must be so disappointed with that deepfakes ban.
It is not the ring. (I hope that you will be more relaxed now, but I’ve to be honestly, it is a fucking lie)
He a cute sneck
@AshleyCWilson @MrDavidHobbs @IndyCaronNBCSN Glad the TV coverage was so successful because the attendance looked pretty dismal.
THIS BULLSHIT DOESN'T EVEN MATTER. SIGNATURE WIN. [NAME] SMELLS LIKE SHIT AND DOESN'T RECYCLE.
Sometimes a guy just wants to unwind and get nose deep in some chocolate starfish man
Well ya but it's kinda too late for that unfortunately
Roots reggae or Dub 👊
[NAME] that's rough. Thanks for explaining
[NAME] with 8 mins, [NAME] with 30. Disagree.
You know I asked once and he was livid. But sometimes I wonder.
#nobody #understand what #advocate mean if you do then use it #right #never be #afraid so #positive word is. I can that is #POWERFUL #nobody #understand #advocate #right #never #afraid #positive #powerful
I don’t know anything about Israeli politics except that [NAME] is awful and I hope he loses.
Sorry but this looks like from a Tumblr fetish fanfiction site. I don't think it belongs here.
Talking about my feelings.
Why? im not familar with the situation. This is the best Nebraska team in decades from what i can see
Already plotting next steps if I get cut off by the same minivan in tomorrow's drop-off line. #preschoolpolitics #momthings  #preschoolpolitics #momthings
This. It seems he's undoubtedly [NAME] preferred option.
Congrats on coming out
... Oh dear gods, no...
Worst advice ever. This would piss me off.
Hmmm, mildly interesting :)
I understand your point, but I prefer if we did not consider that.
i'll take 2
Might as well try though! Have a good day bro!
There is going to be an adjustment period at first for sure, but [NAME] would definitely help our defense.
r/sprainedankles... I found it once, and I wish I could unsee.
The Russian goal is division. You know, the exact sort of division these people are willingly participating in.
We have [NAME] in Iowa, too bad this story doesn't affect US stores, I would be driving the extra distance to support these guys
Stick to smoking and snorting! Nobody OD's from doing a line of fentanyl. /s
[NAME] is honestly really badass and he has a great design I hope they give him something good to do in 11
it didn't impress me but it didn't depress me'
Man I really need to get back into this show
I'm kinda in this same boat as OP and currently learning to code to become a web developer. Wondering if this field is compatible with ASD .
This absurd feeling is like seeing American serial killers with dozens of victims still having people wanting to marry them.
I feel like it looked like Ru was well meaning at first but after 10 years we sort of see the formula lol
Game still "fun" if you don't tryhard and play on QM but some people are trolling on other mode and that's Can be hard for nerv.
What do you know about art
yeah, there's even more registered online. scary.
You can't simply shut a baby up, lol
Stop calling him a mama’s boy or arrogant. True or not, everyone has flaws. As long as he didn’t take stimulants, support him. Haters, go chew bones — stop mindless bashing.
Haha haha! Excellent
Speaking of this — a way to tell if haters watched the movie: it clearly says China opposed the lottery plan and 50% underground scheme — against its founding goal. But since many countries wanted it, it passed. Haters insisting otherwise clearly didn’t watch.
Ah. Yea, the classic loner looking for compliments. Seems pretty edgy
I'm sorry you have to deal with this. My mom does the same anytime she loses something. She accuses people of stealing whatever she lost.
We, #Indians, can hold our heads up high and stay unafraid. The #UNGA is well-informed about #Pakistan's #terrorism business and deception. #indians #unga #pakistan #terrorism
What a shame... she was passing really well too...
I have that, but my room is right next to my fridge, so that's it.
He's seriously so frustrating sometimes! (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ #ugh  #ugh
Disgusting, but fascinating.
lol back in the day before the rise of BitTorrent, Russian ISPs used to run DC (DirectConnect) hubs
Ah what a bummer! Better kill them herons & spoonbills!
They’re saying it was a sick barista
And evidently [NAME] has a weak stomach. Ha.
Damn liberals!
Haha - even the [NAME] don’t want you! Ha-hah.
Same. Even while not on my period I have lower back pain
I only meant it in kindness, I’ve loved this country so far. You’re all so damned friendly here
I never thought this fatality fit him, unlike [NAME] or [NAME].
I wish that I could do this and have someone genuinely care, and have it not be a therapist cause I can't afford it.
On BBC Parliament: "Brussels will be watching this as well." Will they? Do they have a TV Licence?!
But how does he.....but where will he......can he even........fuck it I’m out
I had to put Bird Box because it's the only direct to streaming movie I saw. I feel dirty.
Well it looks like I am going to spend at least a year renting to check the city out
I also love that her correction was wrong. But all the bustling millinery on The Island can do that to a person.
If it's used as an excuse to fuck the onchain throughput, it is.
Replacing pillows often is also important. Buy more less expensive pillows. I love pillows from Ikea.
Chronicles of Elyria seems interesting
Easy answer - nobody knows. And knowing my country we will probably leave it to the last possible moment and then have an “oh shit” moment.
Now THAT'S a victory royale :)
Absolutely love this song, up there as one of my favorite fav frank songs
Thanks for the kind words but some things are in fact permanent. Still I appreciate your reply. Thank you.
Wow I can't wait to use okcupid to get myself a nerd/loser girlfriend who'll eventually become fat
That sounds exactly like polos
Goodness, If you carry on saying mean things like that you might just hurt my feeling.
I like it so far I’d heard of it ages ago just never got round to watching it.
That guy at the start with the hat reminds me of [NAME]
That’s not true at all. I play on xbox and you can’t Loot teammates you or any squad mates kill.
Basically. My step dad didn't choose to break his back and his knees. The whale chose to overeat and become obese
5 is absolutely average. 6 would be kinda cute but nothing special. Kinda annoys me that so many people rate 5 as being lowkey ugly lol
Damn, and now this GIF has become bittersweet. I really wanted him to become a revolutionary icon.
2016 was also the worst year of my life
I’ve thought about it... if my next job doesn’t really make me happy. My wife is all for it.
Your twitter picture just makes me fume.
This is the mildest of mild burns Title should be "guy didn't know other guy was British"
$8 million in box office doesnt do this movie justice. Political or not, #SnowdenMovie is a terrific thriller and love story. @Snowden #snowdenmovie
There’s an obvious implication that it’s ok for them to act that way *because* they are boys, not girls.
Depends on this being a small town or not.
This is awesome! Saw you on r/entwives and pmd you btw! Congrats!
You can just go to their subreddit and there's a lot of things people are saying that we've been saying all these years.
Thanks - Glad I did not waste the money / gold
Kernel panic = sweating, sneezing, hiccuping, snot, tears, crying. Clearly my body has an issue with chilli.
I don’t like [NAME] in the slightest but I hate [NAME] even more. Get her Belcalis
Then it would have been removed. Don't assume my thoughts. I cringed. I posted.
I remember swinging on the swings one day when I was in elementary school.
Drop it off at a tent city or homeless camp. I've done it with an old Adirondak chair and they seemed to love it.
Yeah it's unexpected but I have to remove this because it's not satire or gatekeeping.
Of those affiliated with TFSA? Not heard about that. I do recall there being a general amnesty to those involved in looting though...
If you had to think of a way to survive this how the hell would you. Damn
I agree because the issues run much deeper. In your opinion what would be the best way to deal with it? Regulation?
.@POTUS Obama describes his temperament as 'steady &amp; on the buoyant side.'
After five years she realizes that's not for her? No offense but thats a long time to do so.
Doesn't matter if hes in this sub, hes sliding into your girl's DMs rn!
Man it was that long since the [NAME] days? Damn time flies
I sure hope so! Otherwise, I've been in the wrong sub.
That is a bad reason to come back to her. Better to be alone for the right reasons than be with someone for the wrong reasons.
What’s so bad about this again? I mean he’s right for the most part.
hmm today i will listen to death and destruction
When it's right under my nose I can't see what's what.
I am confusion.
But I held off a group of runners that were breathing down my neck for the rest of the race and finished third overall.
Phoenix and Orlando are teams I hear sniffing around [NAME] in free agency. Both make sense.
Neither of them looked good in the grimes beef lol
i was angry.
Yes, they suck for making a profit off of people who are proven to be high risk. How dare they!
All this water gets poured directly in my face but I noticed it didn't hit my eyes and thats when I realized I Was wearing sunglasses inside!
A fly is a very tiny thing. But put it in someone’s soup a lot of attention.
Don't fucking tag me in pictures as 'family first' when you cut me out 5 years ago. You're no one to me.
Agree, I love her so much
BASED AND REDPILLED
This too shall pass In 10 years this could turn out to be the best thing that has ever happened to you.
this made my day/night. thank you
Aha! This is my fear, that the gloss over key elements because they want to target a wider audience!
Am I the only one who can't get the sound to work?
Personally I'm wondering why our OP didn't go with the clone angle. That's way more insane than them just being sent to prison.
Do not grow weary in doing good. The treadlines are better than deadlines.' @billclinton #CGI2016 #cgi2016
This!!!! Just. THISSSS.
Wonder what [NAME] [NAME] thinks about all this
the into is the real cringe - good find!
The whole store erupted into cheering and applause.
Makes me want to go shit on the doorstep of 540 Hampshire Street (Good2go HQ)
Laughing in spitfire mk va.That plane is amazing Especially on breakthrough
Never fear the want of business. A man who qualifies himself well for his calling, never fails of employment.
😭😭 okay. You’re right! I should just like make ice cream at home and get over it.
i mean.... i do and all. but the automatic assumption was still a zinger.
From what I remember, a lot of the leafs fans had [NAME] from 8.5-9.25. I can’t recall someone saying 10+
thats why I wear my mute button out.
Twins.. my first time having having a child and I get twins. This is gonna be a ride lol
We walk out to the dance floor and find two reasonably attractive girls and we each choose one to dance with.
Yes!!!! Great weekend. As others have said, I can now enjoy the rest of the playoffs
Yum!!! I love almond milk!! 🤗
I didn't realize being in my late 20s qualified me as a senior citizen, where do I get my AARP card?
Lol looking through old posts of .53 being the year of release 😒
Ya shitty. But people cheat. I dont know what to tell you 🙃 the world sucks. Just live your life
Still salty about that fire alarm at 2am this morning.
21 million went to [NAME] throughout his tenure…ridiculous
I love that you have such a great relationship with your brother. Your parents seem pretty great too; if a bit exasperated by you in particular : )
I noticed this while watching it and cracked up... it was so cringey! It was after they watched their wedding montages.
@cc_yandian @HillaryClinton her team must draw from a hat for daily personality #drugged  #yeller #quiet #screamer #😂😂 #drugged #yeller #quiet #screamer
Thank you new best friend.
Where's your helmet?! Gotta love helmets.
If you were to ask me how my 2016 went, I could go on and on but politics wouldn’t even come up once
I got the 4K Blu-Ray and the Mrs and I are convinced you see more than butt in that scene.
Guess you dont regard consent very much. We oughtta keep an eye on you
Vista tower is going to be such a cool addition to the skyline when the glass is installed!
I was chuckling the whole time I read this, I would have loved to be there
He wasn't in beta, he's just played over a thousand games apparently.
That was such awful bandaid application. Like what the fuck.
I love the way you phrased that. I do believe she is terribly afraid to look inward at herself.
She opened the door of the moving vehicle, jumped out, and landed on her feet.
Man, I was wrong.
Pretty wild.
someone kik me @ montanashay_ \n #kikme  #kikme
[NAME] IS girl number 3
I like [NAME] chicken nuggets.
Leviticus 19:14\nYou shall not curse the #deaf or put a stumbling #block before the #blind, but you shall #fear your #God: I am the [1/2] #deaf #block #blind #fear #god
We ordered some food at Mcdonalds instead of buying food at the theatre because of the ridiculous prices the theatre has.
omg good bot
Last year I couldn’t go home for New Year due to the pandemic; this year still can’t—my hometown requires 14-day home or centralized quarantine plus 5 tests.
May no more heroes fall. There are no immortal warriors, only soldiers’ honor. Firefighters — live well, stay safe.
Wish my life was this easy :’) Lets just hope she didn’t kill you
Just think of it as set in an alternate universe where America didn’t just take independence but went back to England and established their own colonies there.
Very, but I also never really liked home to begin with so it's been more of a relief.
Honestly it sounds exhausting being married to him. Maybe it will be better for you in the long run.
I fucking love ten min power hour xD
60 young men standing around... "Look out that old native dude is coming right at us... DEFENSIVE POSITIONS SHIELDS UP!"
Buying Bitcoin at it's peak is the equivalent of people buy Fyre festival tickets. I'm glad I did neither
I love this! And I find myself thinking the exact same things. Soon...
IMO the car was mostly at fault for abruptly jumping into the other lane without signaling.
In Luoyang now, they pick you up after you reach home to take you to hotels for quarantine — what’s the point? Helping hotels hit year-end targets?
I mean, it'd be nice to see some other teams in the championship anyways, it's been Bama vs. Clemson 3/4 past years
This is so unsettling.
It's not ok when these people are only partisan in one direction. They have no leftwing equivalent to [NAME].
Yeah, the big thing I'm glad is he hasn't ballooned up.
Hate to be that guy, but that's not DDR, that's Pump It Up, the Korean DDR rip-off.
On march 25 2008 i broke my first bones i broke my hand and 1 finger so far but after i broke it i still went and played with my friends i never knew i broke it so i plsyed air soft and rode a motor bike it was fun then my mom was cureios so we went to the docters office and i got a thing like a half cast i broke my right hand so i cant write very well and its weird havin a splint thing.
And [NAME] would never cheat, either! For shame!
Well, I hope everything is going well in your retirement. Do your best to enjoy it :).
Mi Patio Mexican restaurant on 7th ave and Osborne. Their chimi is amazing.
Could you explain please? I understand each word, but not the sentence.
I'm starting to think im being rased by narcissists lmao
Because [NAME] had a foot injury that I think he sustained at practice for the second half of the year.
She probably just said it because it rhymes, sorry Op
I don't get that my parents literally don't see how unhappy I been lately
I wouldn't have #anger issues.....if she didn't have #lying issues.....think about that one. #pow #lies #confusion #anger #lying #pow #lies #confusion
ITT: People saying "I'm doing to get downvoted for this" and then not getting downvoted.
None of us had... And then, years later my brain had changed, quite immensely.
@Jpennifan OH sorry for your divorce but don't worry I will be a good wife then (no reference)
Literally shaking, I hope you're getting the support you need with the ptsd this has obviously caused.
Let people be into things you don’t understand.
I watched my team get deep dicked in the natty. I understand
He's a RFA this summer so we can keep him if we want. We definitely have the space for it.
I am glad that the message touched you, I really am.
And for those of us older 49ers fans, they used to be division rivals too!
"Smile Dude"
@Bridget_Delia @originalaubs omg that's terrible
Idk why you got downvoted but heres an upvote
No but it should be
Lmao "guys I was *coerced* into sending her a picture of my junk". That just sounds dumb as hell
Asshole w cash amount
Who [NAME] should fight next after AB
thanks, just sold my house to go all in
Fucking Instagram normies
Censoring criticism and discussion is a very slippery slope.
Praying for you. Willing to chat if you need it.
Lament a \nsaddened heart,\nso far &amp; \nyet so near,\nthe years so\ntough &amp; scarred,\nthis lonesome\nroad,\nstill feared! #depression \n\n#poetry #poem #depression #poem
[NAME], let's celebrate together, y'all will be the king of New York. Praise Marks.
lol... always someone to whine and complain. I guess the other countries on the Top 5 are perfect, eh?
$FOGO max pessimism here and no bottom (yet).  Has a solid PE ratio for a restaurant.  Let's catch it at 8 level or 10 level if it comes.
Change the initials to fake names. Was going to read but it’s too annoying.
I guess I should learn to just not open my mouth, because this morning when I woke up, I was in Minnesota!!
> neckbeards come out in droves defending their undeveloped/deformed masculinity. You're a disingenuous cunt.
He was born in Scotland so as much as I’d love him to run it’s not likely.
Halloween party coming soon! #turnt #ruinT #lit #firesauce #hotsauce #mildsauce #getsauced #champagnedreams #scary #haunt #kittens #turnt #ruint #lit #firesauce #hotsauce #mildsauce #getsauced #champagnedreams #scary #haunt #kittens
NSW Police have always being great with the current memes. I wouldn’t be surprised if it is a 15 year old running the page.
When the etiquette "shitpost" is 100% accurate
gotta say this n put it out there. whoever u r, u should support other people's decisions n not discourage them...
Fuck you bro
What fun is this?? I love it!
wouldn't you say [NAME] and [NAME] are part of the same generation?
I had a feeling...crazy what that guy can do to his body.
Please seek medical help
No. They can go through the same legal process my wife and I did before getting in that line, so they don’t get turned away.
i just came to make sure she was safe cause she said her parents gone. It can be dangerous ya know..
Mr [NAME], tear down this thread!
Your r/brogress post doesnt look dyel
Same. They responded really quickly like within an hour.
Also, the phone is set to another language than the one being spoken, which is a bit weird.
Hopefully [NAME] has a chance to get some decent Exotics as a free agent
I know 😢 it’s one of my life’s goals to see a moose in real life despite how terrified I will be lol!!
I apologize if I came across that way, it was not my intention. I meant only to state a fact.
Kid looks like he's about to cry
Occasionally. I prefer it but I feel obligated to do so.
Technically it’s the abdomen. Stomach and belly are just informal synonyms. That girl is a racist and an idiot.
i'm really disappointed this isn't a real sub because i know there are soo many good notes to go in there
I had season seats in 230 row 2 for a solid 5 years when the Pru just opened. Great view of the ice. Glad you had fun!
Its not the best state But its better than most states.
And whatever car he buys MUST have a strong Air Conditioning system. This is an absolute MUST here.
Finished watching — not a bad ending, everything wrapped up clearly. Seeing Gao Qiqiang eat dumplings before his execution made me cry.
don't you want [NAME]?
Yeah level 3 armor was so overwhelming and felt like you had no chance against it unless the player was really bad or you had more concussion grenades
I love PragerU r/pragerurine
As far as I know, she offered quick snack to all of them, just out of obligation and two of them accepted that.
Your friend is an idiot. You were the embodiment of Be More Kind. [NAME] bless you
Its definitely [NAME] fault for leaning into it though. Nobody’s pressuring her to have “Activist” in her Twitter bio.
"FROM THE DEPTHS OF HELL I STA--... SQUIRREL!!!"
They sure do love their fanfiction!
I can't tell if the is comfortable in that outfit
Round 2 #panic #pcola #panic #pcola
All star is a popularity contest voted by the fans. Stupid as fuck. [NAME] should be an all star this year
Rolled my eyes at some of the religious nuts I work with.
But he wanted to!
i’m fking crying lmaoooo
Do you mean artists?
THIS IS SO GOOD. Thank you!!!
I got used to it with Voltron, but I still yet to watch the last season.
Second quote is [NAME], I will Remember You. She's a great singer :)
Good [NAME], what a waste of [NAME] time. Wait, is [NAME] a nutritionist?? WUT?
@Lowetide there is no room for jokes in hockey! This is a serious business where we made up teams to fill out the tournament! #outrage #outrage
Nope, not really
That isnt sustainable.
Normally I need a change every year, but or the past six years or so, I've been changing my glasses every 2 since my eyes are slacking off some.
What media is this scene from?
I never want to see news about this person again — she makes me lose my values. Seeing her makes me want to stab and curse her.
I read this In his singing voice. Amazing.
No problem, good luck
I forgot to reply last night, I talked to Microsoft and their engineers were working on the issue. The store was just not installing for anyone haha
@simon_penn_r @AntisocialJW2 has turned into a rather fiery GG radical)
Thats a good way to lose any good will free agents might have about coming here. Promise them something in a deal and then immediately reverse course.
It was once was mine too. Im starting to use it again. :) It is so fucking beautiful,
Not the kind of webcams we can afford.
Respect for the homepod I got two of em. Arguably bit overpriced but it’s an amazing product
Wait u went to a hooker? I thought it was a massage person that was attracted to you
Can't believe I've only got 2 days off left 🙄 #backtoreality  #backtoreality
[NAME] is one of my favorite non dodger players, he’d make a great addition to the dodgers, hope they push for him
This is hilarious! Please share if she tells us what she thinks the difference is.
Wouldn’t that have to be mutual
The finest example of an egotistical, ignorant and racist piece of trash. Humans like this disgust me.
@All4 is the android app it designed to be buggy and work sporadically on a fire TV box?
sometimes im sad then remember Margaret Thatcher is dead and then i rejoice
Just got back from TWC, and they were great! Thank you. 90% they were fried. Will try these others next
...But I don't think you'll find that delving into the minutiae of criticisms here will enlighten you. With respect to my STC cohorts ;-)
Replace OG for [NAME] then, remove the pick, add [NAME] for salary. I love OG but [NAME] worth it
Shouldnt you be attacking immigrants on the trains about now [NAME]?
Does that violate the NAP or not, hmm🤔
Every single time a person has demanded to see an MD rather than me I have appreciated the dodged bullet. It's never fun for the physician.
LOL [NAME] you're too loveable for that. ♡
I highly doubt that the ChiSox offered him anything more than $210m. Either way it’s inexcusable for the yanks not to match
And when it's time to get him into violent videogames, just get him Viscera Cleanup Detail
Fair, although you'll get caught pretty easily like that
I know with all my heart that taking this job was the right thing to do.
Revolver is pretty beast tho, 2 shot close range
The scooters are fine. It's the people that are the problem.
Interesting, but I can't imagine it will be there long until someone steals or destroys it.
Also 45 billion for the opiod crisis is pennies, complete joke almost as hilarious as 65 billion for high risk pools! Itll #dryupquick #dryupquick
Not gonna happen, pure delusion I *aggressively* call this ridiculous bluff
E - Either we turn it around and make the playoffs or tank and [NAME] gets fired so win win right?
Me . Switched to badminton meantime.
Lol found the neckbeard
could you go a bit further on the unethical journalist practices that occurred?
The edit... what? Why is he playing on an account that was registered by someone else?
Now I see why it takes me 30 minutes extra to get home if I miss an exit.
When you live where it's this cold, incessant complaining is a national pass time.
[NAME]. I like those moments on Reddit when you understood the reference.
True. I don’t know the story [NAME] is talking about. I was just clearing a perceived misunderstanding.
I just can’t imagine he is as bad as that...it’s just hard to believe.
Acute services are just for that, for acute services. It sucks, but it's not your doctor's fault.
You're not the only one. I for one feel stupid for thinking 100t shouldnt be having problems with such an easy pool
@CazuaL_WeaR @ScottInSC looks like a book shaped like a gun to me  #itsagunalright #itsagunalright
Yeah I totally wasn’t going to until I saw this comment.
All this guy did was ask what a bronie was. I'm not understanding the hate
What the fuckkkkk burn itt
Linzi and I of course tried them, a decision that I immediately questioned after putting it in my mouth.
Just be GOOD at what you do, and fade the chase
Yes thank you
[NAME] hates us man. He’s a stone cold killer.
Yeah I bet they 'work hard' nowadays and took 'big risks' for their money.
I’m so sorry. Hang in there it’ll get easier.
Calling Hollywood...would make a great movie.☺
All women are useless - maybe if you made better choices it would be better for ya
BUT [RELIGION] MONKS DONT speak???
@JohnGDryden Gud morning sir,,keep smiling!
picked up a desk at a great price here. They have a good selection of furniture.
So @Ryanair site crashes everytime I try to book - how do they help? Tell me there's nothing wrong &amp; hang up #furious #helpless @SimonCalder #furious #helpless
Evening all. Don't forget it's #RobinHoodHour TONIGHT 🏹\n\n#bizitalk #bizhour #southyorkshire #MansfieldHour #chirp #sheffieldHour #NottsHour #robinhoodhour #bizhour #southyorkshire #mansfieldhour #chirp #sheffieldhour #nottshour
Not loving what I'm seeing so far, let's hope we can tighten it up.
That's the biggest annoyance I have with this sub the past year; how little people value [NAME]. I don't get it.
Well this is frustrating.
Right, seafoam. High of 16c today! There are always nudists at the beach, it seems. Not many, but a few hardy ones!
My phone was in the car while I was at the pool in NC and it happened to me guess I am actually in Australia
They can't find police for the streets in England, but somehow with Ireland they always find a way.
Love comparisons, huh? Is yours even valid? Stirring trouble? Why not compare foreign realities to ours?
Hmmmm this is so familiar but I can't quite put my finger on DJEEEOOOWWWOBRRRRBRBRBRRGRRRRRRDRRRRRRJRHRRJRRERHRJRGRHRRJRHRHRBRJ
one month til someone's bday and i think it's time to flaunt that I got them something pretty awesome #revenge #revenge
How do you play 180+ hours and not know that taunt is already a thing? (Pick a fight, ventriloqy)
Woops. I'll keep it that way. Never be tired AF and post on reddit y'all.
the grave of a beat, a bravehearted cave lover, cage lover, sage #lover who made #soup of you, twisted to spoony #melancholy, spikes, spices #lover #soup #melancholy
There's an Arby's/Long John Silvers near where I live. I'm glad they don't cross menu items.
[NAME] strange dreams. one life is enough
The Guy just wanted to Make a Joke and I liked it
Damn....poor guy
Yes we are. That's why they get arrested and given long jail sentences.
@MessYourself why? Do you have depression?
I have so much to think about
Thanks I’m falling in love, and it’s also cost efficient!
Yeah, it's pretty funny how incapable most of them are of actual satire and subtlety.
He's controversial from what I know. A canny leader to be sure, but his coziness with Dominion Energy has unnerved some [NAME].
Please for the love of [NAME] be right 🙏🏼
Just take them and get them vaccinated without his knowledge. Only one parent is needed. Dont even tell him after it's done.
From the article "They stun it, and then he knifed it." Not sure which doese the kill though.
You need to look up what flaming is. Don't get offended just because I'm calling out 14 year old boys like you.
Think many people misunderstood your intentions here and the conversation just went on a tangent from there.
THERE'S A WAR COMING, NED. I DON'T KNOW WHEN, I DON'T KNOW WHO WE'LL BE FIGHTING...BUT IT'S COMING!
Thank you! Looks delicious.
Those guys are on top 5 Levels.
It’s a shame really... ruining a perfectly good shirt like that
Kind of strange when one country was nuked and the other wasn't.
Former Mexican president was taking bribes from drug traffickers we need the wall
It's amazing that some people think that [RELIGION] will prevent all of this from happening.
Been there, done that. Still alive and remarkably healthy at 51. The body is tremendously resilient
She’s out here lookin like Snuffleupagus from the muppets with those big eyes sheesh
The word nourish makes me cringe now tbh
This is still an inappropriate photo, no matter what type of dog it is
While the new Preds jerseys have grown on me a lot; I do looove Vegas' jerseys.
That awkward moment wHen someone already used shell as a pun earlier
@WelshGasDoc @PlaidCymru supporter @reesmarshall239 #prejudice against #disabled people #disabledlivesmatter #bully #bbcnews #skynews #prejudice #disabled #disabledlivesmatter #bully #bbcnews #skynews
Does anyone have the quote in context (video or audio)? Based on the amount of Bigoteering going on the mainstream left-leaning press I'm sceptical.
My [NAME], check your corners people. I guess it's harder on console to let the team know though.
Well stock finished &amp; listed, living room moved around, new editing done &amp; fitted in a visit to the in-laws. #productivityatitsfinest  #productivityatitsfinest
I dated a girl from Broomfield Colorado. She'd end sentences with "yo". I ended us.
Only got to watch the third, why did tage get moved off the top line so quickly? Did they even skate together?
Or had the plan for a while and put 25 bucks away each cheque for a bit for this plan.
This is oddly wholesome. I love it.
HAVE YOU SEEN MY SON?!
i was not prepared for this
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news
I mean, sharing is caring and momma wants her cummies.
May your recovery be swift and your memory of her abuse soon be distant. Safe and happy travels.
Doctor charged 400 bucks for a blood pressure check before renewing my wife's high BP medication. She HAS been acting a little weird la
lol the zoomed in crotch on the right
Oh jeez. Just look at her eyes compared to the other girls.
Good night, Twitter world! Wish you all good sleep / productive jovial days! :)
It appears my fire alarm disapproves of my cooking style
Very high bond for unrelated offense.  Cops and FBI are digging on a property. Me fears this doesn't end well for families
Don't worry, [NAME]. Her idea of wit is nothing more than an incisive observation humorously phrased and delivered with impeccable timing.
thanks i used to sell cashews nuts and they the people called it the nuthose so i used the name
This is gonna need a pt 2 now!
You could be nonbinary?
Memes are going to get fucking fantastic though
Do I need a reason other than: he hands out $100.00 bills to would-be voters?
Thanks? Lol. Pairing [NAME] or [NAME] with [NAME], defensively, though? Yikes, to say the least.
Wow your post history is toxic.
I don’t get this question as they know full well exactly why I am not married!
Is this about [NAME]?
This prison is awfully gloomy. Would you mind if I put some ribbons on the bars?
This actually took me a minute. I underestimate the skill and knowledge of people in this subreddit. Very good.
Wow, you must've never been on /pol/ or like dozens of anti [NAME] subreddits.
Apple can still go kindly fuck itself tho
Is this the best a man can get?
Because you never edit babies while above an armed guard. Come on. Get it together.
Sucks when people misunderstand philosophy right
I also find it ridiculous. No problem with winter or summer breaks, but during regular times, should students stop studying because of the pandemic? What are they even thinking, sending teachers to the front lines?
Actually nothing. The only thing is it's hard to brush while sitting down. I have to stand up.
Oh, that's horrible. My condolences.
Paying respects?
That’d be lovely. Although now I have to root for AD to the Lakers which makes my chest hurt
I used to love to mix addys and Valium 10s though lol!
I lost it at the 5th panel.
It would seem difficult to say you're living in one city when you're only applying there to expand your reach.
Sorry, I swapped back to Canada unclearly, to respond to the comments about it.
Ice in his veins... D'L❄
Im sorry dude. Drumming Octopuss.
The title made me laugh so much after reading this. Glad things are going great with your wife. Many more happy years to you three (:
Excellent find. Panels like these are a very deliberate writing choice.
hMMM [NAME] is actually my worst hero in the game. I’ll work on him, though
2010 offseason, thought we'd get [NAME], ended up with [NAME] for 100 mil. we still talking about the knicks. fun to dream tho
If you feel like venting, I am happy to listen.
Crazy he took 1 year contract instead of a stable 4 year contract. Kind of shows you how dumb the guy is, 1 injury is all it takes
Gas prices are hilarious. Cause they're simultaneously super subsidised and taxed
She might be a [NAME] but she ain't my Waifu ARTEMIS FOREVER SUCKERS
Rockin to  Bob Dylan singin'  Bob Dylan's 115th Dream on LPCO Klassic Rock #classicrock #klassicrock #rocknroll #blues #onlineradio #classicrock #klassicrock #rocknroll #blues #onlineradio
Sarcasm is a social construct? Ooh boi
He literally looks like a potato
I love the need for HAES and setpoints and special illnesses in normalizing fatness - because it's not like they can comfortably label marginalization "gluttonophobia".
Oh [NAME] no.
Exactly and the "they removed it because of historical accuracy" is bullshit because crossbows were invented way before then.
I'm the opposite. I love spending time with friends but initiating it always gives me anxiety, so I generally wait for them to do something.
WHAT THE FUCK
Interesting user name :).
"Here's your fucking well done with pink in the center [NAME], jsut like youre stupid fucking table wants!"
@Sami749263491 yeah whatever, whahibbi are #muslims just a sect, as you know,  #islam is synonymous with #rape and #terrorism #muslims #islam #rape #terrorism
what did he say i missed it
Oh no you guys, I think I just Shattenkirked in my pants
Good thing he throws like a 6 year old girl, otherwise this could've been serious.
I always feel high the day after I smoke than after a day or two I feel fine u should be ok
Seen the headline went straight to the list haha
And this charming, gorgeous, blonde struck up a conversation with me.
I hate the message that's being pushed, and it's even worse that it's being pushed by this guy.
at sunset i want to bang my wife there on the rock
Stop following me around you one hour old troll account.
you get an upvote for that username! I wish I was a funhammer
Petition to smite BuzzFeed and Vice off the face of the internet for the bs they post Thank you
Would love to see them both in the same side
I grew up on the other side of Ama but live in Tulia now. I will have some El Burrito for you
The super bowl isnt played in march my man
Just next her. She'll never find a SD anyway, she's all talk.
If you're beignet hunting I also love the ones at Just For You, in the Dogpatch.
I'm so glad [NAME] is better looking than how he's depicted in UFC EA 3
What are you expecting?
Then the cop shows up.
Idk it’s your choice
Can you please update me! I'm in the exact position! 24FHL with 21MLL
That’s a... tough decision. That dog better be able to talk.
I just started watching Brooklyn 99 this week and was looking for this reference. Thank you.
Don't kiss your doorbell! Or anyone else's for that matter...
I agree with you, I just don't believe it will happen.
That’s really cool! How did you do this?
Seriously! I'm on Xbox and all my crew and we have never had an issue!
Trumpism likewise rests on a bed of racial resentment that was made knowingly and intentionally, long before Trump got into politics.
I thought he already left the country for an open murder investigation
Don't understand the question. Obviously you make up the rules in the middle of the game.
@BlairWitchMovie love new movie\n#BlairWitch #blairwitchproject #horror #HorrorMovies #blairwitchproject #horror #horrormovies
If I got killed by someone while they're stunned I'd uninstall my game.
.@DIVAmagazine than straight people. Even the arse straight guys who think that means a threesome is fine. #angry #fuming #angry #fuming
If he didn't know the damn roster so well, I'd have assumed he was a Pats fan troll.
I think he's in it. I know [NAME] is killing me on my fantasy team right now
Her comments are disgusting. Reminds me of my mother. I'm so sorry.
If [NAME] is lurking here it's probably definitely not good for his issues
Have you ever consider knocking three times and that hide and seek/stalker vibe is terrifying. It's the most disturbing thing I can link you my AR 15.
If all this month’s rest days were added to National Day, we could rest 12 days straight. Combine two months’ off days, and it could be a 20-day break!
Is a valid, unsound argument logical?
This reminds me of the school principal in South Park that shouts "Did I just hear a microaggression? Bwaghhhghhh!!!!"
I feel terrible but I do this too, or watch obese people doing mukbangs
You sound like you're going to be a great PA! Good luck in your new career.
Absolutely terrible. But wholesome aswell.
Misandry is not part of our feminism here. Don’t make such comments again.
I (26SM) love women with rings. It is such a turn on knowing that she is married.
Yes you can start working. Just use those bags, but don't bother with the prompt on the dashboard.
....be the autism. Totally different
I wonder what was more painful, the stitches or the humiliation.
Damn never heard of that, I stand corrected!
[NAME] needs to demand more from his staff and have longer practices. Idk something needs to change because they constantly underperform especially on the road.
They gonna be some big books, don’t you worry.
Three years ago I did! Ended up hospitalized for 5 days. I can say that I'm in a much better place now. :)
Haha! I remember seeing this when it aired
“That’s up to you” Clearly it is not up to you, or you wouldn’t have had a flipping miscarriage!
This is the beginning of a comeback for the ages.
Yall rlly gotta stop lettin bees put fear in ur heart. unless ur allergic, I'm not tryna see u run around from a fuckin bee...chill. u soft.
Oh cool it’s another episode where lefties forget about consent
/r/nbastreams is now posting home/away on their feeds, super easy to use.
Nah, lady will come to the resc... oh, sorry, forgot
... This is a stupid idea. One of the first things caught will be a wiki quote.
*dramatic anime gasp* impossible!
so i just kept nodding my head and smiling.
Haha your mom lol 😎😎. Having flashbacks of 4th grade rn
Absolutely horrible.
From an audience’s perspective, the review system is the issue. If you want to “sanitize,” start at the script stage — clean it thoroughly, clearly, wisely — then present real, heartfelt characters. Constantly “washing” in editing and post-production just makes filming and watching painful.
31 here. 2 weeks is ridiculous.
Being forced into a fake hug by someone who didn’t flinch to get litigious with you in the past - #awful 😖👺🙅 #awful
This is great! My SO just groaned so much at this. Thank you
Definitely not just on this sub. I keep seeing them on Instagram too.
What did I miss?!
Nah it's a sexual disorder due to brain structure not aligning with body structure but continue to be an ignorant transphobe I guess.
god, Facebook's design has started to remind me of MySpace in its heyday
And in adult spaces in general. Let adults have things to themselves, damn it
Sending love! Feel free to update me on progress if it helps! illegitimi non carborundum!
@Freepenalties @TMortimerFtbl Doll is a vile creature on the touchline. Every game he has tantrums &amp; shouts at the ref. Would love to see
Galaxy flip already exists. Its DMT, MDMA, LSD, Ketamine, and Cocaine together :) Never heard of anyone doing it tho
@ParamjitGarewal way to go #London. Nice job electing a #muslim #jihadist for mayor. Good luck with your future #terror attacks #sadiqkhan #london #muslim #jihadist #terror #sadiqkhan
Sweet, congrats!
Back at it with the crazy [RELIGION] conspiracies I see. Did you stop taking your pills?
I just had my super shiok shower at my awesome home and then i use my towel to wipe my face.
@Christy_RTR @doge_e_fresh I'm despondent
stay safe man
Just rephrased it into two sentences for you. It's a great story!
Oh that’s right! It was mayonnaise for the lice. I don’t deserve those upvotes!
No friends anymore, but had a guy get jealous at another guy flirting with me.
Depending on where you live he can be temporarily placed with you or more stable family members until CPS determines that his living situation is either safe or unsafe.
You're welcome! Anything else on your mind? Best to air it out
When i was very ill, in great suffering-such pain that even my skin hurt-i gave up.
so by that logic the right lost its mind about a year ago
@jk_rowling never thought an angry oompa loompa would be my Boggart, but there you have it. #boggart #PresidentTrump  #boggart #presidenttrump
> Crown Four Kingdoms thank you man :)
To be honest he doesn't have to be sorry for smoking weed. Your neighbor is a yuppy.
Oh [NAME] another tmi scene
you’re beautiful
Best email ever
This story puts me in the mood for a jolly rancher
Just here to try out my flair Edit: nice
Is there a reason you said yes but then did not?
Happy cake day, just in case
But if the dentist makes you wait more than 15 minutes, you are legally allowed to leave. ^I'm ^just ^kidding, ^you ^probably ^should ^stay.
As I lost my heart to you there in the dark.. Underneath the stars 🎧
You leave [NAME] the fuck alone.
That scene traumatized me the first time I watched it
@ruthwalford95 you may be right, but since year the bad events begin with B, I'm privately hoping we've got at least C-Z to go 1st #optimism #optimism
Ideal situation. I just don't instead why fans are writing him off. He's a beast.
I'd rather watch [NAME] chuck threes
Some 'friends' get bitter when it seems your life is moving better than theirs.
You know what would instantly unwreck you? A good screwing. Transformational !
Absolutely shocking. The decline of Rooney is a little embarrassing really!
Don’t think there is a single person that thinks he overreacted there
She was funny with [NAME] in the previous BFQOE I think. I honestly think she needed a better partner in this episode
Educate yourself instead of defining yourself.
I didn’t understand because it’s not dark mode
Enough shit comes out of his mouth, do we really need to put more back in?
Go forth brother and make her so. If you build it, they will come.
Even down syndrome is a spectrum of severity. I've met several adults with ds who are more than capable of relationships and employment
Good job now here have an upvote
/u/skyboundIan no spoilers in the trailer pretty please :D
@TheSidEudy PS: I still think your broken leg against Scott Steiner was one of the most horrific injuries I've ever seen in the ring #ccot #ccot
I had my hand on the side of my face when I was drawing, and then I moved it and was like ` OH MY GOD I 'M BLEEDING OUT MY EARS AHHHHH!
@Argos_Online customer service is dreadful, phone bill is huge and get passed from person 2 person and keep taking money off my card #idiots #idiots
Just so freaking miserable. Trying to make me miserable as well
It’s been a pleasure, as I’m sure it always is with you.
Dear @TfL please tell your bus drivers if obstruction on their side DON'T just pull out to oncoming traffic causing vehs to swerve #fuming 😡 #fuming
My 2 teens sons just left in the car to get haircuts. I'm praying up a storm that they make it home safely!!  #TerenceCrutcher #terencecrutcher
Cut into this guy's hair, [NAME] is ftfy
What the problem? I mean, steak? Good. Doughnuts? Good!! I don’t see an issue.
•Days!'\nHe was itching for a fight..itching for the exhilaration of battle, of almost getting defeated, the adrenaline pumping•\n@RojinHitto
Ugh, that contour looks so incredibly natural. I love this look; it's stunning and smooth as hell.
Yes to momentum. The time spent between phases is important. It’s also bad matchmaking
See ya!
I caught a co-worker stealing my prescription migraine medicine.
I don't think you know what a vegan is
Which will happen.
Hopefully I'll get this Best Buy job, and officaly #start my #streaming #career , working towards doing something I love #1DayAtaTime #start #streaming #career #1dayatatime
But it was good; it kept me on my feet for a long while.Knee?
The most important characteristic of leadership is the lack of . #activism #equity #revolution #activism #equity #revolution
It serves a gloomy higher than the wolves of the village
She has a disorder of sorts. Not only do you both need counseling, but she needs some kind of therapy.
If you're more concerned about a potential person than an actual person, you should get out of medicine. You aren't qualified.
Hope you don't touch the menus, they're the filthiest thing in any restaurant.
This is so hard to sit through, I can't believe the swearing from this dood, it makes it all the more unbearable
Lots of them are in really beautiful unique buildings. The one in folkestone in particular is pretty amazing.
Lmao. Dude, I was thinking the exact same thing.
that’s beautiful. are you sure it’s only twelve feet though? it seems much taller
I sort of did lol. I think what I mean is that you cant look at it as an alternative to rdp
Yay! (Tech will be improved. Eeeek.)
That has nothing whatsoever to do with what I was talking about.
He also worse black gloves and a black ski mask.
Sounds like there is market demand for this service. Some innovative rideshare company should take advantage.
OH MY GOD!!!! The poor parents must have gone from gutted to PISSED in a matter of moments.
My fault, I jumped to a conclusion. I forgot that savanna cats are spotted not leopard print.
Ohthe good old lemon meme died so quickly, i mean that’s how mafia works
Just learn from this and move on bro. Give yourself time to mourn.
What a beautiful memory for you to have found. So sorry for your loss ❤️
I hope the final piece is [NAME] face in the background looking at the entire group with utter contempt.
I second that. What goes up must come down. And to OP, i hope you find peace and clarity. Good luck!
My error has already been highlighted thanks.
Oh how lovely and vague. Your non-committal form of conversation is delicious.
And I got ta tell you right here folks, that brings a tear to my eye.
nah me good
Wow random irrelevant internet person has the secret goods on [NAME]. Maybe we’ll finally get to the bottom of this birth certificate thing...
Not enough accurate data on [NAME] civil to stay true to their identity unless they want to make a Spanish invasion related storyline
“Guys watch out, the scary looking kid is coming down the hall”
I wouldnt consider 2/2 really low on the depth chart. Prosser is low on the depth chart.
Why “cover the name” if you can literally see it right after lol
In our county, 2018 was the turning point—then 3,000, now 8,000.
Nah no one can help me
Shhh bb it'll be ok
I fail to see how a current moderator isn't capable. Perhaps they never delegated the task is all.
How is this news? I am sure there are a few living in discovery park and along the coast there
Talent is God’s cheat code. Those unaware haven’t seen the gifted outrun others under worse conditions. I have — but I’m not bitter. Beyond the few gifted, many have neither talent nor effort — I just need to outwork them.
It's a beautiful thing! Good luck!
Oh, well, you again I tried some stuff, people ignore me anyway
@tysonwaters and @WatersWife 'Being over it.' Why USA has #panicattacks #anxiety #depression and so much medication! #panicattacks #anxiety #depression
Call the IWW.
Wife of a lawyer. This is correct
@caseydellacqua @ashbar96 Will be cheering for you both! Go @caseydellacqua and @ashbar96
you can't damage anything other than on foot players right now, no turrets, no vehicles, no objectives, it has been bugged since the december update
I beta-tested Gwent. After all that and everything after launch, I'd still rather just play it as a minigame in Witcher 3.
They announce they hate Brexit first
Hot damn.
The dad was in stitches..
I wish I could say the same. This is where I come to confront white supremacists. r/CompleteAnarchy and r/ChapoTrapHouse too.
[NAME] a fucking creeper. Doesn't he have some weird ass relationship with that 14 year old girl from Stranger Things?
I'm happy I live in a country where machete attacks don't have to be a real concern.
My god the tension on the button... I can only imagine.😥
I'm sorry for what happened to you. I guess you were sending mixed signals all the time.
Would the state be effected by the federal shut down? I’m not sure how far reaching the shut down is.
My bad I’ll try to do better
You could have the sweetest peach in the world, and there is always someone who just doesn't like peaches.
[NAME] wife has wanted him done with wrestling for, oh, the last 25 years or so.
@Author_LB Awesome. My 9 yr old grandson runs cross country. No Simon Whitfield but still a lot of fun cheering him on.
The question wasn’t phrased well, but she does look different than her normal self in this screencap
Please provide some receipts! I believe you and can totally see this happening!
I thought it was funny ‍♀️
I didn't realize how sore I was from the whole thing until later, and the not being able to turn my head thing didn't start until yesterday.
Nice! I haven’t listened to them or Tool in so long. Will def be getting back into them now.
Given the situation I actually think it was the best possible outcome. A great success.
I wish I had been born there :(
in geometry today hannah started crying of laughter because ms. canning said 'pp' lol
Your life must be miserable. That's sad somehow
-9 and I’m out shopping. Sun is out feels great.
Buff *Nurse*??? Lol, this has to be some god-tier shitpost or something
Yayy we agree on something. I mean everything's on fire but we agree haha
I hope things get better soon. I'm proud of you for getting help and talking about it and wish you the best
Where’s the Fire Dance CG?! Every other platform posted it — why not Weibo? Do you hate mages that much? Just delete them then!!!
maybe post the article since it's already out lol
I *couldn't.*
@Will_0004 No justification for shooting without provocation, even if the person has a bad history. Justification is not the way to go
In reality the kid said: “fuck off noob, Genji grandmaster main here boiii”
I felt the quake strongly in Gansu. In our 5th-floor classroom, a crack ran down from the ceiling. Debris flapped as we ran. I lost my friend in the rush, grabbed a stranger’s hand, and fled. My legs gave out downstairs, nearly crying. For months, loud noises terrified me.
when has one of those systems succeeded?
Totally looks like
Who cares? I like fat people's opinions there.
She's not curating her humor to your taste, alas.
Well duh, he’s a scientist. So he’s probably smarter than the average anti vaxxer
OMG. How have a I never heard this before? Absolutely dying. You can tell [NAME] just lost it off mic. 🤣
Yes [NAME]!! Give us interviews 🖤💜 love this idea
Now that took serious skill and training. 3 warnings in half a second, all while deflecting the aim of the aggressor and counter-firing.
Probably. I am surprised Reddit doesn't just purge all right leaning subs.
I oppose mandatory testing — why can’t I just wear a mask? What’s the conflict? Or does it threaten your vested interests?
So did mine! And I'm now one myself. Sending a trillion hugs and props to you!
Anzac day rules are even dumber
Works for me. The video is called : The great porn experiment | [NAME] | TEDxGlasgow
Huns are like a box of coffee revels #horrible #horrible
6 minutes to deadline, [NAME]! We need page 1!
Traditionalists say it should be bored by or bored with, but not bored of, a 'rule' cheerfully ignored
I COULD NOT do it!
such a deep and powerful tweet
If by ‘needs a talking to’ you mean ‘needs to be sterilised’ then you are correct.
God just replaced my sadness with laughter, can't go the whole day sad ...
Hallettsville. Awesome square that gets all lit up at Christmas - great places to eat. The best little town in Texas.
That explains it, I rarely report people anymore This Khajit informs the other Khajit that it is welcome
Neat sub idea! I like it.
Are there a lot of people that defend [NAME]? I dunno I see it here and there but those people are considered idiots by most sane people.
I don't remember if I've entered
I wonder if these little creatures with their big bulgy eyes ever poke themselves in the eyes accidentally.
[NAME] seems to be really honest in the meaning of lore. She supports [NAME] from the very beginning.
The thin side and endlines are really throwing me off.
What? I don’t just want to sleep with him. I want more idk... I value myself
OW MY LEG!
2 games damn what was in them burgers
Worst episode of the entire show
[NAME] is my least favorite out of all of [NAME] love interest (In all live action movies) Bite me.
The way colt talks in that weird calm voice is like a psychopath. I hate it. It’s so condescending and creepy.
You want to celebrate your convict heritage.
with a locker room like this is looking to be, I don't think Ohio State is done losing games that they shouldn't
I'm so tired I read anti neurons as anti lemons for some reason
I will donate money to the "Buy a striker fund" [NAME] up top is beyond frustrating.
In sorry but that seems like quite a shallow grave...
He reminds me of [NAME]. Gonna have to put on some muscle tho.
This is the worst thing I've ever seen. Take my upvote.
Disgusting — attacking health workers, spreading rumors about miscarriages, using random internet pics to stir nonsense!
Kitchens use bacteria floor cleaner it would almost definitely make you sick
I need someone one step on my long tail real hard right about now.
i think the telekinesis could make a great card. sth like: move an enemy card to another position and stun its new neighbors for this round.
Hyelp! There's been an accident!
Literally awesome that someone else is doing the same thing! Funny thing is I go for two a year also. Heck yeah fellow dodger friend
@ANI_news #Pakistan should stop cross border #terrorism if they really need solution for #KashmirIssue. @narendramodi sir, #India should act #pakistan #terrorism #kashmirissue #india
My two older boys were elated, my toddler was terrified. I have pics of his poor little face peeping through the hole in the basket.
Homophobic?! I have FRIENDS who are xylophones!
Poor [NAME]. Give him some Enfamil. He will feel better soon.
@Darren_Hammer amen, nothing personal mate, just tired of all of the complaining from our fans, it's Been a relentless tirade of misery
[NAME] does love [NAME] I absolutely love Turkey- it's a shame I don't see myself visiting any time soon
What are you talking about, there was an update this week. And even then 3 weeks is not enough for a huge update
The best losers of grand finals cod has ever seen
Thank you for saying so! I have loads more where that came from on my soundcloud.
felt a bit shit getting a very high blood sugar then i remembered it's my first one above 15 this week which is incredible for me! #happy #happy
Thanks so much for typing out such an expansive, detailed response!
It's a lame, timid city on a beautiful harbour.
This is from ralph lauren? [NAME], someone put their designer out of their misery.
I haven't seen any of them, thanks!
@united horrible service. EWR. Not a cloud in the sky. Normal departure at 10am now leaving at 5pm. Crappy #UnitedAirlines #unitedairlines
I’ll give a big “HELL YEA” to that
As a non-immunocompromised person I like their stance.
It makes me wonder if Old Money New England families are into their own cousins a bit much.
Lol. Well, I enjoyed our heart to heart either way
Thanks for explaining it! I’m not sure why my comment got downvoted. Without context, it makes no sense.
Welcome to the club....
You can go on the offical league forum and look for people.
Can't tell how cold it is if the battery is completely dead. RollSafeMeme.jpeg
omg, id cry if this was my store
Try honing I’m on your art skills! Wood carving, wood burning, mosaics, stained glass, painting, etc. Sell your work!
That's just how to look good in general
Hahaha, that's brilliant. Stupid and hilarious.
Omg her fake laugh there. I cringe.
[NAME]! Big fan of your graphic novels!
One of 30 alt accounts that trolls our forum because he is having a temper tantrum and can't get his $100 out of Qcx right away.
This does not sound like a good situation for a child at all imo.
A waste of money to you is not a waste of money for everyone.
Nothing is wrong with hugs and love, but most adults need sleep too.
I think you spoke too soon
Urban villages aren’t to blame—trace the source! Last time someone from another district came to our internet café, got diagnosed, and we were sealed a week—so infuriating!
Theres a BIG difference between being against ones (hateful) political position and between harassing someone for his ethnicity.
Just because she was watching, doesn’t mean she was into it.
Was disappointed until I saw your username. What's up [NAME] :D
Especially from the media that literally hates these players.
In the 50s my aunt was 6 weeks old when a flu virus caused inflammation of the heart and she died. So there's that, too.
Can you explain how she could block all three spots? I don’t think we understand.
I don’t know
Hey, we all love South Park friend.
GAMING!!
Post TRNSMT blues
THIS BOOK IS FRICKING INSANE LIKE HOLY CRAP. #panic #panic
Ah I was confused which side you were on :P
I go to a neighborhood mexican restaurant monthly for the past 2.5 years, but nobody knows my name ☹
I keep hearing [NAME] is a terrible hire.
@talkRobyn oh dear I have to watch this the woman with the pout did well
Detective Pikachu with gun violence would be too much for me.
It's pretty clear if you understand basic math.
@DeionSandersJr @DeionSanders so bad...Slash prices or send them to refugee camps, like team gear after they lose championships. #awful #awful
Don't forget colors. They panic at the sight of a chess board.
Just saw your edit. What the crap. Guy was obviously creepy.
You can make excuses or you can make time. You can't make both. #time #regret  #LifeCoach #time #regret #lifecoach
Constitution don't work that way. Burden is always on the Crown, defendant is always presumed innocent. This won't survive the first challenge.
noah fence but i want a harley quinn or blake lively layout
I'm allergic to the red food dye too, a lot of foods have it in there. it sucks because I adore Swedish Fish candies.
Eh, says who? Anyway, I like being by myself. I'm by myself right now.
She’s still not gonna message you dude I promise
Sounds like a good deal to me. Where do I sign?
I think you and I think alike. Sometimes I wish I knew less of history... because ignorance can be blissful
Go to a different dealer. The 19 is nicer, you have to decide for yourself if the 18 discount is worth it.
The best champagne
/r/2ALiberals checking in! Welcome my leftist gun supporter! Upvote for 2A solidarity, even though we probably disagree on literally everything else.
Obviously a degree in veterinary medicine, in case Mr [NAME] has the sniffles
Meth is a hell of a drug.
Hasn't he also lied about his height previously?
Gotta know a season ticket holder willing to part with one. Did a quick search and found a few for sale.
I think, call before you come and limit it to an hour is reasonable if you have relatives that need to be told that.
please kill me.
I’m Waiting for Dr [NAME] to bring back Celebrity Rehab so her and [NAME] can be on it.
How is it a risk to the vaccinated kids?
You consider 15-17 year olds people too!?! Thanks, i suppose!
Thank-you very much, your comment is greatly appreciate.
I listened to this song the other day for the first time and... oh boy yeah
Damn, I didn’t see any monkeys when I was there! What a ripoff.
[NAME] is also very creative with the puck, I'm mostly liking the new guys so far.
I am from Darwin, and can NOT confirm that "Darwin has a surprisingly high amount of good looking women" Must be hanging around the wrong places
@sphiwememela...its bad.I am fearing for my life🙏
Showering with someone feels more intimate than sex for me...and I don't like it.
Oh I know. [RELIGION] is the most severe form of brainwashing on the planet. There’s absolutely nothing like it. It blows my mind.
Keep crying about it. I’m sure the Yankees are reading this post and will take all your points to heart.
Chris ate all my mac n cheese so imma eat all his taffy
Gifts are bugged. Your friend didn't get the chest, but somebody else did.
There you go, the familiarity was nagging at me
False, if I'm close to the cart return I can't run and ride the cart back to the return. Lol
>Add in reduced physician compensation and the number of doctors will go down, Where is this info?
Oh and it would be nice if they didn't have to cover forever, lets get some pass rush in the off-season!!
I didn't know that! Thanks!
Marcus Rojo is the worst player i have ever seen. Useless toasting burning bastard
Super low and loose. Get yo life.
When I play duel for fun I usually go attack speed GEB xD
But I was told that sub was for civil discussion!!!
The good news is you’re catching the possibility of it early. And medicine has come a long way! Giving you lots of good energy
Yay! Nice work everyone. I love reddit.
@SquishyJiminie aww thank you!! I'm definitely feeling much better today and your messages cheer me up too ☺️
Definitely.... I wake up at like 3am work at 6am... I hate morning people though LMAO
He was an insane shooter in high school, so I guess the staff believes his current performance is just because he’s a freshman?
that's horrifying
Forgot to plug the phone in overnight
Did you mean all of Massachusetts or just Boston? Because I'm pretty sure Western Mass drives well.
And proud!
Watt made you think this was funny?
It’s sad that some parents can’t accept some simple mistakes.
You can't freely make a decision when your opinions are a shitty contract or life on the streets. That is not freedom.
i love that channel
Learning to read was the worst mistake of my life
The authorities think foreigners breaking train rules are rare — and such incidents “disappear naturally.”
#internationaldayofpeace : When white supremacists terrorize everyone of differing cultures online and will continue it offline tomorrow. #internationaldayofpeace
Here in Russia, we do not like when our culture is misrepresented, but we make fun of such misrepresentations.
Oh that's hard. I hope you get an amazing nap in the car. The exhaustion is real with babies.
This sent shivers down my spine
I'm so stupid, I can do this. On accident. so not very well.
There's really no way to know since my lady hormones prevent me from remembering sexual assaulters' identities.
No!!! I love emojis 😎😎😁😁😁😁💖🎉
This is genius. The ultimate prank.
Damn [NAME] let himself go
I’m anxious, he’s shy. We’re both teenagers and from what I understand his parents won’t let him have one
I love you too, no homo.
@OstinOng YUUUHH 🙄😭 plus clin ep and prevmed ugghhh hahaha #bitter #bitter
You’re the exception, bby 😘
stupid science bitches
(:)
Agreed, probs an older brother. Source: am an older brother
i was just feeling it okay i knew it wouldn’t blow up!!!
Thank you for making this guide.
Anyone have that mirror?
Shamelessly stolen from Three Flavours Cornetto Posting
My #anxiety is rising tonight and I'm not sure why. Sometimes I wonder if I'm a magnet for any free-floating anxiety in the universe. #anxiety
It's all fun and games until your crush turns into a spaceship.
I can't stand having my motives questioned.
The thought of him having to schedule me in really turns me off and makes me sad. Has the reduced gaming time helped with intimacy in any way?
NO absolueltey wrong. WE MUST PRIORITIZE GETTING CORPORATE MONEY OUT OF POLITICS OR WE WILL NEVER BE ABLE TO SOLVE ANOTHER PROBLEM IN THIS COUNTRY.
I now know what taking acid would feel like
Wow, out of all of that, only one person mentioned helping parents because they loved their parents. SAD.
And people try to hold that against [NAME] when they should hold that against the Packers organization and Front Office...Their Front Office stopped trying, not [NAME].
That's amazing! I think that's great! I wish you the best in 2019! Please keep us updated!
I'm a sexworker and trust me, plenty of us love our jobs an our work.
Definitely the second to be frank. I just wanna get the best deal I can on a car I’m pretty in love with.
Yo this [NAME] was literally pulling moves out of the Hitman games jumping over to your balcony. Thats terrifying.
Shame on you
Nope. No joke. Also happy cake day
I think he is dead but he died long before the supposed raid. He was old and sick, dying of kidney failure.
#happiness #recipe: an open mind, #laughter, a kind #heart &amp; #optimism #happiness #recipe #laughter #heart #optimism
@yonahimes they never posted stuff like this?????\ni mean i was able to scroll over it so it wasnt a big deal but it was
Look at this #massiah of #youngleader\n#Pakistan #massiah of  #massiah #youngleader #massiah
Talking about cats my lil Friend just jumped on the couch *pat pat from the nice people of reddit*
I should've left after the first period ended. That was brutal.
I'm happy to go without but if it's readily available then everyday.
Lmao my jaw dropped when she started talking about that stuff with her friend
I hate when people Beijing a gun. Even worse when they Shanghai one.
cheers to everyone who voted for me; i love all you guys!! here's to another great year of memes and laughs!
Cut your nalis, i hate it
I’m a millennial and my mortgage payment only takes about 1/5 of my after tax earnings in a month. Feels so good.
You know damn well they'd say "Narudo" and "Assault on Titan 13"
Oh man, what was the name of that show. It feels so familiar. Haven't watched MTV in, I don't know, 15 years?
You are one pathetic human being.
70% tax rate is a terrible idea
I haven't done enough orders yet to get anything other than money for dashes.
I think teams will still cut the cross-seam that made [NAME] and [NAME] so deadly last year. This is awesome nonetheless.
Had to make sure you weren't the guy himself before I upvoted you.
that sounds absolutely adorable!! im glad you had those kittens there as a distraction :)
Please get your soy away from me, i’m allergic.
I think this is my favourite story of the year so far.
lol getting totes fucked up at work is super cool i am one ZANY individual look out Shut the fuck up do it in your own time
so just throwing this out there, you can have conversations and arguments without being an ass.
Thank you for this. This sub isn’t a rating or selfie sub. There’s literally no poly content on this post.
Hahah Yea imagine what the GM guys will do when the DD app crashes for hours
I really like what one spokesperson said: “China has 1.4 billion people, and each has the right to express their thoughts and feelings online.”
No superbowl @ lambo for this generation; hopefully global warming will make an impact in the next 30 years. :)
Great minds more like... And youtube suggestions.
Yea ur right on that but that doesn't really negate my statement on the blitz.
Article says she was present when this happened sometimes and that she was physically and psychologically abusive as well
We’ve had make-up shifts before with fewer complaints—shows how rare proper holidays have become. So much for labor rights.
[NAME] will get booed at home after a golden sombrero in May while hitting .230 and [NAME] and [NAME] putting up big numbers elsewhere.
This is awesome!
Wish the blasters were more like BF1
I doubt people are *happy*, but they probably aren’t sad about someone who was potentially endangering others through their anti-science views.
WHERE THR HECK IS VOL'JIN AND MY TROLL EMPIRE, YEARS HAVE PASSED WE HAVE 2 PANDA AND STILL ONE TROLL
If they didn't want the wheels to be stolen, they shouldn't have made then so easily stealable!
in a free society you'd never know if a woman had an abortion, so there's that.
@rawhidevelvet No offense, but isn't it a little late to be getting a radio broadcast degree? Isn't that going to be over in a decade or 2?
r/succulents is one of my fav subs and I thought this was from there scrollin' through.
I don’t see the yes yes yes yes part. Just one big no.
@Montel_Williams If this ban goes through, it will harm so many people, disabled veterans, people who have #chronicpain, #anxiety #iamkratom #chronicpain #anxiety #iamkratom
I binged that podcast in about 2 days at work. Amazing. The convention for Limelight, and how emotional they got for those poor women was heartbreaking.
It took me, like, 3 hours to finish the shading on your upper lip. It's pretty much the best drawing I've ever done.
I once worked in an urban village—outsiders there never treat it like home; it’s always messy and dirty.
I'm glad :)
26>27 confirmed
Fun fact: cops beating their wives has nothing to do with this post. 😮
Right. I’m surprised everyone thinks he’s so cute...
Eventually it faded, leaving me scared shitless and her more curious than I liked.
username definitely checks out
auto play really sucks but sex education was a really good show ngl I binged the whole thing in like two days.
Ah I needed this!!
SOBRIETY®   trying to make being sober fashionable….can it be done ? #zeroalcohol #soberoctober #clubsoda #nomorehangovers #sober #zeroalcohol #soberoctober #clubsoda #nomorehangovers #sober
I don't get it haha man it sucks not knowing what a wall phone is haha
That's what I thought too man
Cured her depression, didn't it?
Consider yourself lucky haha. I used to call my local radio station daily to request they play it ‍♀️
> spending money I think you meant earning. Or they actually spent the money on the way home lol.
My #1 #1
That’s a cool steering wheel cover
Why is the waitress posting here?
Same lines as others. If this really is the big one, it’ll last. No need to move too fast.
Thank you 😊
Like I found a way to escape gravity and moved about my bedroom as though I was on the ISS or something; thrilling at my new found ability.
This is as cool as it was burgers and fries and started the Omnibus to collect the first few pages were just so much to unpack there...
Hit my head on a bench doing parkour. Looked like that lol
Of course I might not like it because of where I am at I’m sure not all places are so horrid .
This is awesome. You can really see how little wasted motion [NAME] had—everything looked effortless.
I am so sorry those kind of people make me sick
Not everyone agrees that he was actually an amazing strategist or a great general, actually.
Angelino's been horrific
Sometimes for a laugh, I will come to r/Canada to read comments of the ignorant.
“WTF, He helped me? ...I’ll eat him last :)”
Well since they hate cops and love criminals... this fits for them
I'm not trying to intimidate you, just saying that what you are doing is wrong and illegal, and you should stop doing it.
The fact that you have to ask what other good games there are makes me think you don't take competitive gaming seriously in the first place...
Well...... can only hope it works out in America’s best interest now
Oh is this the "not real burgers" argument? Just cause you don't like them doesn't mean they're not burgers
The birds chirp , the sun shines and the wind chimes chime. There was once a smile on this face.
I teach the same students and one of them argued that poverty was a choice. It was an...interesting class discussion.
If you want [NAME] to become [NAME], yeah
Probably. Wouldn't be surprised if our current generation essentially lives forever...or well until something like climate change puts a stop to it.
I’ll be honest, I didn’t expect that to be real
He’s only caught herpes twice.
Apparently I'm ugly because I don't have 20 strangers a day coming up to me to tell me I'm attractive :(
I wanna see a video proving it's fake though
>They played three games in a week three separate times. [NAME], that's absolutely brutal
My favorite gusgasm
Before he was riding a Bronco he was riding your mom.
I honestly can't imagine [NAME] using any kind of profanity lol
[NAME] what the hell is going on at hq
I know that feeling man
>if your car is so great why do you have to fill it with petrol all the time This is how stupid you sound
That has nothing to do with guys that just started with us this or last season.
Thats my GOAT
@Singaholic121 Good morning, love! Happy first day of fall. Let's make some awesome #autumnmemories #annabailey   #autumnmemories #annabailey
Hey, she's pretty hot
Love the Chappelle Show reference by [NAME] at the end there.
Hypothetically if [NAME] makes a run with foles and decides to trade wentz, I’d give up [NAME] in a heartbeat
[NAME] is garbage in every single game he plays. He needs to be traded
Bee happy! ' v')
That would be greatly appreciated.
She might just be bitter over her own relationship and this is a painful reminder in some way.
I was also [NAME]. We all make mistakes
I miss them being alive
this was very interesting, the first time i saw it posted here... 3 weeks ago
I can't do that....I don't know how to hard boil eggs sooooo
I know I haven't been myself lately but listen! I can do better and I can change!
You can’t nag or argue people into a relationship with you.
I've returned from the dead with a desire to clean the apartment and eat something that isn't garbage. #managing #depression #managing #depression
I have this in my waiting list, I can't wait to see it.
I'm worried someday I'll be yelling at my kids and they'll be confused about if or not I'm being serious 😭😭😭\n\nI'm too damn playful
im sure she does and she just doesn't want right wing people/white people to have a gun.
Housing cost money. Ropes are cheap for those that truly deserve death but, do it quickly not 10, 20 years later.
I've got no idea who you are but thanks for trying anyway.
Love mine too. t-shirt
FYI she’s probably cheating on someone, so didn’t want to post pics.
Nobody said it would but it *does* fix one problem.
This made me sad
That's like if she went up to your car and removed your bumper stickers because she doesn't want them in her pictures.
I get a kink in my neck from brushing my hair damn
Thank you for your post. I will always treat him the same
Collects all the times when Minerva would chew on his cape. Begins to shiver, runs a hand through his hair. \n\n'You can surely━\n@ardentflier
Please do!
I'm sure you're alright, [NAME]. xD
She's gentle the mum says even tho the kid is stomping on a dolls head ye more like insane
A person could easily say getting drunk on whiskey all day solves their problems.
Congratulations fellow lobster!!
@St8edge4life88 eh well i can do the sting vs cactus loser leaves wcw match at bash at the beach lol
I also dealt drugs (cocaine, methamphetamine, mushrooms, and marijuana).
I believe he was just going to scare me and not anything worse.
Oh alright fair enough haha. If the sabres dont pan out I'll root for him also!
Mmmm looks like some delicious asbestos tile being rubbed there.
Might get hate for this but I'm reeeeaaaaaally not a fan of [NAME]. I don't know why, but I just don't LIKE her
If I were assured of your eventual destruction I would, in the interests of the public, cheerfully accept my own.' -Sherlock Holmes-
He did all this road to find this coconut oil ! Are you ungrateful ? :( !
He bought the first beer, and before it was even gone I had a new full one in my hand!
I have the worst memory ever. Idk if it's from all the weed I smoked but I also have a blank mind like all the time.
There's so much information to process here
I go fucking ballistic.
I never believe draft rumors of who teams are looking at or wanting, especially if its fan rumors.
lol, as he goes down on you he suddenly screams into your vagina "THE BEES THE BEES".
Isaiah 40:31\nthose who trust in the Lord will find new strength.\nThey will soar high on wings like eagles.\nThey will run and not grow weary.
Clean the house, declutter, have some candles and if you know his favorite beer or spirit that would be nice 😉 Have a clean and organized kitchen 😍
Oh my [NAME]. Yesssss.
Childhood was so fun — picking mushrooms, catching loaches and snails, cooling in rivers, grabbing crabs, fish swirling by. Jump rope, marbles, leaf toys — played till dark. Today’s kids can’t relive it. Miss it dearly.
I'm not super happy about having to see his face in the news for at least another 6 years.
My stomach is ichy and achy.
Ah. I can't see that when replying in my inbox and didn't see his name the first time I checked here to read other comments
Oh hahaha, is it a reputable vendor?
I had the same thought, I didn’t see anything notable about this at all.
I wasn't trying to counter your whole argument by objecting to a particular bit I found particularly silly
Ok but why won’t that guy stop petting the Sea Doggo? He’s obviously not that into you, sir.
This is very deceptive. If you haven't read it, this article is great! The Deceptive Income of Physicians
I’m actually excited to see how [NAME] turns out.
Did you check the bowl?
Thank you. I’ve been feeling a bit better since they make people happier.
Why would someone need a year to respond to your needs? Don’t waste another moment.
Does it tickle inside your nostril? I always imagined it would be annoying.
I don’t know ,I kinda find this funny
Keep your head straight, stay on your path, and stick to your guns.
It can get ridiculous ,too. She'll actually yell out "stop yelling!!!" when she's the only one yelling.
>The left doesn't need this kind of public displays. >i never said that explictly or implicitly **thinking emoji**
Oh good one. It’s insane to think the last three mvps were once on one team
Feels weird when something that wasn't bad but not the best back then is now incredibly overrated.
Beautiful yet sad that his relationship ended in ‘45 the same way most of mine do...with cheating
Aaaand everybody got diarrhea. Thanks dummy
I'm British and this has definitely happened to me.. but why is it just [NAME]?
This happens in America as well. Unfortunately the news cycle isn't interested in reporting such things. Just doom and gloom.
I would love to be woken up by that
My jaw nearly dropped.
I’ve thought about journaling. I think I’ll give that a try sometime soon. Thank you for your words my friend
I think this is a normal human emotion that a lot of people can relate to.
Have to stay positive! I AM getting a new job I love in the field I want to work in!
Gnostic atheist here. This is a great summary!
Will do fine on the mat tonight with or without sleep. theres no worry for that on this side of the water
You're right... But look at that badass black leather jacket.
i was on there back during the primaries and it certainly WAS satire, but then [NAME] started banning everyone who wasn't insane
Def ok if we lose this game but its close. Every loss is a win!
For some people its about not wanting to look cheap.
If purging was real, Kenya would be the country where the elite purge from choppers while the low-class cower under their beds for 12 hours
There is nothing like being in the shower when the power goes out 😳 #creepy  #creepy
@TheSandraGal Glad to see that you're having fun in the sun. Water sports are always fun, challenging, and exhilarating. #happiness #beauty #happiness #beauty
@DouthatNYT @jbouie @DamonLinker Yes, it is bad to point out racism lest it provoke the racists.  Some racists do indeed not like it.
Rash sun [NAME] dropping out of the first round?
bcash is not bitcoin. its a fork if bitcoin, and you brought up [NAME] yourself which is pretty odd considering you think of him as a distraction.
That's still doxing.
Where do I sign up, then? Haha.
I'm [RELIGION] and I'm disgusting lol
Honestly Texas deserves to win with they way they’re playing, they clearly came motivated and they’re outperforming UGA on both sides of the ball.
Delete it fat
i stopped watching gotham cause they dropped off tabitha and barb's relationship and made her pine after the main
People requesting asylum are not illegal immigrants so that argument is bull shit. Get informed by an actual news source please
Protestantism never cease to amaze me with its joke of theology and non existent historical justification.
The content is a rambling mess.
I get it. I hate that [NAME]. Taking advantage of sad people.
I totally freaked out.
Ugh this moment really had me crying lol just hearing him remember all the good I was like WHY
Dan cool and rich
Yeah I think most of what [NAME] says is sensible policy but this would be a step too far.
Had to go check for myself
Hey when your yard is made up entirely of gravel you can do what you want.
I have, and now that you mention it, I think that's what triggered my nostalgia.
Bengals are a quirky breed 😸
[NAME]? Too soon?
I like how all itos manga end with the most bleak and hopeless endings, but not doing it in a way to make it look like the protagonist lost
@vinsquat67 It was indeed, I was raging at the verdict. Can't imagine how the poor lassies family felt.
D'OH! Right in front of my face and I missed it
Oh, it’s only made them more determined to invent the “creepy [NAME]” narrative themselves.
Look at all the REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! Lol
Or you just get rejected and then not murdered and your anxiety worsens until you can no longer approach women or even men.
The dumb people will think that this proves why we need more government. 🙄
Lol well if you see an awkward looking girl in a white car following at a safe distance, just know that’s little ole anxious me!
[NAME] killed him and was only in for like 5 minutes...
I'm glad I didn't have my other dog with me. He would have not attacked her he loves everybody and she probably would have took him.
I love you [NAME], you is my only friend.
Ah yes, the romantic concept of a meal in bed.
Our crust is way too active for that.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaand... *BOOP*
I personally prefer FIT to refer to these kinds of transphobes: Feminist-Identifying Transphobe.
American children raised by English parents can easily end up with accents resembling their parents’.
I was absolutely going for Attenborough, but u/synthprax brings up a wonderful alternative. Also, [NAME].
Nah, they always were a government's tool to enslave us
I thought you said it was last night. But looking back now it's this weekend. well go get'em tiger.
It's horrible and I love it and you should be proud.
How many days in are you? I just started but I could message you on here. I don't use WhatsApp or Facebook.
I always have the subtitles on. So I don’t miss a single 💎!
That makes sense, I’m over explaining and I shouldn’t have to. Thank you!
Sauerkraut is amazing, but only as a side to a main.
This made me chuckle. I hope it is raptors v warriors in the finals. That’s gonna be a fun series to watch.
A bih be on lock down and shit. #depressing #depressing
Love the new song I can't stop thinking about you by #sting. #sting
The title of the post started playing this in my head
They just need to clean the bathroom better.
I got a free Dr.Pepper from the vending machine #awesome #awesome
Knew [NAME] would go for it. Again, love that fake-worry shade he throws. Just add "biting nails" and he could star in movies!
I love this and you
@AldiToHarrods I'm still too nervous to try it. I need to man up and give it ago.
Me too! First time in a couple of years!
Neither, but I plan on it soon.
Glad things came out alright for you...
I can live with the bad textures, I just want them to fix the glitch that lets you see through them.
As someone who has polluted their body with copious amounts of sugar, I somewhat doubt steroids are any worse. Abuse anything and it will hurt you.
What the fuck is this doing in a cryptocurrency sub
Do whatever you want if/until you have kids. Just stay safe.
I trust WeltHam, we low ball them first and watch them come back when they can't find any bigger offers.
Yes!! Im always horny when I am with my BF, but right around ovulation, I am super horny!
You’re* such a nice person!
Your ideas are intriguing to me and I wish to subscribe to your newsletter.
My friend just messaged me 'ugh I'm so hungry I can't wait for breakfast' #socialmedia #WineWednesday  #funny #laughing  #socialmedia #winewednesday #funny #laughing
You better be praying for me. I'm living in SO MUCH SIN!
Ha ha ha, thank you so much, he is a total gentleman. Ok, bull by the horns time!
Hope you're havin a good trip my dude! Good vibes ✌🌈
I watched a couple Titan games. He used [NAME] and [NAME] very well. That alone gets me excited.
But even then it would need something else to live
@TalkTalkCare  how on earth can I send an email to you? Very annoyed customer!!! #fuming #fuming
I can’t believe that’s real
“I think of you every moment, yet not at all.” “Once shaved clean, all thoughts fade.” “From then, the world had Full River Red.” The young general of Song I can’t forget.
@RiveraJose39 happy birthday to my seed‼️‼️‼️ #renewtherivalry #imyourdaddy #cantbeatme #madden #tater #renewtherivalry #imyourdaddy #cantbeatme #madden #tater
What makes it even more bizarre is that she does hair for a living. (At least she did during the filming of the doc about her.)
*The Panic Virus* by [NAME] is a really interesting, well-researched book about the rise of the anti-vax movement.
Maybe? I was def too busy going “ohmygawd motherfucking KING SHARK!?! 🦈 “ to notice
True despair.
This is also Morning Consult, which isn't the most reliable of polls.
It feels weird reading a VICE article talking about itself in the third person.
I too live in logan square and cant for life of me find it on this map
> I dont understand why team record matters so much. The entire purpose of playing is to win games.
Apparently, they couldn't believe a massive corporation (that they're loyal to) finally called them out.
thanks for apologizing
Sadly no... I’m in Delaware 😩. But I’d love to help in any way I can. Keep me posted.
Like the Whitehouse is getting stale the fuck on now.
I don’t know anybody of 22 who gets 10 hours of sleep every night
I wish this was me.. To have lots of friends.. *Sad dragon noises*
I want to call bs on this after smelling my boyfriend's. Have to leave the room whenever he lets one out...
Good work, friend.
Tbh the floor is probably more comfortable than the seats. Doesn't make it safe though.
LOL. Super cute!
Classic Leslie!
Damn, that sucks.
He wasn't fucking with me either.
Awesome me too, can't wait.
Yeah I know :'(
Mine used to tell „you complain too much“. I was also angry when I was with him. I‘m not like that.
What does it matter we're just going to take another bust in the middle of the first round like always
never had a problem with the way my cannabis only joints burn, so no need to add anything
I tried to understand the thoughts and mixed emotions that were running through my head.
That’s the p-value, not the effect size. 0.4 is a long way from being a significant result.
Actually yes the left does need to earn my loyalty if they want me to keep voting for them
I want it!
Sensationalism as usual
I've tried the "peanut butter"...I almost vomited. NASTY! It went straight to the trash.
They look so soft and comfy.
@JonRiley7 #VoteYourConscience or succumb to #fear? 'He is #scary, he is #dangerous!' -@HillaryClinton's #alarmist #PATRIOTACT platform. #voteyourconscience #fear #scary #dangerous #alarmist #patriotact
I think it was Volantis, but yeah I agree.
I would prefer to not observe it all but federal law does not allow it.
Can someone like link me to the picture i’ve been trying to find it
It's called "internalised misogyny" and feminists are aware of it and discussing it. Thanks for your concern though.
@pianimadi regarde tes snap
[NAME], Big Bang Theory is terrible so glad it's going to be gone.
No, treating it like it’s obligatory just means it’s a standard I have. People are allowed to have standards.
Most rapists aren't, unfortunately.
This is all the creativity you folks could muster today? Up is down and red is blue? I was hoping for a little more effort. r/terribletrollisterribleattrolling
I guess his performance at blocker’s kid’s wedding sealed it.......
I feel like I’ve seen these before... but when I was very little
Why is this not 5x5? It hurts my eyes...
This sub is so edgy
Hm so sad. Am I supposed to feel bad for you because you don't look like [NAME] phelps? Btw, he's on steroids no doubt
I feel like I am drowning. #depression  #falure #worthless #depression #falure #worthless
beating up tire man
I was sad when the Hawks lost [NAME] but this Schottenheimer guy seems pretty cool.
As bad as this sub was in the 1st quarter, our announcers were just as awful.
@devrajasmine If you change the dark images both look different, but both look like they are in a forest.
100% agreed. If wanting people to understand the meaning of my comment makes me a coward, then I don't wanna be fucking brave.
I cannot believe how unbelievably well [NAME] is playing. It’s insane he hasn’t scored.
Try to listen to yourself. I should have done that more.
Why should [NAME] get to pick the Democratic party candidate?
Anyone know how I can tune in. Without paying for Blaze Tv subsription. This gonna be good.
Ready for my sweet princess to arrive. I'll he 37 weeks this Saturday! #excited  #excited
Now is the fun part, where you try to maintain this lifestyle.
Because prostitutes clearly can't be raped or kidnapped. It's so horrifying that our society still believes this.
You’re not going to convince anyone else either if you refuse to back up any of your claims.
I honestly don’t think of the term that often and generally use it seriously, but still use sparingly.
"While we've decided not to hire you for this postion mr. [NAME], we have an opening at the ticket window"
i just wanna be sober with u
The point of discussing this is to understand that people differ in talent. Some things you just can’t surpass others at through effort—don’t force it. Every trade has its master; do what you’re best at. Training a husky to compete with a border collie is clearly wrong—let your husky just be a happy handsome dog.
Another joke?
Good. Thanks everyone but finnaly some reading material. Many thanks
Ah, gotcha
That's a great song
Give it 3 days, when every MSM outlet quietly retracts the story.
plus my knees look more hardcore in black and blue.
I think they'd do ok (Sorry but as an INTJ a lack of my thoughts here is also bothering me, too)
If I get another dog imma name it after a [NAME] song SO FUCKING CUUUUTE
I know my imaginary 2 year old knows about the theories of [NAME].
Omggg me too ahahaha, i should try shopping in kids
I am now sad the latest Thief was so mediocre, because the actual City the game took place in was a great little world.
I see notifications of people commenting the source but this sub must auto delete or something. Sorry, guys. I binged her and found me quick though.
S A T I R E
Miao-chan, you’re such a cute Sichuan girl — watching a rocket launch and still marveling at national strength, unity, dreams coming true, and technological progress.
Seriously! Like can any foreign power just come in and appoint a president?
Would be better if not for the stupid gas mask. Should have had it's own comissar cap instead!
*How???* The internet never ceases to amaze me.
If I had that I’d stop working and travel full time. I do not understand the avarice of the wealthy. It makes no fucking sense.
This was diabolical. This is our Ulema. Wonder where we went wrong...
Dual income and continuous monogamous sex. If the sex stops before 60 I'm out, I'm not going to be one of those /r/deadbedrooms losers.
Emergency vehicle, lights on, no siren?
Probably her ex-fiancé [NAME]. It has been a few episodes without a man telling viewers how magic [NAME] is. Bet a jealous [NAME] will do the job.
i’ve heard its convenient if its a particularly messy job
He's about 30 years old, but he looks much older due to how natural he is.
Take this down my dude. This is cruel.
His teeth were very, very white.
Wow [NAME] just lost a loyal customer. From now on I guess I'm gonna have to use dollar shave club to shave my taint
@TDsNation I blame how broken madden is this year
Is that a kid directly beside her?
Hopefully "new games" doesn't mean "new ways to put money into other things besides our main games."
He kinda looks like [NAME]
Bit of a pain for us awkward-types, but never fear!
That glass woulda broken the truck ha
I died a little inside watching all of that champagne go to waste.
That's so awesome! (I am so jealous hahaha)
[NAME] i actally kind of like [NAME] but he is such a punk
You're allowed to me a little mean here, no one will tell lol
If we backed a second referendum and the Lib Dems were at 10% I'd be pretty annoyed to be honest. Cheeky sods.
at 3:49
Which was in 2017. Enjoy your loss and shush. You'd think having 1 win in a month would humble you...
Right, no one wants to deal with that.
I don't know if I'm comfortable with a religion that approves of human sacrifice tbh
[NAME] looks queasy already I like where this is going
The white thing high up in the yellow square is my uncle [NAME] glass eye. Wonder how it got there.
That dude is Russian intelligence
Chia is this you?
Appreciate the love! Maybe during the offseason, for sure! I'll pass it along
Uhh don’t you mean [NAME] and [NAME]? They were so sweet together! /s
Lol, crazy move of the goalpost but okay
Any man who won’t fight for his kids isn’t worth your time.
Seeing that knife on this subreddit put the fear of [NAME] in me
Take an updoot for making me smirk and smile. It might be immature, but it's hilarious.
Yes I do, I even tried a brand new pod as well and nothing
It’s so easy to go on killstreaks in the prequel maps except Geonosis. You just suck.
Yep that helps. I’m in a sneakarchy for sure. Thanks for the info!
Yes, huge problems. Buy it anyway. Such a sexy car with the power and fun to drive factor to match.
This is one of the most entertaining posts I've seen in a long time. Got a little adrenaline surge when he jumped. Wow.
Provided you didn’t break any of their rules, you should email OKC support.
Sold out. Sorry my dude!
it's quite a large red flag. It depends on the context, but if they are in her dating league, I would be suspicious.
Sorry I was being facetious
Most men who gtow have had relationships in the past that turned out to be disasterous, and now they're just salty about women.
That is so adorable. Her username as well.
Man you'd be shocked to know some women still remain passive even when married.
I thought she was stuck-up and nerdy.
Reminded me of becoming a chef. Started as a dishwasher. Gave up. Turned programer.
Because it’s more fun?
Irrelevant what is deserved, as if that's objective. The only thing that matters are the facts and they don't support a move like this.
He gave me my love of science and education.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @haythatjamile8  #musically #musically
Someone's nicked my lunch out the fridge at work!! Roast dinner as well! #fuming #fuming
You will never find someone who loved you like I did. And that my love, will be my revenge.
Shoutout to @VZWSupport for ruining my iPhone 7 order!!
Can't believe Zain starting secondary this year 😢
Death isn’t the end — forgetting is. I visit martyr cemeteries across the nation to remember your stories. Welcome home — this flourishing age is what you wished for.
I'm disappointed in you too.
I'm glad centrists feel unwelcome in the labour party, that's how things should be.
I cannot lose you, because if I ever did, I'd have lost my best friend, my soul mate, my smile, my laugh, my everything.
Leave chicken in a vat of blue dye overnight and you'll lose all the pink
Needed a good laugh today 😂
I'm just saying as far as having incoherent political worldviews goes... it's ironic...
Who said anything about being confused? No disagreement here whatsoever. :)
Lol my comment started all this again
I enjoyed the new format but I will say it was strange without the band
Thank you for the advice. It is really really appreciated. 🙂
Hmm ... Vancouver is not on the list? that's interesting ...
@lebara - worst possible decision I could have made when arriving in the UK. Shocking service. Poor coverage.
Don’t worry about the baby but yes worry about your mom...
Nah I'll be right thanks [NAME]
How stupid of [NAME] to rely on LibDems to stop the idea of referendum.
I've never read an article that made me experience both disgust and schadenfreude in equal measure like this one has.
Lets spare him his life from this monstrosity
same but with cats. Puppies are really high maintenance and make me angry when i have to take care of them.
@RealestCastiel just sitting close to him for an extended period of time was exhilarating because he's so beautiful and lively lol
Plus, thinking you know someone that you don't just weirds them out. It must be disturbing having people flock around your persona, ffs.
Just hit Leichhardt! Well, the wind has, waiting for the cool now though!
Thank you! <3
I love playing [NAME] against everyone. Main fire for 2 seconds, alt fire in the head, 100🔥
> It's a bad precedent to start once this community grows. Community does what?
@MissFushiGaming I hashtag things and the kids always tell me to stop 😭😭😭😭😭 #sadness #sadness
The reason most people don't get the joke is because it's such a bad one, that they think that it's not meant to be one.
There should not be enough nurses against vaccines to hold up the stupid sign.
And here we go again 😓
@kagehime3 I'm so starved for content I'd take it but I'd def pout about it (՟ິͫઘ ՟ິͫ)
Man, these fourth quarters, the Nets are on some [NAME] shit. It just seems mental now
Safeco had these chocolate covered "fruit kabobs" that were damn good.
It’s been a month in Huadu — finally hoped to go out, but still can’t go anywhere.
Yes! [NAME] was heavily involved in a murder. Why does everyone forget this? Now he’s all over tv and a darling.
I just bought myself a Bears pullover starter jacket. 8th grade me would be jealous!!
Hulu is awful for this. The volume on their commercials is deafening.
I still really like you — like the endless rain of the plum monsoon. 💚
Why on earth would that happen? Do you really just discard all reality and think of things in terms of a pantomime?
You used the correct term. Good job.
This is full of bullshit
Yeah no...I would find it very demeaning
Update: I have yet to hang out with @MisElizaJane, but I'm still hopeful!
Didn’t realize two different intros were so many. I’ll warm this community up to hip hop eventually ;) Appreciate the shoutout!
Funny, but why do I care what his name is?
We're not roasting you. That's not how it works here. Go get help and feel better then come back for proper roasting.
after months on months of making gameoverse, he’s had no time. it’s getting the best of him now... pray for him
Imagine is the other kids parent pulled a [NAME] on em.
I wish I could come up with a bad cat joke in response to that.
Yeah, ive had a lot of time to myself to find the words to describe the pain. So youre welcome.
"I *need* to smoke this pot because of my headaches, Tylenol doesn't work for me" *proceeds to use Tylenol other days*
Right, but their wages *are* lower *because* they get tipped.
At least you can't be strangled with a mobile phone.
I appreciate it!
Now comes your affiant, [NAME], law school and attorney credentialing expert. I don't understand what's wrong, though. [NAME] passed the bar.
No worries. Just giving you a hard time!
Damn, wish I could just pick up a hobby and start training 4 or 5 times a week...
I took my eye away from the camera and found the little guy ( or little girl, can't really tell ) a few feet above me now.
I seen reactions to this elsewhere and DAM famales are some sensitive fucers, you see something online and your whole life fall apart like 🙂🖥️😢😭😢😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Oh....yuck
my mom cut my phone off and I'm so furious 🤗
Of course, I could have soaked my hand in a bucket for a couple of hours, but that's not the case here.
Wtfr*ck [NAME] would never say n word !
In the first page, the author refers to the abuse of [NAME].
The game felt like an awesome sci-fi TV series, with each mission feeling like a great episode. The pacing of this game was damn near perfect.
Right outside of 723, formerly quad studios. 2pac was shot in the elevator of that studio.
Never argue with religious people. You can't win. They think [NAME] is real after all.
As a fellow shuffle/jamskater this makes me really happy lol.
Cheers, i was out of date. Things change fast!
But all this does is hurt the average person not the right way to raise money.
> It's about equality of outcomes. It's beyond that.
Amanda and I carried the washer up with no problems but as we sat it down in the street, my back gave out.
It is a racist nickname because you're literally using the man's race as a means to criticize him.
lol me too. _"Go on in you scraggly old bastard!"_
More admired than [NAME] [NAME] is admired by starbucks baristas. Unemployed kids. And cat ladies
when we're offended. Lol
@lizbon @anomalily @gerikkransky Sorry for the levity if at all inappropriate but this combined with my love of Charlotte reminds me rn...
Ugh I'm sorry man! Jerk off until your heart is content and don't apologize for it!
Thanks! I was actually considering that myself, but I'm scared that I'll just start rambling about it
Pretty much yeah, it’s crazy that 2 years later that someone picked 56 picks later is better as a player
Look at you, Mr Independent! You're such a big boy! I'm so proud of you!
No one is without scars. At any time, believe — only you can truly heal yourself. Don’t complain, learn tolerance; don’t fear loneliness, grow in solitude. — Lu Xiaoman, “Moving Forward with Time”
Lmao god damn
IMO, the lack of visual clarity makes Siphon way more powerful than it should be.
Lol I need details!?
And they went to therapy. At least they made active steps to work on their problems unlike a lot of other people.
If you made it a goal to speak a word to him, then how do you know you are blocked?
I love lions. Wouldn't want one in my house though. Might scare the dog. Same thing with children for me!
Sadly I had to scroll through the story to read this
Which makes zero sense lol
Looks like modern art tbh but its good
And always say I love you. My SO is an officer and we ALWAYS say I love you before we leave each other.
Just because you stopped to let me cross doesn't mean the other 3 lanes of cars did.
Shit he gets too close to a girl and she's liable to hit him with roach spray.
Wait a second what? The asshat found the story? Can someone teach me how to use the way back machine so i can read this?
Is this the Krusty Krab?\n\nNo this is crippling depression
[NAME] insists it went off the glass, i trust him!
fuck these dysfunctional, insecure mattresses
I am shocked they don’t have a vanity plate that reads “Beer Cheez”
I want to steal a star and let it fall softly into your dream under the hazy moonlight.
Everyone hates these posts but when we do post them it’s because we too are also proud of the work we do. Congrats!
Hang on to that feeling brother, it gets easier :)
Have them put out a Linux client and I'll be happy to give them a try.
I've had sleep paralysis once and it is really bad.
i think ) into my skin to make the wound bigger then squeezed everything out.
This world doesn't deserve baby sloths!
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @rosannahill  #musically #musically
It’s copypasta from like 2004 lol
You really can't. So just dont worry about it
My friend is watching Grey's for the first time and she also got to this episode late last week. Weird.
@SonuKumar876543 Thank you for sharing your concern. Please DM your Jio &amp; alternate number to assist you - Rahul
Maybe not the only one but he is our best shot.
I should have stayed at home.
That man deserves a good whiskey. Hook him up.
Yeah that was my bad. I was just heated after that loss and was being an ass. My b
Wow. I just read the synopsis, and that’s really what happens.
***huh?***
Imagine being triggered so hard that you ignore science and make up false claims
It’s mostly because PAX is this week and a lot of players and GMs were off doing that . The game store was super supportive.
Yup. "Tell that to [NAME]"
#FURRIES 😾 OUT, OUT! ^👉 #🤚 WE NEED A WALL 🖐️ AROUND R/SUBREDDITDRAMA 👋 AND MAKE R/FURRY_IRL 👐 PAY FOR IT!! ☝️ #furries
Loved it. Can't wait to see more.
I would never tell anyone stick is better than pad, but speaking personally, it's way more fun
What a great reason to have kids.
@Conorojo Loool understand the pessimism but it will 😂
Thank you! I'm going to do my very best. ❤❤❤
@0510Keisuke devour the unborn\nhuman rejection\nfrom wrath to ruins
She had it so good with [NAME] as his ex. Girlfriend was so freaking nice.
Cook it in a round dish. The taste got confused because of corners
some men sit to pee. men also get attacked and feel vulnerable in certain areas. the more you know.
I used to have a German Shepherd X Siberian Husky that looked so much like this.
The person next to you has a high chance of having candy or something cool packed in there so it would be nice to have variety
I will say, this tanking season is a lot more enjoyable than [NAME] cause we don't see [NAME] looking confused on the sideline every game.
Note to self: always remember to draw my eyebrows on before posting a selfie.
Have you actually seen the pictures of her scratches? There’re not on her stomach at all, they’re on her side and back.
I want my Thick Blood feat to actually say “F*CK YOU” every time I deny a Peacekeeper their bleed damage.
Yes, the Raptors need to stop committing dumb fouls.
Shut up [NAME]
For your is the First president to impose an audit on the DOD....... This Never happen.
[NAME] responded in the most honest and best way possible, even with the sassy "Pfffft" sound before telling her to fuck off lol
Fun fact. If you combined North Dakota, South Dakota, Wyoming and Montana into one state it would have roughly the same population as Puerto Rico!
Proud of you for overcoming your fear of deep water @ShawnMendes
>[NAME] One of the most horrifying stories I've ever heard of: the mom should be in psychiatric care and the doctor thrown in jail IMO.
@tttinplay nice. why are u fuming then 😂
The horrible puns for the day have been made. I shall return to my cage in a dark corner by myself while crying &amp; laughing hysterical now.
What about white supremacist? BLM called [NAME] a white supremacist terrorist, that label is damaging and in the same lines of a neo nazi.
@billie21806 @cnnbrk tell that to your bodies cheering on the deaths of black people by cops. their fear is killing us.
Omg, thank you!
Nobody is really on about anything.
@1ncamera @Weehugs @DavidYoungPA @PA Stupidity is part of their proud cultural identity. 😠
Don't know where you live, but 7/11 is my friend. Stock all the flavors. Just 2x more expensive in Chicago due to reasons.
@KhoroshiySoldat --prepared.\n\n'Not as far as I know.' was her dull reply. 'There are still survivors, members from it. Like I said,-/
tfw you're en-route to your future :) !! @HUCJIR i'm coming for ya! #openhouse #futurecantor  #NYCletsgo #openhouse #futurecantor #nycletsgo
I don't know you, but I am so proud of you. Hugs.
Man, fuck that shit. He lost us the Sonics, he has no business running for public office.
Why are you assuming the guy will be locked up? What terrorists have we released from prison?
AND MY AXE!
Having a baby born too soon is #lifechanging 6 years on and it feels like only yesterday #sad #happy #angry #emotionalrollercoaster #lifechanging #sad #happy #angry #emotionalrollercoaster
Cheers, I enjoyed your announcers. Sucks we don't get to play again until next year
I might have accidentally brought some back when I went to Peru. 🤦🏻‍♀️ Ah man I loved pisco.
Great, now this song will be stuck in my head for the next 2 weeks.
I would not recommend water panties, you might find things a bit squishy! ;)
What a Croc
Is [NAME] up to his neck is dodgy dealings again after RHI?
Rules say no identifying information
Pride and Prejudice is a modern day Keeping up with the Kardashians' - @howsyourdaybin .............I've never been so offended in my life
The lower the level, the worse it gets. A town under Dancheng just reopened shops, and the new mayor’s forcing them to renovate!
he's been around forever but apparently none of y'all have RES
Crosspost from same community?
Strangely enough 70% of women in the work place are queen bees
i am. This means i will move from MTN to VODACOM. and i only roam!! Wow
I have the exact same issue and also had my ears checked recently but there is no issue with my hearing
Goodness, that shot of McDonald's is **super** old. It looks like a picture from the 90s/early 2000s.
[NAME] was useless, aside from bandaging [NAME] up a bit more than she already did and treating [NAME], name one decision [NAME] has made smartly.
I love [NAME].. I just hate how he leaves the net SO MUCH. He's got the heart of a defense. Damn that beautiful bastard.
I was in Korea in July and August, it's hot as humid hell. Spring and autumn are better.
I am stunned
Thanks for cheering me up!?
Oh jeez I missed that :(
We gotta keep our hopes up sometime.
@ankitaverma45 @honey5991 rejoicing over someone's sadness is bad but when #Karma  is cencerned then definitely some people deserve it.. #karma
2005? I think we might be the same person lol. What a terrible year. I go back to that one a lot.
y'all shabazz's name in my phone is 'easy breezy beautiful' &amp; I will not apologize.
It's awesome. Sorry, I am a red-blooded male. I see a beautiful woman with a thick 10/10 body and I like it. 😎
Yknow that is one of the main reasons farmers have a lot of kids right? Cheap labor.
you are my inspiration, read my last post quickly!
Mate you're talking to a Remainer who wants to Remain... I just want a Labour Government that's all.
Someone made this album, dwights a bit lanky but I enjoyed it.
Baby, You get all the credit with your excellent research!
There's less chance [NAME] will elect a moron dumber than he is.
Only had 1 line to worry about and they did all the damage
Honestly at this point I don't think there's anything that will make me feel better. Maybe down the road, but right now nothing is helping.
I'd love to collab with some reddit folks on NFL Draft prospect scouting, rankings and mock drafts if anyone is interested.
@SRuhle @MSNBC Sebestian Gorka, what a arrogant A~hole! Has no business speaking!
When I am outside for daily errands, then it sometimes is inevitable, unfortunately
Thankyou!!!!!
Yes, always during exam periods. And she was saying to everyone she was supportive and letting me focus on my stuff.
It was worth mentioning anyways, the Packers are a special kind of awful.
This brother know we know that his life was not in danger. This gun law got people in this country fearing for their life. White people.
No they can't. Rent increases has to be given notice at least 30 days prior
Really rude move to do that in the rest room though.
I don't think this happened at all tbh
I'll pass the "I'm not crying you're crying!" part. Yeah I'm crying.
"cool little surprise" ow youtubers: NEW HERO NEW SKINS NEW MAPS NEXT WEEK?!
@AceOperative789 no pull him afew weeks ago, sadly theres no game audio or sound affects cause i played it on my phone and tryed everything
That sucks! Your lady giblets are NONE of her damn business. Does your BF at least try to curb her mouth?
Can't wait
I was later taken to the banks of the river where my head was shaved and my body stripped off jewelry.
We are going with Godsey. This team is so dumb.
@PuddlesPityP once again you have made me a very happy woman! Thx P and Casey. Sigh. #worththewait #cry #beyootifulll #worththewait #cry #beyootifulll
@RealBD_ @ReyesAverie 47 unarmed blacks killed by white cops in 2015. That many die every month in Chicago wheres the
That poor girl who said she'd help out is about to get a surprise when she finds out she has to pay for the coffee.
I stopped, my foot already at a turn in the road that led down to a sunlit valley.
[NAME] would say yes I think but that’s a hard pass from me
Boy was I wrong.
She's aggressive in every TLJ fight. She even bullied that poor homeless man.
@DJ_Musicologist #Disney's 1994 #animated #musical #film #TheLionKing was influenced by #WilliamShakespeare's #Hamlet. Songs by #EltonJohn. #disney #animated #musical #film #thelionking #williamshakespeare #hamlet #eltonjohn
Thank [NAME] though! Imagine someone like that with kids... yikes
That's how I apologize to carists, too
Mediocrity? We were just in the nfc chamionship game. As far as NFL franchises go, the Vikings are far from mediocre
Classic sloth fuckboi
A little nose irritation and a little more chills on my body. I'm so not into flu, into flu, into flu #FallSongs #fallsongs
who tf is the middle guy? [NAME] is supposed to have sunglasses and a clown car like in FE6
Remember the 2020 “Permanent Residency for Foreigners” policy? Way too lenient.
I’m sorry men, I have failed you. My rigidity was no match for the flaccid effort our boys showed tonight
Did your finger go completely sloppy? Thats grossly awesome.
I hate you for that title. Thanks a lot. /s Right as I’m about to go to sleep too.
Let me guess, are you [NAME]?
This would be epic.
They’re all nothing but a pack of liers and should all be thrown in jail
Cheers, cheers_im_drunk_bot.!
12 is ambitious!! I’ll do this with you, but my goal would be 4
There should be a vigilante whose superpower is not having to stumble over to somebody after being injured.
They know a lot of people aren't paying attention to the quieter news that doesn't get sensationalized
you made history, at least
Am I lost?
Foreigners not wearing masks are so selfish! How many could they infect? Why is no one stopping them? No train police?
Shes 43 with 4 kids. That's so far past the wall it's not funny.
That’s awesome! Heal up quickly
A fatass? Look at him. You think he cares about his appearance? He’s likely talking about alcohol anyway.
Even if it’s available 24/7 on your new website 99% of it is ugly so people still won’t buy it.
That username lmao
Oh well I guess. Can't blame you for that. We aren't all [NAME] though.
Theres nothing more despicable in this world than a carelessly brewed mug of chai brother. You gotta get with the program.
That's really awesome!
I can’t wait to try the cleric class again!
Some of us can't do syrup any more. :(
As a guess: Didn't want to exit, but wasn't about to stay put after hitting another truck.
Ok will do, but I listened to the ep right before I posted this.
A burned hand teaches best, after that advice about fire goes to the heart.
@Chawndi @YouTube can i ask im trying to pout a code on csgo roll i cant when i pout the code its red color.. help pls
I hate that we cant be trusted to self criticize and we have to have Russian news do it. It feels like watching fox.
Sometimes, I feel bad if I don't every now and then. I mostly talk with her on SC/IG tho.
Athenian: When mirth is the order of the day, he ought to be honoured most who gives most mirth to the greatest number (Laws)
Like John and Will.
This is ugly af sry
Sweet mother sweet mother
I don’t believe the mislintat or the big joke parts
Naw man that’s my stove, I just wish I had a carrot 🥕 for y’all
Was your father a member? Or did you save a member? :o (very cool!)
I prefer to pay for my hugs, higher quality.
Poor [NAME], three lovers in 15 seasons
Time wounds all heels.\n\n #DrunkJesus #rt #lol #wisdom #quote #comedy #self #Revenge  #hate #time #funny #politics #Trump #POTUS2016 #drunkjesus #rt #lol #wisdom #quote #comedy #self #revenge #hate #time #funny #politics #trump #potus2016
Sorry for the delay. Nanaimo's a union/mill town, so no surprise the NDP won.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy
Growing soybean on the moon is really going to piss off the trade war neckbeards.
Wow - never seen negative karma before I clicked on your name lol.
Welp that was inconsiderate of those who had to suffer. Should of gone home and showered, then head back to the gym.
I’ll never forget — when the elite troops from Jinan Military Region were deployed, landslides were everywhere, roads were damaged, and they could only hike into the epicenter, still facing aftershocks and danger. The frontline commander said, “If we die, we die on the road to Wenchuan!”
did he give up out of embarrassment having knocked back chicago for us and then not getting to join us.
Yeah, because it’s soooo arduous to look at someone’s profile for five seconds.
No one to blame here, bad luck is what it is.
[NAME]! Scoring ridiculous goals while missing sitters. Love it :-)
I hope she will. I will regret it until she does and even after that I may still regret all I did.
@DavuuWart this is hilarious !!
We desperately need a veteran WR with so many rookies around. Like a [NAME] for [NAME] and company.
Actually someone already said goodbye so checkmate idiot
What if [NAME] shows up? I heard he loves Mexican food.
“hurrrr mumble crap sucks so much u cant understand what they saying wheres all the lyrical spiritual miracle individual biblical rhymes smh”
Mr. [NAME] Moderate himself. I do hope the DCCC pours money into [NAME] rematch campaign when he declares.
He’s also got a girlfriend that he really seems to care about....
>implying Packers fans have ever fucked anything besides their siblings
No it wouldn't you dumbass
Thanks! Definite props to him because he was pulling a double shift when we were at the capacity of campers.
Praying this goes to at least 4. I like both the players but would really like to see [NAME] play to his max GS potential
So cynical! 🙄 😂
Real-life goblin checking in. It’s very demoralizing.
This is what it's like, when 🍌🍌🍌🍌 cry.
You just gotta have little faith. They are gonna need more money and maybe then we can get to Tahiti.
There’s a weird [NAME] version of this where the person falls and finds [NAME]
Wrapping his arms tightly around me and letting a warm breath escape his mouth onto the back of my neck.
Wayakum, [NAME] make it easy for you inshAllah. Feel free to PM me if you or your brother have any questions. Would love to help out.
Haven’t even drunk their mother’s milk—can’t watch or can’t air it? What’s the essence of “not allowed to view” versus “not allowed to broadcast”?
Absolutely this is the kind of absolute hypocrisy that made me leave the church!
My rabbit had one just like this before she passed. I hope the animal is okay.
Please stop posting things like this, this is serious, keep it civil, keep it real, thanks.
Fine as long as the experience is not frustrating. Problem is not balance problem is it’s not fun
Thanks for the feedback! I will certainly keep that length range in mind.
Thanks buddy, looks pretty cool.
Oh gosh, I'm so sorry you had to deal with that. It sounds like you handled it really well. Kids are cruel.
@atlabps He doesn't intimidate me, it just annoys me to have him by my side. The further he is, the better I feel
Absolutely ripping for that show. Really excited to see what they play!
A lifetime of laughter at the expense of the death of a bachelor
this is a GANGSTER-ASS revelation!!!!. thanks mr. [NAME]!
Good luck [NAME]
Yeah tis marketing tweet from the melbourne AFLW team about their captain seems like marketing being pushed down my throat. You woke af.
Are you being sarcastic for good news? lol
@MafiaWorldMario Stg everybody say that 😂 then when we tell them they got huff they be mad as shit
I said I'm full, sir. That means no desert either. No one likes a pushy waiter.
Chickens would definitely die out, sheep might have a small chance at surviving, cows might have a slightly higher chance, but pigs would surely survive.
Uh yeah dude [NAME]!!
Are you lost?
I was really hoping you meant that we shouldn't need to call ourselves feminists because it should just be common sense, but I guess I was wrong.
Dont ask about Missouri. Ask about the towns in South Carolina already disapearing due to rising sea levels.
Man. Just tuned in. Forgot it was an early game. Looks like it's been a positive game so far from pretty much everyone.
@BowkerMorgan awe thanks morgs!!! love u lots girly ❤️😊❤️
You should be proud. I hope that I'll have the will to keep myself held to such a standard when the time comes.
Yes! It's hard to believe that some people like warm toilet seats enough to pay for it as a feature.
A nation with a large part of the population living in #fear  of the police is neither #great nor #free  - it's actually a #fascist  nation #fear #great #free #fascist
Everything's broken then. It's not like all other discourse is high minded and unemotional.
My morning started off amazing!! Hopefully the whole day is going as i want it to go!\n#GreatDay #optimism #optimism
Nothing official, just a gut feeling. We'll see though as today we should have an update.
My ankle is feeling 100x better, but now my knee is ridiculous swollen.
I just poured boiling water on my foot.. now my cup of tea is less enjoyable, but worse my football career is foiled.
Love your /u/ so much.
I was thinking about Fergie's music M.I.L.F and seriously, if I'm a mother someday, I'll be a M.I.L.F  #lmao #Empowerment #adorable #lmao #empowerment #adorable
I never said it was irrelevant. I am trying to add on to what the OP had said for potential savings.
Part of being an adult is putting awkward on the back burner because some things are more important and need to be said.
Are they dead? I don’t recall this bit of the Nativity play.
No, it was believed that the baby absorbed maternal traits because the mother was the "soil" the "seed" grew in.
Why the assumption that Kitchens will turn out better than JBC did? The scenarios seem very similar
i was there in october and i was shocked at the amount of people on the interstate just casually browsing facebook while driving.
Plus why did I have a baby 4 days before Christmas this is gonna haunt me forever!!!
Quote_Soup: Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything. #optimism #optimism
Bless this woman. That honestly sounds horrific from every end. I hope her ex [NAME] has lived a horrendous life since perpetuating that disgusting act.
I guess it's fair to say that that's one life ruined.
I love how she has no idea what to do. Like stop drop and roll 🤦‍♂️
He is the main character. They are gonna have him in every episode somehow lol
When testing stops being just for diagnosis and becomes tied to health codes—when a travel card with a star triggers blanket bans—then what’s the point of these local health codes? Just self-entertainment?
i appreciate the consistency of your values.
Not really someone I despise, but definitely someone I was ashamed of.
One of his most underrated and nostalgic songs ever. This song has a special place in my heart.
Probably overdose in a hotel after losing my virginity to an escort on my 30th birthday
lol dont try and fucking blame [NAME] for not passing it to a guy who has been bricking all night.
Yeah seriously! I saw the controller and I thought "don't do it, don't do it!"
You can hear she's already starting another lol
That is not a side swipe. That's a full on t-bone. But I hope they all made it through somehow.
I dropped him around week 6 and let somebody else deal with that headache
@ruthwalford95 you may be right, but since year the bad events begin with B, I'm privately hoping we've got at least C-Z to go 1st
You’re not the police
Whataburger misses you too. Come back and visit when you can!
I'm sorry for your loss. Truly. I hope you and your family are doing okay.
Thanks! I’m Excited To See How This Meme Become In The Future!
Really? First I’ve heard of it lol.
...and they're gone. Didn't even get to see what they cost.
This is truly terrifying.
The comments made by [NAME] to Truth on Smackdown about [NAME] makes me really think [NAME] has an outside chance at the win
Can we get a shot of Lingys face at 1/4 time ? Pretty sure it would be more red then his hair #fuming #pretendinghesok #ruok #AFLCatsSwans #fuming #pretendinghesok #ruok #aflcatsswans
Sorry for all the questions I just find ASPD to be a fascinating disorder. I have BPD SO to me not having emotions sounds like a dream.
@CapehartJ agree!  Those latest polls #alarming #alarming
> Am i missing something? Because it won't be repealed.
My hometown’s average salary is ¥3,000, yet new apartments cost over ¥10,000 — and it’s just a fourth-tier county. How unbearable.
Who are you again?
>I think any progressive would be against laws that force anyone to say anything. You thought wrong.
I really love watching this one more than the goals.
Abso-goddamn-lutely. It’s the only thing I can think of that can make otherwise rational people defend rape, murder, genocide and slavery.
But doing those things makes me feel so.... icky.
Brave move. Congrats and best of luck.
@Sami749263491 yeah whatever, whahibbi are #muslims just a sect, as you know,  #islam is synonymous with #rape and  #muslims #islam #rape
I have and i’ve also shot some ak’s they’re not too bad but i still prefer handguns despite the kick.
Not bad at all.
[NAME] damn what a comeback. I love this teams fight.
This will either be a classic or a complete shitshow
The guy just loves drama
The hero we didn't deserve ,but the hero we needed.
Yeh It’s pretty obvious how I misread it bc ... I misread it. I didn’t downvote you.
@tbergg1 mine are good rn, gonna be horrid after next week
Super [NAME] with a hat, or providing a buffed hat sounds really funny, if incredibly useless.
Having fled to the other side of the planet 15 years ago.
@RogueCoder250 We are in so much trouble!! I don't think the Rev will see the funny side of our project. #nervous #nervous
At least [NAME] gave us entertainment
Happiness is not earned, it is a choice that can be made once your basic needs are met.
He's being so unprofessional. He's out for blood for some reason.
Love is a drug
I'll have some wasabi with tapeworms tonight thanks.
I love spaghetti... Can I have your recipe?
Reading on that sub makes me sick.
Holy panel gaps, [NAME]!
trust me, he's not.
Quit talking about politics.
Some questions are best left undebated.
Sorry to link it here but would love to get some opinions on this post
Daddy issues [NAME]
Reminds me of the old lady in Police Academy 4 shooting the .44 magnum. Damn that was fun!
I actually found the whole screenshot – without cropping – on r/funny so I mean
I do to! We all heard a huge crash and bang and I ran over expecting the worse. Was truly a miracle
how the hell do I post a picture
I don't know any but my own I'm afraid.
No more [NAME] from Georgia. Suck it you old, ugly hag.
Suddenly, I was awake.
Just from this video I can conclude that Saquon is a better DB than BW Webb is.
CIA?... Yes, this one right here.
i will never watch greys anatomy ever ever ever ever ever again if Shonda Rimes takes away another OG character☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️ #fuming #fuming
no it is not the same. At the level of 3k in income then it may seem the same or trivial to bother with though.
Should of just stabbed her up tbh why let someone steal from you
Roses - still gives me goosebumps till this day
PNW represent! Southern Oregon. Our non-mono scene is....pretty sparse.
[NAME] bless you, fellow [NAME]! What a wonderful testimony of the changes that [NAME] can make in us.
Thanks my boet
Until you realize immortal Trout is better...
BOUNDARIES. have some boundaries. say no. don't go. this is frustrating to read, honestly. don't do things that you hate doing.
The nerve of that [NAME] album on his wall. I still can’t believe he has a child.
I have never seen [NAME] playing like this! (only started watching this season, not sure about last one)
#hate going to the doctor on so many levels but least I can go sleep with a #smile just watched #Dwight on live nation #hate #smile #dwight
That’s! How you defeat a bear!!!!
These rich fucking senators are completely out of touch with reality. Eat. The. Rich.
She looks JUST like that little girl [NAME] that won America’s Got Talent, the ventriloquist.
Bedside Rounds (which that user puts out) is also a very interesting podcast on medical history.
Oh good point! I bet the farthest they go is reporting to credit agencies. Which still sucks but he can always fight that outside of court.
Surely *some* of the "resistance" have kids and are at least slightly disgusted by this.
if they that lame then disprove them mate.
It’s more important to document it for karma.
you're hilarious. Thanks for the entertainment this morning.
This was posted at the exact same time as another guy posted it on here, and that scares me.
Fuck these trendy hipster joints. Give me my shit like normal fucking people.
They typically go bad before use. I can buy a plastic banana!
Even though it should level out, it's still currently having major detrimental impacts on the environment and human suffering
I wonder what was stopping that barber using the lightning network for payments?
Let's keep it going! Make the rest of the team win it boys!
Anyone else feel like this should have ended, "Enjoy the ride and there's a Pimento Taco--a Pimentaco--in the glove box?"
I'd be worried about the tone, not the content.
I'd be terrible at this, I eat so slow.
Love it! It’s somewhat realistic. Maybe not that THAT degree, but I enjoyed it.
They've actually gotten a bit worse :D Started with just a dry cough, now it's pain swallowing, stuffed nose, but the cough is now better
I have multiple throwaways for the embarrassing or depressing things I need to get off my chest.
I love [NAME]. He's another great option for 6th man.
Yes, yes, yes. Oh my [NAME]!
I don’t know how to link but if you search within this page there was a whole thread on it
Congratulations on the successful launch of the Mengtian lab module! Hope Xiao Wang can also successfully redraw the A Midsummer Night’s Dream poster and restore the original pose.
Bro we were all aasim at that moment
Damn kev I knew you love [NAME] but wow this is next level
Thank you for the references!
It's like muricans don't want to protect their own jobs and are happy to become low-wage dump and burn workers for the owning class.
Or they just don't understand why cats do that with kittens.
I'm not looking for pity or sorrow. Thanks for your input.
Give the kids back to the parent that actually cares about them [NAME].
Anyone else see her 10 year challenge post today or yesterday. I'm so shocked she wouldn't pick this picture.
Repost. But still nuce.
Women don't have penises so cannot rape by the legal definition of the word. They can sexually assault however.
yeah its cool
Problem is that picture is there before you ever set foot in the cabin; [NAME] put it there. Just makes it creepy.
[NAME]: "I wish I won't get robbed of a victory again" [one finger of the monkeys paw curls]
If you eat plants, you are eating animal’s food. That is so cruel!
I am still confused a bit lol
Yeah, I haven’t kept up with that show lol
Or maybe you could just learn the match up since they already gutted him in the last patch.
groceries are getting crazy expensive
Anyway, I finished up and went back inside and decided to brush my teeth and straighten my shirttail, which had gotten twisted while sitting on the floor of the hall reading for two hours.
Yesterday , on 21 Sept. 2016 , i installed a new stratagem including audacity by rejoicing at Harbour tower,i will tenaciously follow up up.
I'm not saying he might be like big foot but it might be like natural biological father says blood boiling if he cross
> consider another better job Oh believe me I am doing that. But this will have to do for now!
IM GONNA PASS OUT
They’re all so damn gorgeous. No complaints here lol
##EVEN IF YOU DONT WANT TO WATCH IT, GO TO 40:20 AND WATCH FOR 20 SECONDS, I SWEAR TO FUCKING [NAME] YOU WILL LOVE IT #even
I cheered for the Superbowl to be canceled
@RobRiggle @joelmchale @NFLonFOX I still can't get jimmy garoppolo out of my head and it's been almost 3 weeks. Thanks a lot!
Thank you for sharing this with us
How do you ever stop being #afraid of someone that you live with #afraid
Trust me, I my self wish it happened before this filming
Just got back today — terrible process, first time disappointed in my hometown. No clear policy, no method, one-size-fits-all. Called community saying I’d not eaten all day; they said go to hotel if I want meals — then “no rooms, go home.”
I'd say that the vast majority of the population is and was rightly looked on as horrific. Christmas music makes me feel like a real [NAME].
I'm gonna think of a jojo reference for every situation, just you wait reddit. Just you wait...
Somebody should make this a smaller video to share it around, this poor kid is going through a lot.
It doesn't *meet* any moral or ethical standpoint.
That and customizable CSS makes me so happy. /r/Firefoxcss if you’re interested : )
Ah, our primary investigator picks another hole with his salt mining tools. Well done.
ah gotcha, you zoomed in a lot further than i expected.
Gotta love how these are mostly done at churches, no separation there.
I really like your writing!
Tbh I think it’s hilarious and love it.
Me too and you made me feel better because I thought I couldn't keep up due to being old lol.
This could have been done in two panels and that’s honestly what annoys me the most about this
Yeah maybe shutting down all those barracks near the border wasn't a great idea.
>I get that.. You don't
Is this for an open carry? Or will I be limited to just owning at home, which is what I want anyway.
@bxchpls03 U so lucky ahu 😭
You ain't wrong
Because there isn’t an unlimited supply of beautiful 20-year-olds.
we legally can't do that now mr. [NAME]
There's more updates further down.
Keep it too the one thread please, you're already not keeping up .
Congrats dude!
Well, that's just a distraction for the color of your resume.
No no forms or anything. I was pleading with them not to go and it seemed surreal that I was being forced to go
I wish I could be as cute as that :c
I like long hair but it's never been a huge consideration in love.
On Weibo full of contrarians, opinions vary — but many tune in just for him. I did. He’s a quality guarantee.
Your right i will talk to him tonight
@ImNotInfected — rather someone that could help her. Concern clouded her green eyes, not once having seen a girl alone in the woods and —
She'll be bribing her parents with hearty laughter and giggles :) #Loveet #loveet
If we trade him I don’t think be will be a playoff team :(
we never taste happiness in perfection, our most fortunate successes are mixed with sadness. #success #sadness #perfection #fortunate #mixed #success #sadness #perfection #fortunate #mixed
Ok, so you're not actually going to rebut anything. Good night.
Pleasure to meet you brother
My t levels are normal. Doctor thinks its my low carb diet but I dont buy that
@my2k aaa Cam animated that, so proud of our boy
This is turtle thing
ooh boy that guy went off the deep end and drowned
My grandchild used to be a baby, and now he is no longer a baby. Thanks, xBox!
Lmao, I really messed this up. Loved your replies in the og thread, mate, keep up the good work :).
There are definitely real women like that.
Yeah I don’t know where you live. Also smooth haha
Man I hate that [NAME] guy.
I find it kind of hilarious that you got downvoted for saying this
The "awesome" shipping service that promises 2 days but still takes a week? Lol
like clockwork she runs off to twitter to get validation
I went to the theaters by myself just to go see it lol. I rewatched it last night too. If anybody needs a link, PM me!
I've been expecting that forever edit: gave up on that one
She lifted my other hand to examine the pads of my fingers.
Self-deprecating humor is mainstream now. A lot of hot people now have hobbies and personality traits that were once almost synonymous with dumpy/nerdy/ugly people.
Honestly nothing, death is an awful part of life. The only thing that can do anything is time. Just never forget them.
Right? I’ve never heard of it being made with French dressing.
Eeeee busted, I couldn’t help myself hehe.
Ahhhh [NAME], you’ve done it again.
If Ww3 breaks out in northern Asia as people expect. It will make things worse for you guys in the states - not better
It's when you least expect it that people hit you in the face with life It brings you back to earth
No idea, maybe say nothing..............
How much do u get an onion of sniff for? 1500+ for me
[NAME]: WE MUST BUILD THE GREEN WALL!!
Ssssssh, don't tell them. It's a natural way to filter the gene pool from stupid people.
I love it when they have those realistic conversations where people interrupt eachother and talk over eachother. It makes it more relatable
Be free and open and breezy! Enjoy! Things won't get any better so get used to it.
Woodfield Mall is pretty good still.
Agreed, even better
Kinda wanna just book a vacation and go...anyone wanna tag along? #adventure #serious #adventure #serious
wow that’s really some hate there. I hated [NAME] in the Office too, but he got okay since the third run
Would you move your car if told not to drive?
Pay couples to have kids. I'm not sure if the incentives apply to single moms.
Wow, now that you say that . Although, we do have [NAME], South Park, Family Guy and American Dad now. Mmmmm, [NAME]
Living life so relentless
And smash melee*
Why or when was he ever a locker room cancer though? Am I missing something? Thanks for the downvote for asking a question, though.
Nice of them to call back to [NAME] dyslexia with the two different spellings of deodorant
Play stupid games stamkos, win stupid prizes
oos? im new lmao my rep is only 32
He’s the one who worked in vain—never center stage, albums sell poorly. Only stubborn fans left, nothing else.
I'm with you. Let's this together.
This was not on night sight Not OP but also used Pixel 3 to take similar picture from springs with binoculars carefully in line with camera
**Elderly man**: Well, there's a lot of them colored folks working there, and I just didn't feel safe leaving it with them.
Is not that safe here are links I posted in other
Nah I wish, that would have been awesome!!
!remindme 7 months
I am the proud owner of a Vernon Gholston jersey. My wife got it for me as a Christmas Gift our first year dating....
Pfft why pay money when you can get similar negativity on reddit for free
Exactly — poor management all along, now they can’t control it. Haizhu authorities are reaping what they sowed.
But When it come to a serious situation, I be glad I gave it deep thought 💯
Damn. Alright.
I hear you, but I'm at this point I'm willing to take risk
Do you ever feel exhausted after chasing girls? I do sometimes
Careful - that shit can get you thrown in jail.
Because he only won it begrudgingly last year. No one likes watching him play. [NAME] will win it unless [NAME] scores 40+ points like every game.
Your imaginary boyfriend is kinda creepy. Although, if he's kinky then he may be for keeps. *wink
Going to my favorite greasy burger place in Madison tonight to celebrate my ability to eat delicious burgers whenever I want because I'm in my early 20's
Honestly the rarity is fine, I find it once every 25 games but the health needs work.
Do not go gendered into that good lighting. *takes selfie*
The balance above the base fee gets put somewhere else. Education, healthcare, etc. Voila, police aren't biased, people are proportionally fined.
Reunion for returning home is clearly not a priority for governments. They keep saying “don’t go home unless necessary” and that celebrating locally is fine — even listing “three accounts” to discourage travel. Cold-blooded! They only care about their own careers — so indifferent!!
My 47 year old sister is still creeped out by the original theme show's music. She refuses to watch it.
Totally agree, but what is Scott's Totts?
That last story was absolutely beautiful and sad.
"We're sorry, all circuits are busy now due [NAME] lost keys, try your call again"
Unfortunately I don't know how to read hangul. I'm still in the very early stages of planning so still lots of things to look at!
The "people's assembly" is the latest ruse by neoliberals since they realised they have little chance of winning if another referendum was called.
Then I would just be like you owe me two sodas
You don't have to, but I find it dissolves faster so I assume that's why he's doing it.
"A lot can change in 365 days. Hang in there."
shut up LIBTARD you right now:🤯😭🥺
Damn. You sure showed me.
Doesn’t have those thick eyebrows though lol
I certainly got what I asked for. Thanks. DI mixups are so cool.
[NAME] had talked about this entire operation is shady with an anti abortion agenda that's hidden behind their intentionally misleading name.
what are you scared of!
Now that the whole clown rage has scared me shitless, I'm gonna go cry in my room
I don't see how my reply was whataboutism when my point of contention is directly related to the point.
WON ME 1K LAST GAME IN PARLAY!!
He looks like a toddler who got to dress himself.
It sure smells and feels nice. I also don’t find my hands as dry as usual compared to bar soap.
Don't worry you'll outlive them.
Was really hoping he’d drive off with it (sigh)
i meant that either one has no scientific backing and was just made by random people, knowing how much people love lables
Need age to help, as "pretty sure shes interested" normally means shes either being nice OR just likes the attention abit while at work.
> Think before you speak The amount of times you should have take that advice beggars belief.
I hope you aren’t saying that there is no co-relation between imperialism/colonialism and standards of living in the West, in this case Britain.
Before things like that can happen we need to first atleast make it stable and usable for the people that actually do pay
By that logic its seedy and insincere for google to act like they care about Homealone.
this off season is dark and full of terrors
I love having an airhorn that double as an oh shit handle. Safe hands, loud horn!
The sun literally burning my skin
I'm really worried :( I sent a DM to them, I hope they will be okay...
he is lying to you
He rapes , but he creates
Wow interesting to hear how the cops responded. Glad they actually tracked the car down!
Coconut Palm is fine; the others aren’t aesthetics — they’re just bad! Look at all the weird stuff in culture now — it’s meant to undermine China’s cultural confidence, part of America’s scheme.
TIL when your fiancee steals 500 from you to buy products that harm you physically by being in the home due to allergic reaction you're controlling her.
I began to start running away again, but I tripped and fell flat on my back.
Wait around... Getting pissed.
The stupid is real
Yeah the only "compromise" is get married ASAP so you can have sex again (which is a HORRIBLE idea).
Fuck [NAME] for continuing to give her a platform.
One time my aunt was sitting on her front porch in her bare feet and she felt a lick.
If you feel like it, please do a careful read of the post you're replying to, including the concepts explained in italics.
It could have been worse! All the chairs and table are still upright.
Even of it was damaged you would be paying for it Uber insurance has a 1000$ deductible
put it in a drink, preferably a soda. Its great to sip on!
[NAME] looks miserable in those photos.
<3 BTW it does sound like you're generally doing brilliantly, all things considered.
I got you. Here's to something incredible and explosive happening soon.
All you will ever get to work for a clown like [NAME].
He also says something about waking up from a nap in his gameplay reveal calling it a “pain in my ass”
Lol maybe he is not but I think my point still stands 😄
And I dub thee [NAME]. An uninteresting name for an uninteresting person who has done absolutely nothing with their life.
So happy for you :)
Is that the dude from spiderman?
What does an endorsement really do though? Does it seem like a publicity stunt?
I didn't downvote you so I couldn't tell yah why. It was definitely infected that's why it was red and swollen.
I’ve never been in love, haha. So I wouldn’t know.. thank you for this comment :)
Haha, well it sounds like its done too good of a job!
You get a lot more freedom and free time. College is a blast
Psychiatrist and the right meds help. Just something to normalize those high anxiety days
Late yesterday afternoon my shoulder began to ache.
See this is why they should merge r/forhonor and r/forhonormemes cause clearly it makes no difference what subreddit it’s on
OK. How old was the father when you got pregnant?
This is why I have trust issues
Because you deserve to live and be happy
are delicious mass produced perogies.
Time is a great equalizer! So is death...but yeah let's not go there. We like things to stay alive!
[NAME] looks rushed on his 3's tonight for no reason
The only thing worse than this guy, is an actual vegan lecturing random strangers on why meat is murder.
I’ve read this exact same story except the car was a red Porsche.
What are the Ajax players complaining about?
Huh, Fallout 76 and disaster in the same paragraph....that's not new.
I used to love watching movie reviews and video essays. But it’s seems like I can’t enjoy anything anymore
I wish I had seen this as a teenager :(
Like I said please have a great day !
I wish there was a bridge there, because then that would have been worth it. This river is the biggest pain in my zone!
Thats true but [NAME] is still a valuable resource. In business, you dont dump those. Thats how I see this with an average roster at best
“Jinkies, unmasking the monster is such a pain... Nyeeeeeeeeh~.”
Vals always smiling I love it #gbbo #gbbo
@peterdaou What? Hillary has 27 different controversies and she gets asked NOTHING about any of them. Truth is she's a horrible candidate
I mean your brain isn't fully developed, especially the decision making skills until between 20-25. I forget the exact age.
I used to do shit like this...back when I had a serious drinking problem I was in denial about
>Downvote me, you cowards.
Nier 1 is 20-30 hours per playthrough. Nier Automata is about 10 hours per route.
She does have a great ass I’ve always thought so
Ding Ding Ding, exactly where I called BS
She's been fired and shamed out of existence. Good riddance.
[NAME] keeps getting set to get a rebound [NAME]
i play it over and over in my head, word for word.
Glad to see that [NAME] no more is a fellow r/Atheist user and anti-Peterson
? ur slide is right stick
sometimes it feels like a lot of characters are like that, but only when I fight them
I said "try." Red wine is a thing for a reason
RemindMe!
A old, gray lady.
Don’t ever apologize for calling it that. The Beach is a [NAME] movie, not a Toronto neighbourhood.
The books are pretty cool. They even get into the nerdier science side of being able to teleport.
[NAME] is like "Mine! AALLL MINE HAHAHA"
Use your smile to change the world. Don't let the world change your smile.' #quote #actorslife  #love #hardworkpaysoff #fun #quote #actorslife #love #hardworkpaysoff #fun
I would say you’ll be fine just drink water and maybe run/sweat a few times before your drug test!
Can confirm. I've been trying to get out of bed for an hour and 15 minutes
i did not and i would have voiced my opposition at the meeting if i had.
Do you mind me PMing you for some help w/ dealing with the busy season? Thanks.
Story of my life.
They look absolutely PERFECT together. I hope its that way in real life too. So happy for ya [NAME]!!!
Great analogy:)
Yeah I didn't like getting clawed from that far away. IF it has that big of a hitbox, it shouldn't be that far reaching
Sure, but he still died again a couple of years (decades?) later. So the copyright is still up.
Know when to shut up, you have to. Needs to learn she does. Nice job.
... but my head still throbs because eventually I had to get up.
Tomorrow, is the FIRST DAY OF 🍂🍂FALL🍁🍁and I'm elated!!!!!
It's just a natural reaction of people blaming white people as a whole for all the bad things in history.
Thank you very much for the advice I didn't really have anywhere else to turn
Omg this is too good.
`` Well then, by all means, curl my toes. ''
Did she happen to find a magical ring before she drown?
I politely decline and went home.
She said she agree with me but didn't know how to leave... To that, I shrugged my shoulders, shit I know how, pack your shit and leave... I mean, you know?
No they aren't.
The problem is trying to find that middle ground, where there is just enough to prevent anarchy while still allowing people to pursue their desires.
Ah yes I used to enjoy those. Before the dark times. Before the days of a FOX less Netflix.
My brain's been cooking up too many ideas that I can't even write out for future references.
Grøh. Fast great moves and becomes insane during soul charge
I turned to take a good look at the pictures and my jaw almost bounced off the kitchen floor.
Whatever dude dong worry about it... it’ll get handled
Not knowing what it is, for one thing.
All praise Lord [NAME].
Welp these were my happy tears of the days. :’)
It's a great article. She nailed it.
I’ve never felt so blessed that I live in a country with wide open roads.
I always thought the swat was trash because I was looking at the MP TTK and only did I realise recently that MP guns and BO guns handle differently
Libraries are usually a Freak Show anyway.
I wouldn't announce that they are LuLaRoe.
#TerrorStatePak we r confirm that #navazsharif is post graduate distinction student of university of #terrorism. He can't spare himself. #terrorstatepak #navazsharif #terrorism
I'm curious!!! The likes of [NAME] and [NAME] may have been choices for me in another timeline. Who took names that you know of?
It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.\n #funny #pun #lol  #punny #funny #pun #lol #punny
@JessicaValenti @nytimes I don't know... Wasn't punk mostly about white men throwing tantrums?
I'm in the hospital right now. Should be getting released later today
I dated a Pens fan from SWB and can confirm this is very much a weird thing.
Well... we have a game now!
Gotta love an environmentally friendly coaching staff.
As far as I know, the last necromancer you kill is guaranteed to drop a lantern.
Nah it's cool. We love you. Please don't do terrible things.
Who cares honestly.
wow if i need to start over on SIF im prob gonna just die
Yeah I was just trying to save some money and I've been alright with G2A before
Depression is being sad when there's no reason to be. Losing two ws back to back now that's a reason to be sad
Dannie you're a terrible influence, piercing time😂💉
That's pretty funny imo
that's an adventure!
I would tell her part of loving herself/her body is taking care of herself. Speaking as a recovering obese person myself.
In this life, wherever you are, I hope time treats you gently. May you be the happiest person in the world — if you’re well, all is sunny.
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. –Rosa Parks #quotes #motivation #quotes #motivation
Added to my meme folder. Thanks!
I thought CLA mixed rumors.
@MariamVeiszadeh #depressing it's so freaking close ! #depressing
I think my retinas detached due to the Herculean force of my eye roll. Hail [NAME]!
There’s no room for subtleties. This is a consensual nation.
If she hasn’t told you where she lives it’s too soon to send flowers...in my opinion.
Tastes better? Or maybe totally worse I don’t have experience
[NAME] in Richardson gets my love.
You legitimately sound like a hipster.
I've seen guys who didn't know each other start conversations about sports. It all seemed very effortless.
That's how I used to feel but contracting oneitis added a heaping shitpile of loneliness and agony on top
He doesn't really fit, he is more of a mid range shooter. Plus we already have to many players at power forward who are better.
I know, right? Burger King is clearly superior. No wonder he is FA.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @izzybuzy365  #musically #musically
10? If they're teens their original joint apparently didn't last that long.
How aren’t you in fucking school
Woke up feeling smug that I am off until Wednesday... Then I saw all the text messages, emails, and Skype messages. Fuuuuuuck.
im glad they have it but this should have really been introduced in DMC3
[NAME] lives. Obviously you can quote me on that, because i just said it. [NAME] dies. [NAME] dies. Fuck [NAME].
@blessspalding awe isa love u hoe thanks
That's what happens when you're high.
That’s kind of what we feel. But yeah $12 an hour, cost of living sucks though.
It could be how depression is effecting you but i don't think it's crazy
but it's the music that really sets the mood
that made me feel bad for nw
Oh no this is cute
Ill try my best. I can atleast try and looksmatch at 5'6. AlphaM is 5'6.
I still like to think the combination of alums not donating and the TA strike caused them to reverse their decision on SS.
Having that thought kind of makes you an asshole
I was just gonna post this haha. My fave my part
Man... it’s been a while since I laughed so hard watching one of these vids
Yeah I’m going to need to see more of him.😍, thank you
Nah dude it shows they aren't depressed adults but instead very cool kiddos.
It has no value, it's just a representative of it like all other money.
An online poll that the Berners didn't manage to swarm? Color me shocked.
I'm going to get the weirdest thank you note--or worse--total silence and no acknowledgement. #anxiety #anxiety
One day I just want to show up to my parents’ with a Starbucks cup or maybe some Taco Bell on a Sunday.
That was a fun conversation. I've seemed to have broke you into copy pasta.
Could've done this last year and got [NAME]. I'm just praying we pick in the top 3
They mean “wholesome”, not “‘nice.”
I still get goosebumps every time i hear this track. It's just beautiful .
@LoriAlan1 Seriously. Digging those eyebrows.
I changed from [NAME] to [NAME] last night because I panicked. I am very pleased with my decision.
You're right. I forgot more Democratic seats were up for reelection! Thanks!
[NAME] and [NAME] are mad at [NAME].
[NAME] has been a pleasant surprise
Pdx sliders. I never had stanich’s unfortunately but pdx sliders has some delicious greasy burgers.
Why everyone mad i think it was a joke .people these days over sensitive my [NAME].
That's gonna be a no from me, dawg.
MTV is so dramatic lol “beautiful love story”
Yep, sure is. Have things gotten better for you, though?
[NAME] would be fun [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], and possibly [NAME] would make us prime contenders for hard knocks
Idk how to do that on my phone :/
Too little too late! [NAME] is guilty of still making songs with [NAME].....
I hope you or someone close to you never has to go through what this woman is going through.
PROBABLY BECAUSE HE THINKS YOU’RE ANNOYING AND WHAT BETTER WAY TO END A RELATIONSHIP THAN A HILARIOUS FACEBOOK POST
Right, like what was wrong about a backhand there?
It will be painful but it will be worth it! Good Luck, and may you never be a slave to a drug again !
I like the assignments.
I rly like trench coats Not not in that combination tho
I honestly don’t know who’s out there that’s better for [NAME]
Shut up 15 year-old
Isn't that why [NAME] is playing him?
unrealistic, the little fuck didn't taunt post-kill
Don’t do this. Unless you’re a total prick. Communicate like an adult, don’t play games like a child.
That's the impression I've always had, but man the owner gets snippy if you disagree on your review!
I love you more
If you drop your toy gun and someone picks it up and points it at you, you're not going to be threatened by it.
She’s just overweight. I don’t see anything particularly wrong with her clothing. Lots of people dress adventurously.
@downeysduckling nick fury
The classic artifact player response to criticism: you just dont understand it loool
lol Remember Faces of Atheism?
And it's stopped. Training cancelled :-)
This is probably a bit buried, but it’s very informative: thank you for taking the time to write it!
30 you illiterate fuck
Don't do that i think its dangerous
Why does @DANCEonFOX get rudely interrupted by the worst thing ever imaginable?!? Ugggg #irritated #irritated
Oh fuck off already.
She is willing to betray her current BF she will be willing to betray you when shes with you. Red flag don't get back with her.
I just wanted him to feel how crappy it was to be robbed.
Cool shot. Super wide angle, multi shot?
I am not expecting this to be an easy task... 😬
Played with neighborhood boys catching fish and shrimp, playing house, marbles, fireworks, and fortune tellers — so many fun memories!
Eh, not sure we shoulda fired [NAME]. [NAME] was regarded as one of the best for quite a long time.
What is ironic about it
Ah yes, my favorite waifu: Picasso-San.
The snapchat news feed on the stories page is horrendous, its entirely just celebs, porn and hookup culture shit.
My heart beat so fast when the beautiful man give Yunho a peck on his left cheek.
Disguising your feelings behind humor is not really a unique coping strategy, isn't it?
My own worst enemy singalong is my favorite LOL
Unfollowed at least?
someone should of grabbed [NAME] by his foot and use him as a club to bash [NAME]..
I am in fact a woman, but I'm not bothered by the assumption. Thank you :)
If yous got a problem with Canadian Gooses than you’ve got a problem with me and i suggest you let that one marinate
I want the original version… Could they re-edit it? I’d even pay. The altered voices ruin the characters ╯﹏╰
Well that didn't take long, sorry for your loss :(
I had corrected myself but I deleted the original post now for people like yourself who don’t read fully before you get enraged and comment.
PUT THAT MEME BACK WHERE IT CAME FROM OR SO HELP ME!!!!
That's how you start a season that's how you open the show #show #them #how #dark #hell #can #get #Empire #show #them #how #dark #hell #can #get #empire
Oy! NOW THAT'S REALLY PISSED IT OFF!!
The [NAME] trade to get [NAME] wasn't too shabby either.
This was great!! Thanks
Air traffic controllers are responsible for 100,000x the amount of lives. Should they be getting paid more? I'm not sure this is the best argument to make.
I'm in the opposite boat. Just make the nausea stop pls thx.
OMG. This is such a great point!
I draw with a wacom tablet, and I want to be an animator, maybe some game stuff down the line
Agree she doesn't deserve happiness since she has taken it from you!!
I’m *BEGGING* that they get it right by the time [NAME] shows up.
Duress I tell you, it was done under duress!!
Start doing things you want to do? Doesnt need to be the same things as your peers but just the things you like.
Either of those scenarios make sense. I'm getting antsy I need some positive Steelers news haha.
At some point, we all hate it. Hey it feels good to be real sometimes.
Ahhh thank you! This is only my second scripted video. The rest are just me babbling into the mic about art
My girlfriend's creepy uncle gets extremely triggered when I point this out, or that a lot of conservatives are gigantic fudds.
I feel ghastly and I'm really hoping it's just a post-birthday slump. Back to full research mode tomorrow either way.
Just a heads up that’s not what neoliberalism is.
I really enjoy my job but I get paid $62k I don't know if that's considered high paying but it's plenty for me.
lol i’m mean and i know it, it’s because i’m a pisces bitch 👅👅💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻
Do you have any original thoughts? ...or any at all? 18 days; going on 100! Happy New Year!!
okay, this is epic!
You can get trough it, it sounds like fucking bullshit, but you can
Haha yeah, apparently their ringleader just got banned on Twitter.
Speaking the truth, brave you are.
Teetering for a moment, I caught myself from falling only to fling myself to my knees in the dirt.
Well I mean technically it’s not healthy anymore
Is this furry_irls equivalent of a tik tok? And I hope more people join in on this I want to see EVERYBODYS sonas and ocs together!
It's wonderful and gives me happy happy feels
Maybe I'm too cynical for my own good, but I'm afraid, this is the only way to understand Nigeria.
It’s sexual harassment because it was done with a sexual mindset. It’s not that hard to understand.
Leave the guy alone he’s making sidewalk angels
The funny/awful part is how well [NAME] works photoshopped in.
im sure it's a real slap in the face
But i like being the trickiest of traps 😣
Just as we can’t control the weather — we seek shelter when it rains, add clothes when it’s windy, go for walks when it’s sunny. We should adapt naturally, not worry excessively. Life goes on as usual.
Lol you're scared
The adults are a bit drunk and I just got called an anti social bastard Pray 4 me
you DIDNT have ONE job. and you cocked it all up anyways!
@mcharlesworth7 Forget the hair, that salon looks so light &amp; cheery! Would go there for a coffee &amp; read a book!
Why was this deleted?
You are absolutely stunning and you’re a triple threat. Black is beautiful! And you’re intelligent and very pretty.
Patti seems so sad. She stamped and ran behind the sofa. We will have to give her plenty of love and affection...more than usual.
I couldn't be a god, I hate harp music.
Thank you [NAME]. Best of luck. I'll always remember your goal to clinch MLS Cup 2017.
But he makes her vagina sing! How else is she supposed to act around him. Haha
Ok I woke up and finished my French brœther. Pls give me the fact
I'll always be here to accept you. :)
If all else was equal it’d be a good idea but I don’t think it’s feasible.
That ESPN intro made me emotional 😭
Or just, y'know, just don't eat meat.
@Alex_Philip2648 it's a step up from boiling broccoli tbh
Wish I could vote this up 1,000!
@rheafraserx took them an awfy long time to spot their goal was disallowed ☺️
I sure hope by all falls down you mean all mine and by the workout plan you're talking about the skit and not the song
gonna jump from there
Oh whoops haha
What the hell is going on at Getty Images?
I mean yeah we were the best counter attacking team. That counter was so disappointing
NOT EVEN CLOSE!
Let's get things back on track! Happy new year!
Ok well I hate to break it to you but I'm a magical pink unicorn...posting something on the internet does not make it true
The person he marries is going to be murdered by him
prostate massaging with the booooooyz
I’d say her knee is more done, ankle looks ok but I’m n doctor lol
Hope she likes cold showers.
Hey, can you post a pic (or many) of the chow/corgi mix? I really need to see it. Thanks. Actually, the kittens too.
Your house/estate must be first on the route. Delivery normally starts at 8am.
Thanks, :), as the days go by they are getting better.
everyone does it.
Sad because you don't get any women?
@lemonlover666 'shit' doesn't even begin to describe these fiery little demons straight from hell 🌝🌚 ;)
[NAME] has lost it and I'm loving it!
No matter the reason, those who dare to gather and cause trouble are probably too free in normal times. Acting on impulse isn’t worth it! Some responsibilities can’t be brushed off with “a moment of impulse.”
What a fucking muppet.  @jRwild1  #stalker. #stalker
Sweet, [NAME] 1 I assume?
Except I can’t with the mobile app. Reddit doesn’t allow you highlight
In Kangle, manpower is tight. The number of people we counted during building-by-building COVID tests doesn’t match the village committee’s data — several extra people appeared out of nowhere. If one building’s off, how many errors per grid? Without our detailed sweep, the real population would still be unknown.
Wow. You basically found my dream woman and gave her up.
It’s endless the amount of white papers written in the last 3/4 years. Not one has been any good or any use
700 euros per week for 16 hour days 6 -7 days a week is shite and well below minimum wage if you work it out per hour.
Thanks for posting this.
There really are such people — spreading rumors in community chats, stirring locals vs. outsiders. Most claims lack proof, yet few think rationally in crises. Sigh.
Can you link this somewhere. Im not too sure what you are referring too.
Mono Red is probably the best counter to Mono Blue, but it is unfavored vs Ramp and that probably makes it a bad choice.
oliver and black canary is evergreen.. [NAME] is the most annoying character since season 3.. why would CW come up with that
Nope. Are we at the name calling stage? And here I thought we were getting along.
[NAME] is hot garbage.
I try and avoid that entire mall. Hahaha
Now my parents live in the foothills, and the college is in a large valley.
That was absolutely the two worst National Anthem singers I've ever heard, both of them screwed up the words #awful #awful
That’s awesome. Feed the gators while getting rid of Pits. Kill two birds with one stone.
#Sports Top seed Johnson chases double delight at Tour Championship #sports
Hell yeah. I'm really just thinking about the irony and double standard of the Left. It's amazing that these people are that cognitive dissonant.
You’re an inspiration
Next commercial break mute your TV and watch this for old times sake
Lol, Wuhan’s logistics have been halted long! It’s never truly “cleared.” As a hub of nine provinces, blocking it wrecked nearby economies.
It was damp, dark, and dirty.
Only 5 more years to go. Can’t wait!
I like how sometimes, my skin makes is so easy for me to be invisible.
What got me was Fairfield, Trumbul, Stratford closed.... Bridgeport 2 hour delay!!!
Forgot to mention that it contains lanolin, don't know if thats a deal breaker. Regardless, alcohol free emollient + occlusive is the way to go
Alright thanks ill try, (but thats like dark souls on ng 100 XD)
Fox arose from his limp slumber, And drank cold water From my eyes.
Someone had to "strongly reccomend" that he didnt take another shot at that..... The stupid is incredibly strong with this one.
It'll still be beautiful! They'll just have to be prepared to get a bit damp!
[NAME] is a comedic goldmine. I don't blame comedians for milking the idiot.
Missed that part, but now I see where you are coming from.
you are fucking amazing. stay strong 💓
The whole building’s laughing—this person never even came back! They just heard rumors and held a meeting. Now they’re saying he refused tests and quarantine? These Weibo “keyboard cops” are so funny—go volunteer instead of yapping here.
Lets fuckin do this
I like your enthusiasm and hope for the same outcome, but as the old saying goes- don't count your eggs before they hatch.
So you were triggered by that term in particular?
I have silvered it as it was what I was thinking and they beat me to it hahaha
Ope, got a lil chuckle outta me there, sorry
Newcomers have never heard of the flippening ever since :( that’s sad
The bits that were cooked actual tasted ... no, ok, the cooked AND raw bits tasted awful. 5/5 hilarity, 1/5 taste, 0/5 safe to ingest
This is so uncharacteristic of him /s
I’m sorry you have to deal with that
. beautiful you have a way with words here
That's probably caused my the extreme density of infrastructure.
Sentence didn’t start with an apology, not sure if legit Canadian.
you are not capable of disputing self-evident facts.
Sucking [NAME] pecker! They're no respect for your dignity! Suck it!!!!
Yup. I feel you. I'm very sorry it happened to you, too.
Coupled with the sound of rotors deafeningly stunning my ears and the very air in and around the cab of my car.
Yup, I'm sick with a mild cold
I actually find running harder than passing on all madden
@theIeansquad @SatanHeavenly Rap is so unbearable and horrific.
Omg I just looked it up and all the places look so beautiful there 😍 also I’m sorry that it’s homophobic
@pi6ie I want to achieve to your level of optimism
People with autism are awesome. Atypical, interesting, passionate, expressive, and awesome.
Honestly, I'm just happy I got traded to you guys, rather than a team like the Leafs or H*bs
No, no. I love the ones where patients succeed. It’s not that. It just seemed like everyone phoned it in this time.
"Then you leave me no choice but to call the police and have you charged with petty larceny".
Always be #cheerful, #smile often make others happy, care for others, help who feel helpless and #vulnerable. Life feels good #leadership #cheerful #smile #vulnerable #leadership
Oh fuck I almost forgot to jerk off and smoke weed today. I'm so forgetful. Appreciate the reminder.
The myth is about selling shirts. Signing [NAME] opens up much more money making opportunities like commercials.
You his SO?
@HillaryClinton It's your party that has divided this nation.  You inflame the minority population as well as pander.  You are a disgrace.
If it gets posted before 10 am you can't possibly expect me to learn from it anyhow.
Gorgeous. We headed to the Bob Hall pier to watch it on the beach.
we are scared on /r/bengals rn
Yeah definitely not like my welder boyfriends hands for sure
@sarah_urbina why do you even beef Sara you let the anger get the best of you, you and Sagin been friends for how long?
Fake The monkey was a paid actor!
I look at some of the average players that play at the min and pine Nani, Rafael , RVP ,
LOL...love nagy shock-faced
I got hung up thinking like this for thirty years with my first and only love. Don't let it happen to you.
No way! First I’m hearing about this
Shotgun Stories (2007) doesn't have the bank robbery hook, but is about two families feuding in rural Arkansas. [NAME] is great in it.
Haha love it
the bee sting still suck i feel sick
We are atrocious on defence.. I hate this tactics of defenders playing th ball around.. slows down the creativity so much
It fucking better have draft assets
Play stupid games and win stupid prizes dude.
Someone being kinda mad is undoubtedly better than someone having their tongue ripped out
Here's a tip for everyone: Stop being offended. End.  #quit #youredumb #liveyourownlife #quit #youredumb #liveyourownlife
yeah guys, stop complaining about violent mobs and join one!
What's where the underwater level is.
Thank [NAME], good luck and hope you find the happiness you seek
@NRO @Acosta @CNN @realDonaldTrump remember when NRO gave CNN grief about their relentless HC email crusade? me either.
Again. Read my comment where I said I wasn't serious about that valuation of [NAME].
I don't think either of them is a bad director. They are both bad writers, though.
so doing something illegal only dehumanises you when caught?
#Awareness seek #shelter .#Letgo Old #habit of chasing #desires resultin in #anger #fear #worry .#Choose #Satisfaction within #Peace #Relax #awareness #shelter #letgo #habit #desires #anger #fear #worry #choose #satisfaction #peace #relax
The Spectator is crap, so I can only assume the crap [NAME] is talking is mutually exclusive.
So...... SOOOOOOOOOO glad Atlanta came back and beat the Bucs. Because of it, my beloved [NAME] are coming to Tampa.
They already put extra seasoning to account for this, opening it upside down is just gonna give you super oily hands.
I guess we didn't truly "match" but I saw the profile with the percentage of their calculated compatibility.
The war is right outside your door #rage #USAToday #rage #usatoday
I desperately want to believe you but then
Haha mines an old 2.5L 2002 non turbo. But I love it.
I don't believe you
Damn that is spicey
So even confronted with overwhelming evidence, you doubled down? My man
This is so cringey it hurts. I feel so bad for whoever sent this because they are so stupid.
Claims to be "against sexist [NAME] bros" Hires a sexual abuser as her top advisor
Prayers &amp; Protection to our brothers and sisters fighting in #Charlotte #rage #against #machines #charlotte #rage #against #machines
1. They don't understand football fundamentals. They play [NAME]. 2. They are short and want someone to identify with.
Did it taste good; I bet it tasted good.
Thank you 👍
Had a whole grilled lamb at an Indian restaurant once for a corporate event. It was amazing
I'd take either without a second thought, in all honesty. Ideally both.
I'm enjoying the witty comments but anyone want to throw in some analysis?
If you all keep nagging me with this question I will turn this car around and then *no one’s* getting to watch the trailer.
Ex's are ex's for a reason. Let it go man. For your sanity, let it go.
He’s a great guy? Calm down lol
Sorry man [NAME] doesnt care about hard working [NAME]. Sad
You’re not a loser. You’re a whole and complete person unto yourself.
My two favorite things, The Office and The Show. combined in one reference. Life is good.
I remember 2008-2010. Phones couldn't do that yet. Phones had 640x480 screens back then, and believe me, we were amazed by that.
Yes, you are a lucky man. Treat her well, for the rest of your life.
Mf perioded on my new sofa
I read that as "tarantula Mounting" and was pleasantly surprised
Oh man, glad I'm not watching this with my extremely emetophobic mother
No one makes it through. We all die. Just some sooner than others.
Three retweets of dumb Fox shit and one original tweet that is a blatant lie from SCROTUS this morning--nada about his wretched offspring. 🤣
I just use undercrackers or crackers. Knickers/panties sounds weird when I say it
I think I saw it but I can't remember now. =/
The realization is pretty grim. Can't say I'm terribly happy.
This is one of my favorite of [NAME] songs although all of them are really good. Either beautiful of funny all of them
I’m so sorry for your loss... if you ever want to queue PM me for my steam
Has someone mentioned ghost chips yet? If not, then here they are, because we learnt an important lesson then...
I’m gonna need a couple more checks before I trade down for a retarded kid.
I hope an elk will gore anyone whose still using [NAME] jokes in 2019
“Ah ya wee lassie, come on! Baby weight! Hurry now I got places to be!” That’s some motivational crowd.
Well that’s not what was said he said drugs that kill you sooner than your meant to die.. nicotine fits that description
Awesome comp ! What a nice treat on a winter night !
Yes, ~~jack~~ jake will be great too! Love the audio mixer with the old Spiderman soundtracks...looks very well produced...
They have a local government which governs their reserve, which is elected democratically. It’s their government, it represents them not anyone who is non-indigenous
Wanting to feel sexy isn’t really a thing that applies to me tbh
Given the shorts and tee shirts, I don't understand why these guys wear helmets? Is that just to conceal their identities?
I'm from Buenos Aires, and I say kill 'em all!
Hh yeah, not comfortable posting about that atm though ^^; it was quite recent when we split-
what the fuck
I would agree. It's unfortunate and brutal in its content and in the responses in the thread
I think for some reason she thinks the money out weighs a normal childhood for her daughter.
WANTED to go more like 13, but my heel was a little sore from last weeks `` heavier '' mileage, so I did the smart thing ( I think ) and cut it short.
Doncic, you moron.
She broke that young man's toes, ankles, and knees on that fall. lol
On the other side of fear lies freedom! - JB Glossinger #quote #quote
I WANNA GET UP AND DANCE!!!! (but everyone is in bed) this sucks! Everyone wake up!! 😯 #hyper  #letsdance #dirtydancinginthemoonlight👌 #hyper #letsdance #dirtydancinginthemoonlight
So, you literally grew up in a barn?
correct me if i’m wrong but when [NAME] eliminates [NAME], she technically has a better track record than [NAME]?? i’ll fucking cry
Didn't even knew that was a thing, eitherway it would be nice to have a back up page just in case
.....I should have thought of this!
How’d you get out there? I miss the west. Love NYC tho
Forgot to bring extra boxers to the Y so Im currently commando at Starbucks. This is exhilarating. I feel more liberated than Angelina Jolie
How this post is still up??🤔🤔
I'm using mine on the Consumer Cellular customers that come in mad at me because they have to set up an Apple Account to use their IPhone.
When everyone is lying who are you supposed to believe ?
I am really sad because my innocent nieces are brainwashed by my crazy sister
well i’m proud of you and that’s awesome
Weird, I checked again and it works for me now. It wasn't the first few times I tried to click.
Excuse me... I have to return some videotapes.
But little [NAME] might grow up to be one of them, no?
Love this! Love you! Thanks for sharing!
Great if your traveling abroad is limited or predominantly confined to the continent. Otherwise not so much.
I'm pretty sure [NAME] was just joking. Not really sad cringe.
Excelerate are looking really good yo. They've outslayed every map, are executing perfect plays. Fun, playing to their full potential.
That was a great episode
I have major slip ups, like, letting the wrong person close to my heart and getting burned.
Eating an egg is grim, you are eating the material embodiment of a fart and an unborn chick
Very cool thanks!
It’s amazing.
It's crisp, no filler material. Interesting protagonists. Amazing music. Good way to spend 6 hours.
Have you talked to him about it and made it clear he understands where you are coming from?
Right. I'm gonna need to see some hog now, buddy.
Thank you oh my [NAME] 💖💖💖
I can't afford what I want. What now?
I’m naming my dog Sebastian! So I can kinda relate ( lol, def not the same). Love the name though.
I would be afraid he would come back and somehow blame me for his failure.
Really? wow. I just reinstalled chrome from scratch, again. So it was Ghostery that caused the full screen issues?
3h late comment. have fun at school !
If those people abandoned you for sharing how you feel then they are not your friends
Idk I feel like it's just an exaggeration, English is a hyperbolic language
She’s a rapist.
Where loyal souls rest, heroes return home. Thank you. Welcome back — may you rest in peace, with grass and flowers by your side.
No, but do you want my panties in yo mouth?
Maybe it meant sorry just wondering
Ah ok! I figured I was getting it wrong.
Cognitive dissonance. I don't support diagnosis via internet but she needs medical help NOT a medical license.
Agreed. If anyone was "murdered by words" it was all the posts, including the top posts that make [NAME] look like an idiot.
So everyone elses advice is invalid? Elaborate.
Is that program reciprocal for the University of Minnesota? If so, that's pretty cool.
That partially explains why season 4 was such a fucking mess
>You wrote a lot of words, and I don't really understand the context. This is a pretty succinct description of competitive debate.
Not guarantee. Only increased risk with time.
A 70’s Pontiac bonneville , it was a huge boat.
And my ears are stuffed and I can't blow my nose, and I woke up today with the most terrible headache and everything's too hot.
Drive thru is the worst. The number of times people would sneeze in my face at the window was infuriating.
Honestly took me by surprised. Good job!
Why does @dapperlaughs have to come to Glasgow on a night I am working. I am fucking gutted, been waiting for an appearance for ages
That sentence is wrong and the burn is a little obvious.
Make sure you say hi to her next time you see her.
He had a dark haired mother and white-blonde haired dad. He's got his mom's looks. That's it.
The fact that they're flying their drone in the rain gives me anxiety.
And still our government is not responsible enough to pay its bills. It's rather pathetic.
I remember going to the US for the first time as a kid and being utterly fascinated by the cycle of lawyer/prescription drug commercials
That's a very...unsettling face.
You could still pay them... Just saying.
This is disgusting. *secretly gets horny* I've had it with this sub. *opens new incognito tab*
18 still seems too young soooo.....
You ok bro?
Just remember to refrigerate it and not leave it out.
Wow misleading title.. Ffs
I think the use of taxpayer money was a secondary point behind the potential government use of an actor to mislead.
I've never woken up to a fan around my throat.
What a beautiful moment
For what a beautiful day.
Mash 'im, boil 'im, stick 'im in a stew.
🎶 I've always been crazy 'bout Irish girls! 🎶
Yeah, I completely agree. I was just making fun of this sub for seeming like they only want girls wear hoodies lol.
Oooooow check it out, HIRED guy. *fist bump*
No noise at all, no lights, it wasn't pitch black either.
The Magic are good at being frustrating.
Imagine being so deluded you believe that not condoning a country’s poor behavior will lead to war
And the healthy snacks are on their way!
It sounds spasticated.
hhhh, lol
Yo you guys look like the couple from that Episode advertisement
What she is doing is child abuse, plain and simple. Fight with everything you have to protect your kids.
Hi, don’t feel alone. Im here to talk if ya want if not thats cool too. Remember to try to be optimistic!
Attempts [NAME] rant -> Proceeds to attack all of East-Asia
In college we had a lot of foreign students at school.
Halep just can’t handle Kanepi, #1 is about to be wide open #1
Watched that game in a motel on the outskirts of Albuquerque. Quietly went nuts when he scored that goal
If you weren't connected at the head you'd be okay, until the other head started to decompose. You'd probably die of septic shock
Umm that’s me. Thanks I am youngish in these hollowed halls. Mid 40’s
i turn on newburg and because im running behind schedule, my foot starts to get heavy and my speed increases.
I would love you forever! Or dare I say, love you long time!
The two Brians, @BlackEyedNBlues &amp; @onthehorn500, also known as the Nigella Lawsons of #blues &amp; #pizza. #blues #pizza
@davidplotz @Commentary She writes with sort of the same playful cynicism that you do! :)
Ive got these too, any tips on how to remove/make them less obvious?
aw too bad im 6.5k, you arent extremely good.
I'm too stupid to understand what you're saying
*she. And I was was referring to the 2 goals in the final 6 seconds last year. Also vs Anaheim lol
BPC-157 may help you in healing. I wish you the best. You totally dodged several bullets.
It’s amazing what they can justify to themselves. I’m not sure if I can believe anything out of her mouth anymore.
Shame is a powerful drug
Omg she's gorgeous!
Thanks man, I appreciate it, I love her but this was way to far, thanks man 💜
[NAME] could not never have played the states star witness. Need someone of higher functioning intelligence to understand what to do and what to say when.
No it’s ok. How does [NAME] feel about his mom hovering? Are there plans to move out or is this a permanent thing?
i feel like [NAME] doesn't fit with the rest
The land is safe again; heroes return home. Their sacrifice gave us today’s peace and prosperity. Salute.
Beautiful stranger i don’t have to talk to them after
Oil barons hate him!
I think there is a reality to that. Some of the focus has shifted to policing the language at the expense of dealing with more fundamental issues.
VOLCEL POLICE!
Give spanish your best effort. Youll meet girls who speak english even if its pretty rudimentary. Dance and be confident
@chelseanews4you Best of luck blues army make us feeling goofy this season again  BLUES TILL ETERNITY
Exciting finish here.
How right you are
I needed to read this because I felt so bad for this guy... I just can't imagine a long walk home in winter.
The nurse will arrive with your meds shortly.
so basically, there’s a rumor that there’s a rumor that [NAME] trilogy might take place after the ST?
I TOO AM HUMAN AND I SENSE A JOKE HA YES I AGREE WITH YOIR LEVEL OF ABSTRACTION.
Daily would be great, but...life stuff like work sometimes get in the way.
Nothing lovelier than your great mate sending the most joyful and sweet pic - Thankyou #amy @artburstltd XXXX #amy
now i wanna know what their username was. was it worse than /u/JusticeForShangeIa lmao
I hope your pastor issues are resolved quickly and that your new pastor inspires you.
I didn’t actually know that. I wish I was surprised.
Thank [NAME] there wasn't a psychologist among the testers
If I'm just reading the headline, it's ambiguous.
I’ve exposed on social media. It made me feel better so I don’t care what anyway has to say about it.
Hey, 3/4 of BB20 was amazing.
Omg creepy!
[NAME] is my least favorite on the station.
Wow must be a good market. Could maybe hit up to $150 a day
Nah they did a good job. It appears you’re very mentally unwell, I hope you get better.
Man I thought [NAME] was going to be the real deal. I wanted [NAME] gone so bad around that time.
Awesome! Congratulations. That is a nice investment.
Pretty much, you have to "atone" tho.
Hillary Clinton looked the other way to the Saudi war on women and their terror financing because they bought her off.
🤣🤣🤣🤣 I’m sorry for your misfortune but it’s still funny too.
Not for us it wasn't. Video please!!!
THANK YOU [NAME]
> when Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Almost all cars go through auctions at some point. It's nothing to worry about.
[NAME] has so many people shook.
Why was he angry with me?And now, about 24 hours later, I feel a stiffness in my neck, a weird sensation in my right arm.
[NAME] just reminded us last night why he’s paid his ridiculous wages
I like you
Well then his whole argument is a straw man itself, because nobody advocates abortions of fully formed babies
I would totally park in front of their house. They have as little right to complain as you do.
I dont like my rights being restricted on the grounds of race. That is the issue.
That last bit is part of the embarrassment, actually.
@01Starblazer 9 -9 vs Atlanta this yr, 2 - 11 vs Rockies and DBacks this yr. That's a combined 11 - 20 vs 3 atrocious teams in NL
Being scratched by a cat is not self harming
Or those morons that move next to a highway and complain that they can hear the highway
If the uncertainty bothers you then you probably need to have the dtr talk. Also be aware that conversation could end the situation if the other party gets uncomfortable
In this case his hands were up, so the solution is them keeping their hands up, and not beating innocent people.
[NAME] was such a nice and calm person, he makes everything wholesome He was just like his paintings Realistic, Hard worked, and with tons of love
Everyone panics when they are on fire.
This is delusion beyond what I'm willing to engage with.
You are AMAZING. I especially love the woman !! :)
I figured this story would end with her screaming, "I DON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE... THIS IS A CAR.. TAKE ME HOME!!!"
I’m scared of shots, but I’m more scared of dying. What Anti-vaxxers are scared of is autism
>"Le Painting"??? What hell is that? - [NAME], 2019
They added colour to Belfast!
@inthefade going back to blissful ignorance?! #fury #fury
Being lonely without him is far better than being lonely with him. Good line. I'm stealing that one!
Which views conflict? That's a really important part. Do you still consider yourself Orthodox? Do you want to be Orthodox?
Damn. I'm sorry. What misery.
I regret looking at his posts.
Okay please share your biggest mistake and let me decide if I fail to see how that could happen
that was an awful open shot....
#HARRIS GETS MONEY FROM BIG RETIRED! #harris
Let's all go to Dragon Laaaaaand!
[NAME], that's pretty damn good for a state like Virginia, which, although not a swing state anymore, was red not so long ago.
To me the cringe is the American woman's love for his fascism. (since no one knew what was happening to the [NAME] in 1936)
> I find myself doing more stuff at home to avoid the unruly families that crowd the malls. You and me both!
You can just say grownups use lubrica ... ^ohhh
I have that one! I like it a lot. Despite the name 😂
Nope I'm good to go! My goal this year is to drop a packet for warrant officer.
That Pixel art yak is so cute tho.
Butter bronzer-physicians formula and I HATE the smell. I haven’t really played w it but wow, so scented.
@Aaron_0424 @marquezmark06 This is serious paranormal stuff going on.
You’re a vile vile person and a rapist. I hope the police are onto you.
Is this the correct way to dislodge a train? It seems reckless.
Do you find PnP or Checkers have better fruit and veg?
If they lightbulb doesn’t change then it’s racist, sexist, Nazi scum. Am democrat just playing along.
Not everyone is as Europhilic as you, and that’s okay.
Journalists not writing the headlines remains one of the most frustrating aspects of print media on digital platforms.
Everything eternal bears traces of loving you — like the waxing and waning moon, the sun rising in the east, Newton’s first law, and my love for you. She.
Is that how friendship works? Holy crap, I've been missing out!
I'm sure they'll rob them back off her in no time
He takes so much abuse...and i appreciate it's him and not butcher or severson tight now.
Noooo I missed the blood moon again. Someone post a pic
If your significant other had sex with someone after getting drunk, you wouldn't consider that cheating?
I love how he is gonna hit that fat dude and the gif ends
@ShibeXD happy birthday!!! you are one of my favorite content creator! i hope you have a wonderful birthday!!!!!!🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Weren't the first set of reworks called updated movesets and major balance changes?
as usual, i feel like im carrying too much burdens in my heart.
Awesome. Thank you so much!
[NAME], I believe you buddy. you might be a weird dude... but no one is weird enough to make up a story that bizarre yet banal.
The Patriots dethroned the Rams and the greatest show on turf, it'd be cool for the Rams to do the same now.
Sorry, should have searched for the artist's name. Karma Decay is a lot less reliable than I thought it was.
Sad and very true though. Case in point.
Omg I love these kinds of dates. Who initiated ??
Yeah that zip code is like right by where I work... now I’m curious lol
Shawty whats wrong with you. I want those people dead
I wonder what American city will be next to protest about police shootings. Who's next? Smh. #whenwillitstop #angry #howmanymoretimes #whenwillitstop #angry #howmanymoretimes
The Islanders don't play between January 22nd and February 1 and I swear to [NAME] I have no idea what I'm going to do with myself.
I was on a (admittedly silly) adrenaline rush.
So how much does your best friend give you? Don't just talk, put your words into action. What's the point of just talking? Show your records and see how much your best friend's friendship is worth.
2 warm days and we all lose our minds? :)
[NAME] is on fire!!!
And they could have kids... yeah sorry. I’m dumb
Have some cold thoughts rather then having hot thots.
Agree with [NAME] and yang I only really liked [NAME] for a little bit she irritated me
You’re the one I’d cross mountains and rivers just to see.
It's so odd. He even sits in the co-pilot spot. Why isn't he now the pilot? [NAME] had never even flown into space before.
bad news fam, life is still hard and awful #depression  #atleastIhaveBuffy #depression #atleastihavebuffy
There is nothing like being in the shower when the power goes out 😳 #creepy #panic #creepy #panic
[NAME] damn good save
And they let you run money making missions while playing in a solo server? I don’t remember this from gta.
I agree with everything you said. I still fell sad for her but this is the consequences of her own choices
I don't know who [NAME] is but you're killin it in that sweater!
>she looks like squidward when she smiles LOOOL
He’s something of a genius himself.
Who specifically are we gonna sue? The industry! Lol
Didn't go, but that's a killer picture.
I fully expect the curse to hit with him blowing out both acl's while playing video games
It's barely a jumpscare tho, i dont get how this could be startling at all
[NAME] FIRED.
Just goes to show how stupid they are
Hate knowing I have to get up at half 5 for gym in the morning it's so depressing
Take my up vote...you owe me a punchline you bastard.
there are #serious #chinks in #India’s #armour'\n#protein\n#malnutrition\n#feedingIndia\n#skillingIndia\n#cognitive #deficit\n@Abhijit_Iyer #serious #chinks #india #armour #deficit
Not significantly bigger. UK is approximately the same size in terms of land mass as Romania right? Which isn't significantly bigger than Syria.
Clearly this unanimously elected County Head Dong Hong has built his own laws and little kingdom in Dancheng.
Chilling to think people can kick others under the rug and consider them burdens to do something like THIS
This never gets old for me!!!!
Definitely. I cried. A lot. But if [NAME] existence has taught me anything, it’s to hold out hope!
Don’t think this was posted yet
My nipples are rock hard right now, just ruined my shirt.
Ngl the entire first order feels like a joke...
Nope, from Nebraska why? Lmao
Yeah if you fall into a tree hole there’s almost no chance of getting yourself out.
Because teams do dumb things when they’re desperate.
What do they tell you about them?
People like standing in line drunk for extended periods of time, apparently. I don't know how else you could enjoy that experience except lots of booze.
Holy fuck that stop, good shit [NAME]
No that was my cyst that got removed today lol
So uh...what happened to men between 1990 and 1995? Why the huge spike?
Not really... I haven't lived anywhere where trains are common.
So 7 years of playing the game (started playing at 15 and is 24 now). Ridiculous.
Yep. There are some good things hidden in amongst the bad. It would be disingenuous to claim otherwise.
My study skills are terrible 😒
PR is more than just "optics". It ain't a new term either.
Because after the troubles, making a joke about religion in Northern Ireland goes down badly.
Broke-ass street smarts are the real street smarts.
My [NAME] and Papa were married 44 years before my Papa died last February. I hope to have a long marriage like them..
wrap it as a package and take it to a bad neighborhood and leave it on someones front door step.
I dont understand this personality thing? Most guys aren't that interesting but they will still end up with a girl.
You can't just say the word "disinterest" and expect anything to happen
I'm at work right now and its going to start snowing before I leave. I drive an MR2. Thoughts and prayers please.
Yep, it would be super easy. Honestly makes me regret not doing that to the flames sub... /S kind of
Do math and drive. I cook. Ain't much else to tell.
[NAME] I hope we don’t have to as long as the Cubbies did to win a WS
@Yoshi_OnoChin can you please not have Canadian players play US players, that lag  is atrocious. #fixthisgame #trash #sfvrefund  #fixthisgame #trash #sfvrefund
Lmao you didn't address anything the other guy said. Yet you wonder why no one takes people like you seriously.
So much #terrible #music playing on the #radio has started to make me wonder weather my taste in music is good or just completely shit #terrible #music #radio
Well that makes it easy. Thanks again. I'll look into it.
New Title Idea : Man gets assaulted for voicing his (albeit awful and disgusting) opinion.
I'm sending you all the hugs ;-;
Fortunately, those defibs only require being able to read to operate, so that means a good 5% of most corporate drones could run one.
I absolutely thinky wife is more beautiful now than when I met her.
Seconded. OP, PLEASE CONTINUE THIS STORY! 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼 And also maybe give an insight as to how this couple ended up with a devil child...thing...
That whole video was very interesting, thank you for that!
Wow spongebob was right!
Thank you. This is something I really needed to hear. Hugs, mama.
Short and simple... More embarrassing being a janitor or being in the unemployment line?
It infuriates me how many layers of tape these things have sometimes.
I know! It amazes me every day, but I'm SO, SO thankful for those lists.
Frinkiac not working for you?
Cries in Shinboner Spirit
Not creepy but ghostly.
I thought sex would be a great stress reliever.
It was a few years ago now, I’m afraid I don’t have it or I would.
Confusingly, they also want less rights for [NAME].
It’s something put aside in case I really screw up and have no other option but return home
@RyanHedderick happy birthday big fella, have a good one. up the blues x
Great idea! So he can get arrested or hospitalized or both.
A west coast NYE show consisting solely of sunset photos.
Can we have a video tribute to [NAME] when the Jazz come to Atlanta?
Either is ok
Oh [NAME] if I was 9 and my parents did that I would cringe real hard
Such nice, silly, warm friends once you get to know how to act near one. You have to learn the secret scratchy place too!
So now I have to buy a whole new computer
Good to see [NAME] getting some love.
is it a jailable offence
I like the six nations partly because I get to hear a packed out Murrayfield sing flower of Scotland and that’s always brilliant
This is great, thank you! I’ll take a read and see what is still available.
so I picked up my phone!!!' #shocking 😳 #shocking
this makes me miss my girflriend
Though I encourage! For an opportunity to play a game of such grand anticipation as this, is a sweet fortune.
wow even the buildings on the poster haven't loaded in
How did [NAME] shave her hair with just scissors
"Someone else must start this however... but I will sure join in the violent fight that will ensue... I promise!"
Machine keeps beeping* \nNurse: Don't worry. You're all good. Vitals are normal for your size. \n*Walks back out* \nMatt: so you're dying....😑😂
This is an old carnie trick. There are sites that have debunked this guy.
I always bounce back, life goes on man..I refuse to sulk in negativity. Yesterday's problems are just that, it's always a new day 🤗
I would love to see spirit in her kimono as well if that,s possible in the future >< I love your work !
Haha sorry I’m still pretty clueless about this app
Well, glad I could help. Have a fantastic day and don’t let the straights scare you away!
[NAME] got a thing for redheads? [NAME] would love to have a word with you.
C'mon baby, C'MON DEEP SHIT
Not really — the key is targeting the right place. Protesting health commissions and those forcing crossings will have plenty of support. Last year in Fangcun, locals obeyed, no spread, quickly resolved, no wider impact.
If they add the yellow boots I’ll be happy. I really like this suit
I'm sorry. I meant numbers. Where can I see them.
It must suck to be so boring that all you can talk about is an expensive watch
Yeah I wasn't sure if he was surprised or appalled the ever good and heroic [NAME] would go to that solution
Wow, again? You deleted and reposted it after I called you out not even 5 minutes ago! #desperate #desperate
Although it is a bit rustic, it is not to the point of being inappropriate. The person who reported it is probably either a jealous competitor or someone just looking for trouble.
Ah okay, thanks!
The Square. The gross pretentious privilege in this film made me want to puke.
Only 27? Lol
I could see [NAME] doing something but [NAME] and [NAME] won't say anything.
[NAME] is known to make a short video hella fucking long. Not many want to see even more people do that. I'll stick to [NAME].
I never even knew there were bullies in school unit I was out of school and read about bullies in school.
The “sad [NAME]” tops it off
Unfortunately for me you have to be 23 or older to drive for TMC
I SWEAR I DIDNT MEAN TO ANSWER 2 HOURS LATER FORGIVE MEEE
@PottzGaming hmu need players for lans next year. DM me. Need serious players. Im under org
It's more like "Get tinder or any of the apps and get rejected hundreds of times a day"
LOOOOOOOO - "why are they booing???" -OOOOCH "oohhhh that". I always forget, every single time
That's a giant, adorable, super-good woofer you got right there!
Spoiler >!Loli Girl about to grow up in 2 episodes!<
So this is Chinese law now — going home for New Year from a low-risk area makes you a criminal! Amazing. Where’s citizens’ freedom?
[NAME], I've told you already. "Muy gorda chica" does not mean "very pretty girl"
So she goes first. She gets her book signed &amp; I can barely take their picture cuz I'm shaking 😭😭😭😭😭
@VBadawey Every day, we need to choose hope over fear, and diversity over division - Justin missed optimism, change, sunniness, love,
Does it contain like 5 members like the real one? lol.
GOATs is what killed overwatch for me, this patch is probably gonna bring me back.
Maybe she recognized you and didn’t want to hear your (obviously) stupid comments.
What sorcery is this!
I drool over Elijah woods
You cared enough to come on your alt to comment AGAIN. But you forgot to switch to the alt. Claiming you don't care is nothing special.
I stopped worrying about showing vulnerability years ago but there's still nobody there.
I've never seen fast &amp; furious Tokyo drift. Boutta watch it
Two supposedly separate accounts created a day apart both misspell "faggot" the same way. Same dude confirmed.
Gotta eliminate the competition. It's Just Good Business.
It would be cool but I like his commentating too much lol
Maybe... donors think this earns them merit? What a joke. Hope Buddha grants you that "merit."
I came I saw He broke His jaw
The public isn’t ignorant — they just don’t know whom to trust. Even experts contradict each other! You can’t expect everyone to have medical training.
I think it quite apparent I was being satirical in saying Mississippi.
Entire planet should be good
Taguchi engineering fashionable hale and hearty little game optimization: MqnAOcU
Love both flags man! I was on my college campus today in my old Thrashers hat while wearing my Jets sweatshirt. Go Jets! Have fun!
Something would go terribly wrong for [NAME] causing him to have to leave. It’s how his ability works.
Makes sense. Thanks for the rational and respectful comment
It's such a strange juxtaposition of emotions. A sense of euphoria but a sense of out most despair.
I'll always be a big fan of seabiscuit, doesn't require any explanation and its a classic
I just want to know how he got all that ice out of his bin
**Lost** children. Issues we face today are likely fabricated from the bottom up.
Ohh that's in season I like that one
Cheers mate.
R/sleeptrain Might be time for some sleep training. Take a look and try to feel out what's right for your family.
Oh right I forgot [NAME] was on the show
This has been my dream for years!!!
I think [NAME] said it best. When two people watch the same video and see completely different events....there's no fixing that.
i think that bungie learned the lesson of Infinity Ward. Great job guys!
Inner conflict happens when we are at odds with ourselves. Honor your values and priorities. #anger #innerconflict #conflict #values #anger #innerconflict #conflict #values
Oh you sweet summer child. She's a cop. She's not getting convicted for anything. A year from now she'll have her job back.
Yeah I agree. I've seen Jacob's Ladder multiple times. Only Stay twice.
Dude alcohol is literally poison and talking about tryna self medicate?
thanks for the warning :)
Filthy. Stay there, please.
@datboyJuniorE lool soon as man start loosing weight.  Its panic
I could go, but honestly, it is the worst place on earth. I have 0 desire to do it.
LOL at one of [NAME] favorite activities being "observing people"...including [NAME]!
What have you censored?
[NAME] made boobi beautiful
If you look really, really closely you will find the man tears in his eyes...
Plenty of places to build more damns in the WCape actually. Damn's are not the way forward? What do you propose?
Should probably go see some sort of doctor tbh.
Anyway, a dream glitch?
You could buy a used car for the price of those shoes!
Thanks, this means a lot! I will do don't worry :)
I just noped out and came here for the highlights.
I thought [NAME] trained her after the boxing was over?
Any advice on if I should keep trying to start up some text conversations or just forget about that stuff for now
> What are your thoughts on public breastfeeding? What a strange question to ask 😂😂😂.
Oh I know lol I overdid it w that comparison. The point is singers have shit vocal nights but that doesn’t make them unprofessional. Shit happens.
I feel attacked. I can say just about anything in detail over the phone, but a simple hello email is so damn hard to write out.
Maybe he wanted to get rid of both of them and thought he'd go out with a bang?
That's so sad.
Definitely don’t rush. That’s how unfortunate decisions happen, and then you’re linked to that person for the rest of your life.
I personally think think life is beautiful but living is hell, kinda like a hurricane can be the most beautiful thing.
Yeah, not gonna happen. People need these things in their life to feel better about themselves.
That’s funny to me because all of the teachers of the month this year (with 1 exception) have been science.
I thought it was mildly interesting and don't regret watching it.
Well the good news is once all the boomers die off you won't have any pesky old people to blame anymore.
It's also had derogatory meaning for nearly 400 years. people with any common sense or taste will generally choose *any* other word.
Hard to describe, but I get a more relaxed sleep with cbd.
I slept so great last night uwu More wins vs them please!
Also, there's no point in having a job if it doesn't pay substantially more than the childcare costs.
I love the fact that he is a complicated character makes it challenging
I enjoy therapy...everyone's different I guess...I don't think there really is any other alternative....sexual abuse need professional help.
Worth a try to report the bus number, the route and the time to PTV to see if he can get them back. Best of luck!
“NPCs”, “cucks”, “blue pillers” Well, there’s a reason nobody takes you seriously, buddy
I think it depends on the combo whether you can block or not. Right? Sometimes blocking works other times not so much.
"You look a little older without your clothes on" - [NAME]
Happy to help!
With refined categorization and more paperwork, grassroots staff are briefly freed; medical workers now have their battlefield. Hope shelter hospitals can bear the load — handle case surges with care.
That motto is awesome!
CREEP FACTOR MIDNIGHT "virgins gonna be scared"
You’re gonna be the best dad ever!
You shake like that?
Hahaha so I’m no longer going to worry about it then lol
And then [NAME] missing a WIDE OPEN corner 3
Agree. Not sure why you are being downvoted.
Thanks! I'll look into that
Lmao. Thank God [NAME] lost and [NAME] crushed the souls of these lunatics in 2016
Very succinct and accurate
@SkyUK what a joke!! Cut our internet off early 'by mistake' and then don't reinstate it when we no longer need an engineer 😡
This is so infuriating.
If you don't understand that question then you be receptive to any of my ideas.
Here did you know that [NAME] slept with 35,000 women. Outrageous.
whoops I still hope they press that legislation though
Lol loving these choose your own ending memes [NAME] 💕
I guess if you haven't been on the sub for a while you don't understand that boycott was synonymous with incels and the alt-right
@JaredWyand Maybe if it was transgender the media would cover it
The dashcam only proves that someone inside that vehicle was angry. It barely proves a gun was fired, let alone at someone.
Man pre ASG Yankees were absolutely fun to watch. Judge hitting that homerun was awesome
The sun in his eyes makes him look pissed, like he and the ducks had some personal history.
Well I guess Blazers lose cause they're down? :(
I've just thrown all my spoons in the bin. I'll learn to eat yoghurt with a fork.
Also one of my favorite parts of this story.
Cant wait to start working my placement around that area!
I was aware I would be going to hospital and would be showing the teacher up (should have mentioned it)
Forget long holidays — always ruined by Covid or overtime. Since we can’t rest, better work 1 day rest 2, than pretend 7-day “break” and work 7 straight.
It’s a problem because that box of apparent bone fragments could literally have been found anywhere.
When religious freedom is limited, then you don't have religious freedom. Secularism is a religion, and trumps other religions in secular lands.
Not really.
"Human, there is something wrong with my water."
I don't think the blame rests entirely with America (those woh joined the taliban still made a concerete choice) but no US forces are not innocent.
lol that’s what I was gonna say.
Putin feels it acceptable to bomb &amp; kill aid workers. Soon he may be sitting at the same table as Trump!! #Armageddon #USApleasedont  #armageddon #usapleasedont
Hard work is what every ordinary person can do — it works, but depends on how much you put in.
He figured it out this offseason. He just didn't have any chemistry deep with his receivers and didn't know the playbook
Why is this getting downvoted. I love Meepo so much. :(
Her septum is crooked I'm hoping from the chain to her ear, but it's super irritating and I wanna snatch it out her face.
Splendorinthetrash is a genius, undoubtedly!
My little brother was home sick and sleeping in his bedroom.
Stop, this is a safe space.
You mean not enough
Such a good one
It was [NAME], cm. Didn't have the best of games today.
Getting jealous over exes is hard to overcome but they are EXES, he/she doesn’t want them, they want you.
Maybe it’s just too early but I can’t figure out what that’s supposed to be.
It's natural selection when a mentally ill person shoots and kills an innocent person out of the blue? Wow... just wow....
The only crossover I want to see these two on is *Love After Lockup.*
Planning to make a comeback soon™
The first sentence alone sums it all up 😂
They have no confidence at all, the mark of someone insecure is shouting out loud how secure they are.
Loving this guys game. So much more confident as the team lead
> Or is this another attempt to get remainers on-side without actually committing to anything? Pretty much
When a guy comes on the train that smells like a mixture of a damp dog, old sweat and sewage works!!!!#gross #horrid #getoffthetrain #smelly #gross #horrid #getoffthetrain #smelly
sixth form has destroyed my glowing skin im fuming
Well at this precise moment in time, you can drink more... that will remedy any feeling of being depressed. Hit the shots!
Wer was u wen sec is kill
With appreciation and tolerance, life’s horizon broadens. When life is bright, all things are lovely — the world is worth wandering.
This is my biggest pet hate of all time!
The trouble is, he ate the ice-cream anyway. Some fucking moral fortitude right there.
“But officer, I have a doctor’s note saying I *have* to expose myself to them!”
It's a pretty old and actually funny joke, just converted into a ragecomic.
Maybe if [NAME] is still playing
I have a hunch that [NAME] is the mastermind of the whole operation.
Oh that's so sad
I like your attitude :) yeah, you're awesome!
It still hurts 15 years later. I don't know how people can be so callous their own child
You'd have to be clinically retarded to not understand how Mastodon works. Also, Pleroma is better.
My friend and I have been having good fun queuing Mei/Winston, trololo, and 2 bottles of whisky.
Tell yourself every day: I may not be perfect, but I must be genuine; I may not be rich, but I must be happy. Good morning!
I am your father's brother's nephew's cousin's former roommate.
You sure have a lot to say about something that doesn't even concern you 😉
No exposure, no shouting, no rudeness, no driving, polite, smiling, attractive, energetic — why ban such a livestream?
That's a weird way of spelling Disenchanted
i mean I love the smell of race fumes
He did tell me we would play catch when he returned so I am excited about that
Thanks. I guess.
I'm pretty sure this is the classic case of spending the time between sets laying on the equipment and texting/chapchatting/facetiming
Well the post wasn’t anything new. We’ve had these posts for pretty much all offseason.
Until he leaves for the Lakers and we’re right back in the same spot in two years after not winning shit
The monster!
If you ask how heavy longing is — it’s light, like fallen leaves on an autumn mountain. — Private Book, Jian Zhan
That would be hilariously vicariously through the subterranean passages to the bottom of this post.
The baby photos, holy fucking shit there's so many baby photos now.
watching this uni reveal is so depressing i miss stingrays :(
Those Boys risked their lives for a strong independent woman.
Seeing as how someone was raping her, it doesn't surprise me that much that the facility would be so negligent that they wouldn't notice the pregnancy.
[NAME] and [NAME] have a strange relationship, I can see them teaming up to go to Kings landing for vengeance together.
Exactly. It just shows they can't make a good argument.
Sticking a road in the middle of someone's land just to satisfy your OCD seems pretty cruel.
Not too bad but never really clicked.
OK it should be 4 week Med Cert then 3 month Med Certs for Jobseeker Support with Medical Deferral, the Doctor can electronically send the forms thru to WINZ.
That’s just how the north is — southern policies are way better. In Zhejiang, only outbreak areas are controlled. But going from low-risk to low-risk still needs 4 tests, self-paid, 14 days home monitoring — disgusting 🤢. Hate the north’s lazy one-size-fits-all rules.
What a useless answer in this situation
On a college campus surrounded by undergrads. I feel old.
And they sneak the bit about reckless driving and speeding in at the end as making one a prohibited person. This is absurd.
Anger is cheap and politeness is expensive. Don't expect everybody to be polite. #ThoughtfulThursday  #politeness #thoughtfulthursday #politeness
Be adult Pay taxes to govt Be deemed incompetent by people with different views Feels bad
“I hate rich people” - people using website made by rich person on a device made by a rich person.
You’re not being clear in what you’re trying to say. I’m unsure how to try to help you in this case.
u guys were a pretty good place to eat at :( ill miss it
Lol that’s incredible! PLO is such an amazing game, so much more entertaining than NLH. Good job pal.
This is me all the time, a mixture of anxiety and dread.
Finally found out that I have bad whip lash and strained the tendons in my neck.
Sadly, it ran. :( I hope you're enjoying your trip overseas! :D
>where are all the good men >only looks at rich men M E M E. G E N D E R.
It's not really controversial any year, but he's commentating a game with [NAME] in it. He has the counterpoint right in front of him.
Sorry I'm a reddit noob but why do I get notifications of comments on my thread but then they disappear and I can't read them? Lol
Wow, that sounds like it could be great.
But aren't they the only people? Also, that's a damn nice rack and it makes me feel kinda off. Idk why.
My dog knows when I say "BRB" on the mic he gets up and runs to the door.
Cover it up with a smile, maybe it'll get better
I love this guy. He does amazing impersonations. Thanks for sharing.
Thank you. Ignore the morons who have never heard of lactose intolerance.
yeah what happened in this comment section... Hope these people are ok. TDS is very serious and real.
I'm so happy that this worked for you! Go forth, and have unashamed sex in my honour.
It’s fitting. All things Considered.
Absolutely adore this
Of course. And dont think for a second we dont know who this really is! [NAME]!
Maybe he thought they meant HOKEY!!!! Like “the hokey pokey”. Lol
Yea with [NAME] as a host right?
All good just in it for the free karma anyways my man ( ▀ ͜͞ʖ▀)
I went skiing in another state and ran into a gaggle of students. Distance guarantees nothing.
I'm pregnant! "How dare you?!" I love it.
no one loves me
The biggest Nightmare
Favorite: Hardhomme! That epic stare down at the end! Least favorite: No One. Completely ridiculous and unbeleivable
*thinks about all of those hours on GTA* [chuckles] I’m in danger
Of course, in the end I had a better essay to hand in ( can't remember how this impacted the grade ) but I didn't feel like the work I was turning in was mine.So when I'm editing Jenn's work a shiver runs down my spine that my father is also standing above my shoulder editing my edits.
COCONUT TREE was fine—why ruin it with nonsense? I drank it since childhood. Why keep destroying your own reputation?
Hurts donuts are dry. i love the toppings and suffer through the bottom 90% of the donut, really not worth it.
That’s bull crap call.
it's kinda cute
If one day I have daughters, I want them to be so badass that these kids! Nice to see them enjoying metal!
> [NAME] That is going to get sooo confusing if he does join our division.
The terror threat level really need to be raised
I wish I was [NAME]. Source (deleted):
Why to have vanity sizes?Now sizes S,XS(evenXXS sometimes) are too big, WTF?! Dear corporate jerks, Lithuania didn't need this. #rant  #rant
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) you know you are. I bet its its awful being totally destroyed and embarrassed on the internet hahaha ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
@BartholomewD It's -terrible-! We're going to the local fish/chip place in Kirribilli
gardnier has been a turnover machine tonight
Like... how is that possible? Holy shit
Yeah he's a cunt but that doesn't mean he should be prosecuted for a joke. No matter how bad taste it was.
I can't be the only one who's on this sub because I love it instead of being afraid
@strong_bread dude we same fukc i lost my spectacles this morning.......
No like its legit cgi Edit: this comment has some value the entire thread has things to pick apart in it
We are killing this planet
Thank You All for your comments. Thank god I wasn’t alone on feeling this.
Simpsons plus Packers shitpost = best shitpost
@caseycdutch @m_rath that's what some rioters are doing
@_aiseela\nHe will rejoice over you with gladness, \nHe will renew you with His love, \nHe will rejoice over you with singing.
Cold Stone, I would have been in line
Its to hard to write for [NAME]?
[NAME], [NAME], [NAME] all looking nicer
I just watched this episode twice and I already miss him. Restart the series.
And it was out of their control as well for both. That's funny
He is just a kid, calm down and/or direct your anger elsewhere.
Well, never thought I'd be here, but here I am, someone who passionately hates the Florida Panthers
Nice of them to come check on you.
Welcome to the gloaming. Yes.
TTs have size limits. The group I was acquainted with had, ahem, "leadership" problems as well.
Had a conversion with a random fellow passenger on a #melbourne @metrotrains yesterday evening  #youwouldntreadaboutit #melbourne #youwouldntreadaboutit
First weekend of fall; let's see if I can stay disciplined to this seasons goals. #fitness #running #sober #Mindset #firstfriday #family #fitness #running #sober #mindset #firstfriday #family
Goddamn. I'd tap the fuck out if I was that other guy.
No, they aren’t.
unblockables and cc moves do not affect him while in bulwark stance or at least he can also counter them (not sure how the stance works)
Lol I understand the sleep issue. I’m CIO for a small financial trading startup, so I’m always on call no matter what.
See, guys??? It’s happening!!!!
Obviously, as long as [NAME] commanded it then it's moral. Morality brought to you by stone age goat herders!
Their engine runs on fuel called whining :-)\n\nU jst  hv 2b observant..\nHar din Rona dhona &amp; complain. \nHappy news makes them unhappy :-)
The essence of a brand is to make flawless products in its domain. In the 80s–90s, during reform and opening up, there were plenty of gaudy campaigns — yet not so much outrage. Why has our society lost tolerance and dialectical thinking? We once embraced unity of opposites, allowing diverse ideologies to coexist.
yea, get back to me when the deal is done.
Thank you! It makes so much more sense
Gives me [NAME] 2005 bad memories.
I honestly couldn’t care what you think of me random person on the internet.
Take them out of his care and into the care of someone who can watch them until you are able to protect them yourself.
Absolutely. That was an amazing set of games. Didn’t miss a beat
Another fun fact is that the survivors present at the campfire are the ones you most recently played as.
And all of the other daily dramas that are taking up the forefront of my mind -- jobs and friends and family and bills and snow and more about the jobs -- all of these things are nothing to my heart, which just keeps on beating, keeps on doing its job.
This case has drained too many public resources. Isn’t anyone fed up? Liu Xin’s ruined, the victim’s mom is a household name—time to end it. Everyone involved should move on.
Wow! I’ve never seen so many deleted comments, and that’s saying something.
It's weird how quickly I agreed with you. Usually I'da been more incredulous.
What did I just read
Because I was a fan through all of those NFCCG losses...
This time last year I was pissed at the top of the Eiffel Tower. Today I was down a manhole in the rain. Happy Anniversary @Jordannea11 😘♥️
Thank you very much I appreciate the enthusiasm btw do you know more or less how much space will I need to install it?
Based on her other post she's young, pregnant and possibly homeless. Looking for help and advice.
yeah great idea, get buffed like an animal then shoot bricks in game
my soul has long been destroyed :( it’s over for us nosoulcels
Made sense, they removed all identifiable information.
[NAME] rosenbrook? Is this woman mental. Why does she use these names?
Where's the blindfold?
Like what?
I'm sorry I imagine that was devastating.
Oh [NAME] all the cereal will be stuck soaking in milk until they get mushy and gross
Remember folks, you can visit to report rule breaking behaviors including brigading and harassment. Do your part to help stop abuse on Reddit!
Sorry to say it, but you will have to do that for now It sucks
haha I didnt remember that Rampage was there live commentating for that one, good stuff.
Are you hungry?
I wonder what the laws are if you bartered for a gun. I wash your car, you give me a glock.
I read it as baby sitter and for really confused at the "she decided she wanted to walk" part
The drop is the best part of the rollercoaster! :)
i didnt know that blonde coffee has a different scoop until like 3 months in tbh
Not threatening? It is an exhortation to commit a violent sexual act against a woman.
Thank you! It really means a lot to me
tHiS iS wHY TruMP wiLL wiN!!!!!1!1
I do have a feeling [NAME] will retire while [NAME] still has a season on his contract.
Gee...what a guy...
Bide your time, keep your eyes open, and build the reputation and relationship needed. The opportunity will come.
No such thing as too cold, friend! Just too long, I don't wanna bother.
Yep, usually if it was the other way around she would love both of her cultures.
The whole point of being an introvert is *going alone*
I love how someone put a laughing emoji on that.
Leaders could retire early. Henan’s policy rivals Xi’an’s rigid approach—but Xi’an fixed theirs once flaws appeared. Henan? “Do whatever you want, we won’t change, we’ll just cut all the same!”
Passing the torch. Lmao. You never made a good one.
Do you mean addons exclusive to him? The instasaw bubba is pretty fucking good....
[NAME] looked terrible that game. I was really hoping to be wrong but he came just as advertised by Hawks fans
For sure. Thank you.
Wait, they're not? *looks closer* Huh.
Wow yes, that is a perfect way to describe it.
Pay this man
Have to admit I thought this story would end with her demanding food or something.
i bet dat dog eating name brand cheerios. cant relate. i eat cheery O's
Is that too bad though?
Ohh looking cool Jok- Get out of here side character.
When [NAME] scores not one, but TWO goals it means you're doing something wrong
Wound a little tight? Everyone respects him. People are just having a bit of fun.
I agree. It seems the recruiter is a poor communicator and I think that is where some of my apprehension is coming from.
Make sure you get that on video for the lawsuit. Hope she’s ok...
what an idiot
Extend the compassion; go vegan.
that looks like a nightmare.
Uh, you do know there's another hole right next door, right?
rub a cats belly right fuckin meow!
Damn, time to tweet Young House Love and find out what color they used on the brick...
This!!!
I've started downvoting people for mentioning meat or animal products in their comments.
I will! This is a great new excuse for never leaving my house
not my kid, not my problem. Best comeback ever xD
Yeah it's a weird thing people do
That would set an awful precedent Anytime the president can't pass something legislatively, he can just shut down the government to force his agenda through.
I instinctively thought that meant "That's gotta hurt"
Why not? Just go for it. It'll make a great story to tell at your 50th wedding anniversary party.
You must be fun at parties.
Like I said, stunning. But not at all surprising you would reference [NAME].
I cant’t stand mint flavored toothpaste. That’s how much I hate mint.
I wonder if your mother is proud of the person you became
I read it on NRK as well. Brought tears to my eyes.
So, a kid?
Besides, you have no clue which ones I have and haven't done.
Please let [NAME] live 🙏🏽
I would have preferred that. But he wanted the big party, which admittedly, was super fun.
Why make it a video? Could have just been a text post.
Funny you say that... krav maga is quite popular in Evanston.
Or minor son - this news is about two female chiefs being accused of molesting two male trainees.
...a golden sex toy?
lol it’s pretty tame compared to r/Titlegore
Sweet thanks for the update. I hope the kitty finds a good home
I hope if you ever have need of help for mental illness that the person who responds is not like you.
The fried baloney is amazing.
Just a minute, don't hang up!
Thank you! Ill sign up as soon as its working! I checked it a few min ago and its still giving the error.
why arent they all laying on the floor???
Any other reasonably priced recommendation?
Oh [NAME] imagining this tween screaming yaaass queen at a poor drag queen made me cringe into a ball
Poison is usually physically damaging
I love it! A smile from a stranger has really turned my day around, so I always hope I can possibly do the same!
Thanks, bud!
Hey we make money something u can’t say. Come back when your store can compete guy.
Lol I'm glad
I hate when that happens 😩😩😩😩😩
I just don't get how so many people on this sub know that about the Dems but still manage to get taken in by the [NAME].
The minute I heard about this this morning, I just knew [NAME] would use it for his benefit someway, somehow... lol. :/
@ThomasSanders This was great, looking forward to next part! 😄
It becomes manageable after I get prep going. But first thing in the morning it’s always a mess.
Well probably that's because it's the salary the job pays. A better question would be why is [NAME] getting 3.5 million from Russian oligarchs 🤔
Chart music is pretty much ALL the same.. #horrific #horrific
On the 12th day of the Lunar New Year, I quietly make a wish — may your 2023 be full of vitality and joy every minute!
Exactly, if I recall right, the last tall forward in barca was [NAME] no?
It doesn't add up that a person who was receiving threats took actions to stop receiving threats?
Awesome photo, love the bricks in the background and the color suits you chose. Very nice gents!
Employ the son of your biggest donor?
India should now react to the uri attack.....
If there's less than four employees, this was not illegal discrimination unfortunately
My husband’s mental health issues caused our divorce. If you need a friend or a listening ear, pm me. I hope things improve!
brooks running shoes and you will never have a sore back or feet in your life again
it's quite cruel and a little late for him to be worried about hurting her
happened to me last week too with mango, the pods were half empty and wet. handling them made my finger tips hurt after a while
This comment has sent me on a several hour journey down the rabbit hole of [NAME]. Thank you
I drove through there dropping off an uber passenger and I was really amazed by how beautiful it is.
1.) Its not real socialism 2.) All government is socialism pick one "socialists" fire departments arent socialist
In Shenyang Huanggu District, even home testing requires magnetic strips — how’s that different from home quarantine? How are people supposed to cooperate?
Yes, you should speak with an attorney.
A tear bubbled at the corner of my eye, and then slowly caressed my cheek.
it’s just a nice gesture. don’t make it so deep lol
> freak degenerates who live to subvert all [RELIGION] values and Prods What? Are you for real? [NAME], tell me it isn't true.
Yep that’s the problem I have. Can’t make friends
Pain in both your hips during squats is a sign of youthfulness and being spry right? 🤐🤐🤐🤐
Alt-J - Hunger of the pine.
This gets posted a lot. It’s not really that great. Interesting concept - the first hour had my interest - goes downhill the second half.
Yal aggravate tf outta me acting lying yal can't tell the difference between a dyke and a man. RARELY is it that hard to tell the difference
Busy night for you lol
1 5v5 goal in 2 months is not good anyway you spin it. But pleasure being downvoted by you, enjoy believing in WAR
Im very interested. Contact me if you are going to set one up and want/need help.
You got a license for that sarcasm?
The Colts badly wanted to hire him. He’d get a GM job in a heartbeat if he wanted it.
Finally realized the dream! The pilots of No. 15 are 46, 55 and 56 years old, and it is not too late to work hard at any time, and dreams can be realized.
One of the most posted things on reddit. Please delete
Just woke up and bull run already started.. loving the 💩 show
My ukulele bag has fallen apart. 😐 WELLL AT LEAST my life hasn't yet!! #optimism #optimism
Now you tell me! I’m heading at high speed towards a one-third-life crisis and need a change.
good luck getting them to understand that
@PixelMonsterYT @TeamGE0 @IZEDEPTIC @ztumtum @CrimtideTV @LtGrandslam @Slinkercorn Bahahahaha Dean looks hilarious and damn I got fat
LCSC?
I know man, however in some ways it's a good way to act out a martyr complex.
Ehhh I don’t know, I still find it kind of cringey with the “[NAME]” talk and all that stuff.
Where in the timeline does ESO take place? If there be dragons, is this around Skyrim or in the distant past?
Yeah, empathy, a hell of a drug ;)
Haha oops **amiodarone. This is why we need safety checks for drug orders. ;)
toy has lost its value
My friends tell me I'm pretty. Trigger tells my I'm ugly. I first was confused but then realised I'm both. Pretty ugly. #tru  #tumblr #tru #tumblr
I think all of our assets will end up in India to a dead guy!
[NAME] path made me hate everything associated with pirates
Let’s go! TRoss is awesome
Yeah it's pretty odd how defensive some people are about my comment too
Look at a calendar. Look at the 14th. Look at the week that contains the 14th. That week, any of the days on that week.
He looks like some super imposed [NAME] face (from dumb and dumber) onto a kneecap.
Yup, that's exactly what happened when the alt-right took over the sub. So glad I won't get banned for saying that now.
Simply amazing.
This is beautiful and heartbreaking :(
Here's an excerpt from Australian law that seeks to define hate
And [NAME] should go sell his wife's ketchup. He's good for nothing else besides selling out our country.
Happy Abortion, Everybody!
If I died I've always wondered who will be at my funeral. I imagine only my mom. Maybe one of these days I'll find out.
Oh she dead
Not true at all
We’re still commenting on a video of a dog farting and a cat throwing up right?
People need to quit flagging this post. If you come to r/stlouis then you are well aware we hate the Rams and [NAME].
Good pick. I love Dream to Dream from the sequel Fievel Goes West.
You'd be stupid not to do this.
Ex-Marines are the best.
Feels good getting a number next to our name again.
Gorguis jumper looks so clean when he has a minute to line it up
Oh I know. I was just pointing out that our current number one has consistency issues as well so we are used to it.
Tyl has got to be the most cringey, condescending thing I've seen on Reddit in a while.
First day of college feeling nervous
Fuck
We made a big raft of inflatables on Little Bay and listened to the Hottest 100. Good times. The water is finally nice and warm.
You just going into the posse menu and buy the persistent posse. It costs $200. Good luck ❤️
Its supposed to be an "eye opener" to those claiming the winning team was lucky. I am not saying either is correct.
I'm high RN and can't understand this
And Republicans, you, namely Graham, Flake, Sasse and others are not safe from my wrath, hence that Hillary Hiney-Kissing ad I saw about you
[NAME]! congratulations! and may [NAME] help you more!
Thank you!! I really enjoyed the first song and the song by The Avalanches. Both were very melodious and charming.
Well I mean this game is so stupid in a lot of ways tbh
bahhhhh i didnt know this existed. i love/hate you. - [NAME]
Trust me, I'd love to have foreskin but there's some sort of weird thing going on here involving circumcision.
Damn, super glue and band aids stat!
My husband found out there are other rabid hockey fans like me as we waited in line 4 of the 6 window stickers were for SJ NHL/AHL hockey.
A classic. I have these.
A Lysol can got stuck in spray position and we're all slowly suffocating from the trash can that smells like a Febreeze factory. #panic #panic
It is part of the political game unfortunately.
@Netflix_ME penny dreadful season 3?
Thank you and your upvoters
> What keeps hurting her though? They are getting absolutely crushed by the crowd probably. There's always jackasses trying to push forward.
Is that meat or veggies?
Every day I always get a bit sad when I've finished my lunch.
Who would win: The Green Arrow or 1 Electric Boi
Outside of Reddit the Democrat base has definitely not gotten more progressive.
I agree.
I've tried a whole lot of things, nothing has worked.
So [NAME] is still on the block and hoping [NAME] can nominate someone else.
Don’t rush it .... it will eventually all fall into place, Enjoy today
She commented on everything that went into my mouth.
Give rise to eternal home aico things immolation: succeed in mother country exhilaration: AKt
You offend me, @Tansorma
@WSJNordics You make the world a more joyful place. #TheNiceBot #thenicebot
I didn’t see any objections in the comments — is that supposed to be “malicious rumor”? No screenshots, nothing. Saying “some people objected” again? Stop speaking on behalf of netizens.
Thank you very much. I try my best to follow my steps from therapy, but it seems to be my biggest hurdle.
...which means they will likely face some negative repercussions after the downvote brigade wakes up and buries this post.
Not all atheists do this, but some do and it's a genuinely strange phenomenon.
Immediately my throat tightens.
He showed us a really lively performance, with a lot of different emotions, not just sticking to one. And that's freaking awesome.
[NAME] stated that Ethtrader polls will be used for important community decisions. So I can see people trying to buy influence through Donuts in these decisions.
It’s a shame we have to face the islanders so soon
that this ridiculous comparison is this detailed and explicit makes me think the whole beating-a-little-girl-thing is part of his disgusting sexual fantasies.
"You're going to get behind our anointed centrist establishment candidate and you're going to LIKE IT!" How did 2016 turn out for you again?
Measuring my life in semesters filled with classes that are entirely worthless but I need a $60,000 piece of paper to get a job
If angry, bash out your frustration on the pastry #GBBO #gbbo
Says nothing about a 2nd interview
Check out this #film Robocoq 301 #animated #shortfilms #film #animated #shortfilms
Orisa will actually fair better than most if the orisa has good fortify usage. Mainly decreases effectiveness for dva and rein.
Love the alliteration here.
It was [NAME] I think? And I only remember because I was surprised and then disappointed.
Part of me want to see the rest but the other part of me realises he's probably cold
I got into law school, and now I’m finally tackling my addiction to video games to make sure I graduate :)
When you wake up, scroll through social media, and another father was taken from his child  #everyday #KeithLamontScott #everyday #keithlamontscott
I'm not sure how to post a picture lol. Here's my attempt.
Thank goodness it's a rare add on in that case xD Thanks for the info! :)
Many celebrities and influencers dress revealingly in the name of “freedom,” but when Coconut Tree does it modestly, it’s suddenly “suggestive”?
Now go to a return? Oh ok, thanks for the store to find something better.
Thanks but not pictured: my 3” heels I usually have to tip toe to kiss the dude🙎🏻‍♀️
penny dreadful just cleaved off a fraction of my heart
Idealogues are annoying.
Wow this is getting huge
I wish my mom was like you. Moms like her make us feel like our whole life has just been an identity crisis.
Yikes. That sounds terrible 😢
Uh, I have no idea.
Service Ontario isn't a ministry, and I don't believe you're close friends with the heads of two ministries at all.
Must be why I'm alive. That sucks.
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5933 ^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?
I didn't know about this, thanks! Just signed up.
Thank u! Looking for some new podcasts!
My dog seems uncomfortable when I don’t. ¯_(ツ)_/¯
For real! So happy they just put season 2 on hulu
It’s $7 is what it is. Which thrills me
5% more people identifying as liberal than conservative, 4.3% more people supporting the tax rates. [NAME] activated
Edit: I realized I dont want my story publicized. Sorry yall. Too personal for me
Damn I've only seen kittens snuggle like that that's adorable
I feel with him...
He sounds like one of those 'no means yes' guys.... Glad you got away unscathed.
Until The Times can write another article on the theme "They'll cave completely right now".
I reported an old man for terrible driving and the police actually took it seriously (pleasantly surprised). It's worth a try!
yay!!! Congratulations! You are so pretty, make up is going to look awesome on you! Your hair is beautiful too ^_^
I couldn't get my feet undone so I just... fell over.
Right? I think [NAME] needs to be careful cause I could def see [NAME] snapping.
Kind of wish they recorded a video of the shard of glass moving through the heart, we would all pee a little in our pants.
For goodness sake give [NAME] a rest. After the last game he said he was so tired from running so much.
I’ve massively improved but it never really gets cured. There are always situations that will give you anxiety.
.@PreetBharara's Twitter barbs are both insightful and delightful to read; hell hath no fury like a crusading prosecutor scorned
Also it’s YOU’RE a fucking stupid moron. Thank u.
my first thought was Superstar!
Awesome. But not good awesome.. awesome the way nuclear bombs and hurricanes are awesome.
You're already watching the world crash and burn, buddy. The progress toward human extinction is irreversible now. Your tormented heart can rest easy.
Oh. I have anxiety for her and this conversation.
@KhaleesiofFood @BB_Updates she has stayed off the block almost all season, got out people that were good for her game, but no one seemed
I love how dramatic it is. It's perfectly self aware
I don't live there anymore, but I grew up in the midwest, and the "ope" triggered me a little bit
That poor snek :’(
i love his face for that split second after he is hit
My little sister sure can hold a grudge 😂😂😂
But you have about 0% chance of winning the lottery and the lottery isn't determined by your effort, skill, etc.
@ActualFlatticus @veggie64_leslie @mtracey Call me a pessimist, but I don't think therapy can fix whatever is wrong with Anthony Weiner.
yeah and I;m getting ready to eat fries with ranch!!!
Rusty you the bomb! I'm okish now but just knowing you are out there makes me smile! Cheers! xoxo
Workers of the world unite! We have nothing to lose but our chains!
I am extremely excited to read this.
[NAME] fouled him. It's simple.
But is it your fault you worked hard and stayed the course until eventually it all paid off, no! so let it be known and count up!
I appreciate the honesty
Have you met anyone old? Hell, I’m in my late 30s and that’s “awhile back”.
I'm so glad not to have Publix in my region when I see this bullshit...even though *I* miss their subs too... Lol
@RealMichaelKay Annoys me to about the Ortiz tribute too, how would the Oriole fans and organization feel if Yanks did that to them?
[NAME] is in Valkyrie, we're SAAAFFffffeeeee........
That was just embarrassing. We should not be loosing here.
If only someone would love the septuple-PhD in the galaxy for her mind.lol
His last post to T_D was to try and rile people up to get [NAME]
@raylewis name change Uncle Remus Lewis #foh #theydontlikeyoueither #lost #unwoke #foh #theydontlikeyoueither #lost #unwoke
That's awesome!! Look forward to watching this kids progress in year 2
You don't see the conflict with funding another countries wall but not one for the same function? Both equally stupid and worthless.
i remember my grandparents seemed to hate each other. my grandpa had a hearing aid and when grandma starting nagging he'd reach up and turn it off.
@ScottAdamsSays broke it down on #snap great analysis on #CNBC #snap #cnbc
Okay, thank you very much! So we are off the deep end of Riverdale logic here.
For some reason I'm imagining a hauty, French snorting laugh.
Probably because it mentioned [NAME] but idk. It's just was a harmless joke lol.
Oh my. Bless this dog. He is a big boy. I love him so much. Tell him I love him.
This has to be a joke...
I'm okay with killing babies in general. I mean, mastification is the cornerstone of my diet.
Maybe it needs to be "Hall of Shame" instead of a museum.
You need to clasp your hands on top of a book to get rid of depression? Thanks grandma
There are explanations below somewhere
[NAME] found the perfect position to not have to defend [NAME] or [NAME]. Amazing instinct to be honest
I dont own a gun. I just dont like your attitude. You read like a drugged out washed up leach.
Because your very wise mother KNEW who the real wankers were and she couldn't be bothered... Smart lady.
@who_cares_nvm The destroying of my memory is my goal so ECT might work. Or a zapper thingy like in Men in Black. Or Dumbledore's pensive.
That sounds like it was an absolute nightmare, I'm sorry you had to go through that, anesthetic failing is a horrifying experience.
Nah, I'm good. But thanks.
Lots of community theaters have great programs. What part of the valley are you in?
Because I've lost control of my life.
I really appreciate you saying that And yes he is the cutest
This wouldn’t feel so bad if sales and footfall weren’t but many external pressures were keeping profits down.
It's not illegal but cars insurance is usually primary and health secondary. Her health insurance will ask what caused the injury and likely subro against your auto insurance
Nope nope nope
What's up with that hanukkah background
Their sounds of silence cover is very good
8 years ago a “friend” of a friend very seriously said we should nuke Compton. One guess who is a rabid [NAME] supporter now.
the best places are immigrant restaurants. cheap and delicious food. the better ones are outside of downtown.
Exactly. My father is part of Homeland security and is furloughed. Homeland Security isn't completely shut down but they furloughed part of their work force.
Same - I feel like I stim a lot more - but I'm much more comfortable and less self-conscious about it.
anxiety pays off
Dipo always be in our hearts. The one that got away
Just like that he quit. Maybe he didn't think it was worth the hassle/risk of fighting that for a one night, four hour show
I just tell myself that I'll be put together for some girl. She won't have to treat me like a fixer upper.
Lmao at this point she’ll probably deliver Teddy/Owen’s baby.
I considered becoming a teacher, but then I considered the little bastards would eat me alive.
😂😂 she really is. I can’t stop laughing. She’s a fruit loop!
You should call the police and tell your friend maybe you can Stay over at his place
@chutneysupercat hi lovely brownie, MM is calling me tuppytupperware.. its awful
> [NAME]. You disgust me. But seriously when do we get a real show and skip the constant ad teases.
That’s what I was thinking as well. I could think of a few ways to go about restoring a painting but not on a wall. Lol
So. Damn. Greasy.
Not really. All pretty random injuries.
That dress is made with industrial strength lycra/polyester and thread. I'm amazed it didn't blow up and kill innocent bystanders at the restaurant.
@KillerInASuit - now getting banned but will still lurk in corners and underneath the bed and sofa, much to Eyepatch's delight. Why is she -
Lmao this is excessive
YOUR momentum doesn't help you, its the direction you're aiming and THEIR momentum that does. they were probably backing up when that happened.
@ayeshashafique5 we are not concerned about Pakistan's internal affairs. But the terrorism as it's state &amp; economic policy.#terroristnation #terroristnation
Just gotta stop overthinking. Try meditation. That helps control your thoughts better.
You pushed too hard for her to give it up first date damn. She was all good for date 2, don’t fuck that up lmao
There is something wrong with a man that finds a pubescent girl attractive.
> like a fucking peregrine falcon, her and him beeline straight for her bedroom. Are they falcons or bees? Alphas don't mix metaphors.
Wtf is this lmao god I hate reddit
Uh oh spaghettio
Thanks:D
Actually ugly women are not going to post their pics.
[NAME] take a biology class you social darwinist scum.
Np just passing it forward from another comment haha. Love the sudden silence in this video. Love the look on everyone’s faces.
I found all mutual nut destruction games to be ridiculous and I never played them. My friends all loved them though.
Rename yours to Fuck and let alphabetical order take care of the rest.
I'm [NAME] and I'll leave you with what we all came here to see ... [NAME]!
Do you even believe these numbers? No tests means “no cases”? We’re left to fate, hiding at home.
Nice try GRU.
Ahhhhhh [NAME] had to finish that. But beautiful pass from [NAME]
As a personal agent of entropy in this world: Damn, what laptop do you use?
I don't know in what way the 1% can tweet "Qu'ils mangent de la brioche" and not offend the 99%.
I missed this too. Why did they split?
Oh wow, hate that.
How much time you got? I enjoy *The Spirit of Redemption* but it's a bit long.
This article is stupid.
It’s all a show. Welcome to season one of tanking in the Windy City.
If it’s inappropriate, the video wouldn’t show on Weibo. There’s no “borderline”—either within or outside the line. If everything looks borderline to you, you’re just the guy with a hammer seeing everything as a nail.
Says who? Comedians can joke about anything as long as it's funny to their audience.
At least you have some girl to talk with at work.
Thank you for doing your service. The world is now a better place because of you
You give me too much credit... That comment is as trash as the meme
Walmart is a special kind of hell.
Can you skip second book without damaging the whole series?
If reincarnation is real, I hope next time I have a name that's half as awesome as [NAME].
I found #marmite in Australia. `:) #happy #marmite #happy
You missed so many...
you should definitely negotiate and ask. you have nothing to lose by asking. good luck!
Assuming this is true, frankly I'm surprised they were still allowed to have images of the [NAME] in their homes.
I mean I'm not done watching the pilot, but it's nice to see a group of actors perform without story lines dripping relentless nihilism.
Not having social media is such a blessing for me, it’s weird he messaged your mum though! I bet she loved hearing from him!
What a cool argument dude!! Lol. This coming from the worlds most empowered dater who can date anyone!! Stop age shaming.
A mother and child in Leling, Shandong, failed to report their trip back from a high-risk
i thought it was very coincidental that i was listening to 808’s while doing this bullshit and that this question popped up unexpectedly. made me smile
Yes, all the time when I can tell somebody is upset with me. Allistic peeps really refuse to communicate clearly it’s the worst!
As the birds begin to chirp, I try to sleep. #Jetlag #jetlag
Sorry for the late question but I wanted to know if can you buy 2 tickets with one Madridista membership? Or is it one ticket per Madridista membership?
I unintentionally read this from right to left this time, probably because I recognized this meme and know that it normally is the wrong way. I fooled myself
AT doing some work!
if you logged in that complicates things... i honestly still doubt they would really go after you, but technically they could if they wanted to.
When is that? There will always be supporters who don't support the players.
not writing some stats today [NAME]? just curious xD
I really can't imagine someone saying that if the gender was reversed.
Does it say how many servings are in the bucket? I'm really hungry.
Totally zero bias at all as we know feminist scholars aren't bias and always correct no matter what.
@chelseafc let them know it's the #blues #blues
Lol if he wouldnt have 3 straight bad games it still would not be even close to LOCK
But platonic cuddling is comfy (after making sure the consent stuff is a ok for all parties)
Lol you're an idiot.
It isn't complicated at all. You are growing up. Congrats.
KS looks like a prime target for democrats to prove that they can help rural [NAME], I hope that they do good things here.
[NAME] MAY be a slightly better hitter, but he can't field for crap. And the other two can't hold a candle to [NAME]
whats it like being this stupid?
Dissociation/ Derealization. Its a big symptom of anxiety.
I apologise for coming off as rude, the end comment was unnecessary and needlessly rude
hi berniebrocialists of all genders: if I lived in a swingish state I would w/o hesitation vote Clinton &amp; would do so w/o 'supporting' her
r/rantsfromretail would also like this.
Try nonchalantly handing them your card as if they had dropped it. I think its normal to be shy. *handing on exit, otherwise it could get awkward
Thanks now I want a subway!
i would love to have your neighbor!! he seems so nice! i really truly do hope you never meet that guy again.
As soon as I heard that I told my boyfriend every time he calls me from now on it needs to start like that
Ah the classic "I don't deserve you" argument.
So lifelike!
I dunno, I've found some of my holy grail products through bloggers.
His loss! A child is the most precious thing life has to offer. Good riddance, you deserve better.
This mode is dead. Sorry :/
I really like the AussieBum jockstraps.
Kill all humans
No it takes at least 14 days and if she’s had her period it’s very unlikely she was pregnant before NYE
[NAME] ignored [NAME] and I loved it
It's super funny 😂
Yup, that sounds more like it. I think those five superhot women who legitimately never get hit on are shut-ins or extreme introverts.
The cutest [NAME] you ever did see
[NAME] didn't do all that much with [NAME] and [NAME] and a much better supporting cast either.
Whenever I hear about someone I haven’t previously and someone says wow really they’re a YouTube ________ I physically twitch
Please make this happen. It works fine for Arizona. It will work fine here. Do it.
Watch alpha jackals explanation of the Nerf. It's a great explanation
Just added that information. Thanks
Anyone want adopt a dog while we are at this discussion lol?
I skipped the Oilers game for a birthday party for a cat. I’m glad I did that instead.
How do you prove someone is looking for a job??
"We lost good people on both sides"
If I ever feel like getting shot... I am going to use this line. Thanks!
That Man has one of the coolest tattoos on his knee I've ever seen.
The Iowa State Cyclones are my favorite college basketball team.
[NAME] I can understand, but Ukrainian? Is he a migrant from central asia? Or a [NAME]? I am confused
While an interesting idea I'd rather have scepter be more like it is in DotA and upgrade the passive and/or signature card.
Get in touch with a lawyer. No one in Reddit can answer this. Throwing her out really would be better.
"Family is forever"? Weird, I thought humans age and die relatively quickly.
Actually, fascism is considered a far-right ideology. Most tenets of fascism are incompatible with Marxist ideology, just fyi.
@BBCNews 😝 scared of their own horror story they wrote, afraid of the #terror they spread, will #europe start WW3 in 2017 anniversary of WW1 #terror #europe
This video doesn't even show the shoes he was wearing...
Of course it was a smart move, it's only dumb if its the only move
I love the north east. Can’t say much for the rest though
Once they get a taste of catfood they’ll be back for the whole cat.
I’m glad you did
Why not both
Maybe time to see a doctor or psychologist? Although a bit of social anxiety is normal and not necessarily the disorder.
I love this 😂
Just out of curiosity, what age group are you? Your boyfriend seems real decent nut the scenario sounds like teenagers I'm confused!
Isn’t Jiamusi the same? Even low-risk returnees face 7-day isolation. Try reasoning — they’ll arrest you!
@OniLink86 @DarekMeridian lmao awe...
This is racist
Where exactly is the irony? His name is not [NAME], and the title, bio, and picture contain no related jokes.
Ya it would suck good luck too you and your family man 👨✌️👍👍👍🤜
Then there you have it. From everything I have seen thus far, this game is doomed. I hate saying that.
Looks like the walk of shame. Heading home after a night of partying and to much drinking.
It’s ok to go to bed with that drip tonight.
And in the case of human trafficking, these people we should be given homes and protection instead of being tossed out to be abused in their home country
Maybe if I don't try to hide, they'll think someone else did it.
9. Some of us just don’t like fucking dogs. Fuck off. Stay away from me.
Still not as bad as [NAME] not being able to figure out how to push a god damn button.
I realised that baby [NAME] looked like young [NAME] and it really upset me. So you all have to deal with that now too.
[NAME] and [NAME] were awesome.
I have secret Reese’s, too!!! They’re hidden under the healthy snacks that none of the kids can see/reach anyway.
@msdhoni #dhoni bcoz of is calmness nd match winning  finishers nd a proud #miltirian #dad#husband nd wonderful humanbeing nd his  #dhoni #miltirian #dad
Oooo I see, I was hoping it wasn't a troll thing, it seemed really tasteless.
I have several questions.
Who the hell thinks he isn’t overpaid
Not only that, from grassroots to official levels, from print media to online media, all have taken action; and it’s not just recent years, but a long-term practice starting long ago. The rare phenomenon of “city fan club culture” has emerged—taking over places and spreading propaganda. It’s become more obvious in recent years due to cooperation with capital and platforms—faster, more efficient, and seemingly more respectable.
I love posts like this because they make me feel so much better about being vegan.
Can't wait for episode 5
First, a two-year-old can’t sit in the front seat. Also, maybe send him to Shaolin — iron head training might suit him.
Optimism dial at 13, absolute mad man
Oh my [NAME] give her as much food as she wants!
thanks heaps it actually did help [NAME] good man, saved
After having a second baby, I left my daughter with her grandparents for 3 months. When she came back, she’s super clingy, bad-tempered, cries easily over little things, always wants hugs. Throws tantrums many times a day, avoids old friends, rejects strangers, won’t answer questions, hits easily, domineering, very possessive.
Except the federal workers won’t be facing an income reduction, only a delayed payment. I wonder if that restricts them from accessing the program.
Hoarders unite! 2388 stars here, 19 rewards, 20 by tomorrow. Highest reward was 23. No Visa card. Too tired of playing credit card roulette.
Damn didn’t know it was for a whole now that’s crazy
I absolutely think this is possible, and for the good of our team: *TOLES FINDS DEM HOLES!*
Have a wonderful day.
I try to slow down things.
PS. I love my aunt! She’s one of the reasons I went into “nursins.”
With those pieces I’d be surprised 😒
Thanks for the advice, i appreciate it.
Im glad you took that step. Sometimes its really hard making that decision, but im glad you didnt force yourself to be miserable
Fucking hell they're bringing on all the giants
You shut your stupid mouth troll. Thy absolutely matter
I think that toxic masculinity refers to toxic behavior that has misogynistic undertones.
Forgot about that. In browsing it looks like he is eyeballing other OC jobs.
@KeithRothfus Your silence=complicity. Obviously you have no problem with Russian interference. #sad #russianhacking #treason #sad #russianhacking #treason
I love seeing @yeahlizzy because it reminds me I'm not the only one miserable at work 😅
So much for the offensive burst in the first half. Lol.
Cool I have a few friends that do the same I appreciate them being stories instead of direct messages
@DeltaAssist Tried 2 get earlier flt 2day  @BWI Turnd away bcuz it was 2 late Then agent let other pas on #silvereliteleftbehind #unhappy #silvereliteleftbehind #unhappy
yes, please do I'm worried about her D:
Apologies, got a little carried away.
2013 was Dunk City, right? Because that was incredible
Which makes it even weirder that he hasn't played [NAME] yet. He seems born for that role.
r/redditminusmods its the first post there.
i was expecting a kitty
Wait what’s wrong with [NAME] lol I’ve never had any problems listening to him personally
No reason to follow pros casting setting because they pick what is best for themselves. You will find out what is best for you.
China shipping is also unreliable and most packages come ruined.
Follow up. Follow through. Be #relentless. #success #relentless #success
I'm not going to Photoshop that even as a joke because I know someone will find it out of context and take it seriously.
Then feel free to link to that data rather than politico.
Probably the most rational way to look at this entire scenario - thanks for posting this my dude. That comment set me straight again.
WHEW that was quite a stretch lad. Gotta do some deep breathing to stretch that far.
Sure, its just that it was completely irrelevant to my reply
@hollloman @nessa_babbby @ajvannozzi97 As half a set of twins I resent that!
What evidence at all shows that [NAME] was an accomplice?
lol too real
Hahaha I was gonna put one of those but I couldn’t remember what they were
the worse part is you might be crazy yourself and have no idea!
@gdimelow @TheDailyShow @NivenJ1 @jordanklepper These interviews scare the crap out of me. I never imagined so many dumb, dumb Americans.
I don’t know, I think we all just blunder through.
Look on the bright side. I dont know what your bright side is but just look at it.
TIL that [NAME] is a guy.
Trolls are not even trying anymore. Im offended by this half arsed attempt to get a rise out of me..
I dont think thats too far off. There are 200k homes in most suburbs.
This is dumb. Why is Detroit Lions infiltrating here.
makes for an ~~interesting rewatch~~ good drinking game
Love evolves. Try and imagine life without her. I always see an abyss within me when I imagine that.
2 weeks! thats my dream!
Sorry guys, accidentally sold 10,000k
Yeah it is, I hate it so much, I wish I woke up earlier.
@Cardschatter now that the Bills have a new offense of Cordinator do you think it's more difficult for the @AZCardinals to  game plan?
Go see a therapist! Your hospital has them. Post traumatic events sometimes need therapy and that’s ok!
Great post, thanks for coming here and sharing.
[NAME] was pretty good too. Cuah was the best 10 tho
Hey its you again. Dude can you please say "N" so I can complete the task? My last request went unanswered sadly.
Every. Single. Time.
I like Kate spade
People still expecting that are delusional regardless tbh. Messed up they'll never say what happened to Half Life but time to start using some context clues herr
I'm curious about this film but honestly I don't think I can stomach listening to or looking at this a-hole for more than a couple of minutes.
A successful centralized ratings company?
Everyone was fine so I guess it’s okay
I miss my Shrek Ghrok :(
Such regulations may come from overwhelming pressure on local departments and grassroots pandemic control teams, afraid of staff shortages leading to chaos — so they make crude, blanket decisions. Our hospital, for instance, has sent hundreds of medical workers to different districts and has to rush-train new staff — the pressure is enormous.
I think he’s still around because [NAME] mentioned him in his latest video with [NAME]
She claimed I beat her, raped her, tortured, and abused her.
Eyebrow zits are the worst. I'd rather have a lip pimple than an eyebrow pimple. Also part of the fanclub for your eyes.
I would think preschoolers would be better at shitting than with sharing
@IMKristenBell @lauralittlelegs pine nut.... Chestnut....peanut....wait... Wrong film
So can [NAME]
/r/nocontextpics is the truegaming of pics
I don’t think he forgot. His weight just almost carried him off the sink...
I see. Thanks again.
I have actually watch drugs destroy an entire family 😢Mother's on skid row. Oldest daughter lost her child. Father is estranged. #horrific #horrific
at least you’re getting hit on
Waiting for it to get better as it’s been getting progressively, exponentially worse for 7+ yrs now
Rewatching 'Raising Hope' (with hubs this time) and totally forgot how hilarious it is 😂 #HereWeGo #herewego
We put Vaseline on our teeth and lips in theater so our lips wouldn't dry out or stick to our teeth from the lights lol
Sure but the news article with [NAME] vanishing has been there since the very beginning.
Would any gathering of the Knights of Ren count? Or would they have to officially organize a thing.
>YOUR STATEMENT I'm not that person.
Tbh as a [NAME] this sort of news make me happy.
I absolutely love that idea. I went on an anniversary trip with a couple once and it was amazing! We had so much fun.
Im having a lot of fun, please continue the show
A fellow [NAME] fan! 💗
@eachus At least he's willing to discuss, better than most. That and keep the insults light with occasional levity or creative BS-ing,
> Sure it might make the population 4:1 [RELIGION] but it's still an awefully large mibority The population already is 4:1 [RELIGION].
I've seen AOCs ridiculous proposals
“An expert casually claimed that 80% of Beijing has been infected. Even in high-density cities like Hong Kong or Singapore, during the first Omicron wave no one estimated over 50%.” Actually, just by looking at infection rates among your friends or Weibo contacts, it’s clear over 80% of Beijing has been infected. This isn’t surprising, and it’s not comparable to Hong Kong, Singapore, or even Tokyo.
I would love to see a sewing challenge with Manila in the mix.
Yeah, this is always my first thought when I read this kind of stuff, kinda sad to be honest
Well it doesn't matter anyway. Ignore compliments; they don't help you.
At first I thought that dude was shooting the guy between the cars :o
How did [NAME] just give that beatdown to Attach, the other player was so far away.
...and that's just the reaction to them introducing themselves
Just a friend, chill
Wow, I read that years ago, but I didn't realize it was about Narcs.
its petty revenge to a [NAME] who's too nice to commit to petty revenge
I measure from where the back of the balls are. It counts. Especially if you tend to go balls deep anyway. lol
Wow just watched Me Before You and it was seriously one of the most depressing movies of my life
🇿🇦has become a place where people even the most timid of us all are baying for blood around every corner.
Mom will get sad. [NAME] still good. Hanging out with friends still good. Money buying foodie exp is still good.
Damn youtube and outrage drama is super lucrative for reddit
Oh that’s actually seriously a relief, how do you know that though?
Your loss. [NAME] is an excellent chef, and all of his restaurants are amazing.
[NAME], this is your MLA, right? Dude *does* seem like a plug.
I believe so
Any AI controlled streak should just be banned from day 1, regardless of game. The fact that the pros haven't GAd them all blows my mind.
I'm saying [NAME] is the pretentious one, and that the original commenter's response to him is a perfect mockery of the asshole
I’ve made the same exact comment before It’s mind boggling
@ClaireBlair27 See, that's how you and Michelle are so cheery!
That’s pretty cool. Bet your dad is *vewy pwoud* he still has his accent!😂
@josephperson Cam is still rattled from the backlash he received when he made the black QB comment and suffered the wrath of White America.
They'll make them walk the plank. Granny will pirate!
But funny, and that absolves the sin!
It's Cursed Ryoma
[NAME] should worry you.
White people irritate me.
That’s because you’re not an elected official. Learn this one simple trick!
oh my gooooood
@EspionageLove -- stop any time soon, his body trembling in Kian's arms with relief, completely overwhelmed.
Well hopefully we’ll find out how hard her life was tonight ☺️
Call it whatever you want. I’m just clearing a meaning that many atheists aren’t aware of or don’t consider.
And any form of bottom up government is also extremely susceptible to corruption. Basically, humans suck.
[NAME], Thank you!
But they would fail without it, using your silly logic
He was off by 5 minutes, not impressed.
The most sense the internet has produced in a long time. [NAME] bless this dude.
She should not defend herself? Stop blaming both sides.
Hahahahaha. That's hilarious. Oops! Thanks for pointing out my typo. I think I'll leave it.
@APkrawczynski   Any possibly KG is being bought out as a player so that he can buy in from Glen as a minority owner?
And? That still doesn’t debate the fact that he’s all about the money?
When you stop making garbage takes, I'll stop correcting them
Your lost.
Trump supports reach another level of irritation within me
I like the mountain of health and guts thing about shugoki. Wouldn't mind if he get even more health
Women get pregnant. Women are weaker than men. Those things won’t disappear.
You bet, sweetie ;) But I date girls so don't get too excited <3
Market ≠ Capitalism Just because something operates within the Capitalist system doesn't make it Capitalist. Just because [NAME] was (supposedly) elected didn't make him democratic
I totally agree with you. Porn is unnatural and creates honorless cuckolds.
Takeover was great but the spectacle of the rumble match itself makes it more interesting for me. Same with MITB and elimination chamber.
What did it say? The mods on /r/rant deleted it.
Just don’t buy a sports car and you’ll be fine
How courageous of this man. He helped a distressed wild animal that can rip him to shreds. Good job sir.
I said that weeks ago
Good god there’s so many cheapskates here trying to justify it by insulting me! Pretty funny tbh
You won't have time for extra tasks. Anything extra u do will become ur daily routine.
>overt racism of that level would not be tolerated in America My thoughts also. That's why i needed context, its very VERY odd.
Playing the golden oldies eh?
Yeah, that teacher was a disaster. She got fired a year later for just being an all around idiot.
Occupation badges are dumb and I’m sad they made the transition to OCP.
Good for you, [NAME]! You deserved a nice drink to end a year where you made an impact in peoples lives! Cheers!
They've just closed.
@narendramodi @AmitShahOffice @OfficeOfRG @arunjaitley all the politicl prties lv n care fr ppl whn in opstn.  #AmarnathTerrorAttack #amarnathterrorattack
You deserve this
Reminds me of this classic
No one below listens—they’d rather forbid all travel to keep their hats safe.
I almost didn’t get that until I heard her voice
Whoops yeah my bad And no just from the pictures ive seen there were just u opened sauce packets arranged on platters
That's exactly what I thought too!!!!
Obviously, it was a humorous comment. But I'm pretty sure I can guess what you voted :P
You have too many background processes running then. This shouldn't give you a single more frame on proper setups, think about removing some stuff.
Only in my foot.
My favorite calm BGs are [NAME] and [NAME] :)
@DatelineNBC this is a sight, sound &amp; smell to behold in person--still gives me the creeps to think about. #shudder #shudder
>the satisfaction of knowing how bent out of shape you're getting What a sad existence.
Terrible... children are innocent and precious. This is so barbaric.
@MHChat #mhchat Childhood experiences inform adult relationships. We have associative memories Not a question of ability to process #sadness #mhchat #sadness
Why does having anxiety drain some much of your energy #anxiety #sotired #needtosleepforhours #anxiety #sotired #needtosleepforhours
Annoyed with @TripAdvisorUK bullying me to download an app that eats my phone memory. Will seek alternative from now.  #tripadvisor #tripadvisor
FRIENDSHIP WITH [NAME] OVER. [NAME] IS NEW BEST FRIEND.
#ukedchat A4 Just go outside (or to the gym hall) and play! \n#education #playful #learning #ukedchat #playful #learning
That was worse than a movie jump scare. I don't know why but giant squid feel more fearsome than sharks.
What a good bear c:
So obvious you got downvoted 40 times, ok!
I’m more sorry that there are actual [NAME] fans...
I know logically that I haven't gained real weight but overeating both weekend days makes me feel like I have. I drive me crazy sometimes.
All I see is a missed opportunity to pet a wolf tummy.
I love how debt can now fully destroy hum after this move
Damn, sorry to hear that. Hopefully the right gig will come along!
SKYRIM!! Hahaha
Invite expired.
I’m just waiting for the right director to actualize this subversion of our expectations.
Yeah cheers. Hoping it's gonna be better. Happy early new year to you too.
Glad we cleared this up
Hey, your hair looks great! As a fellow curly girl I'm just wondering what your routine looks like?
Hell's Kitchen. I bet that man could make [NAME] cry.
Considering the fact that I don't consider jealousy or envy useful, you are dead wrong. It might be other people but not me.
Wow can relationships be like this? That's amazing
Underrated comment 🤣
Truth never changes. Maybe it's questionable to you, but...
[NAME] looks so fed up with this game. He's going to scream at the whole team after the game.
That rain bit was hilarious.
@airvistara as always it was indeed a wonderful experience flying with you guys today #bestinbusiness #delight #happyme #bestinbusiness #delight #happyme
>Oldest stepchild’s dad is a POS and has never seen him. She can file for support at any time.
I haven't seen a single [NAME] article. But there have been a few [NAME] articles around recently.
That's why it's only 20$
Also, popcorn can't build ladders. At least, I don't think so...
So incredibly sweet!
I've not- I'll have to put it on my watchlist.
Well said, hope more and more people continue realize this and discover/take-back their power!
his traps hide the fucking sun.
Had to stick my fist in my mouth in bed lmao
Good timing with the two breweries having just opened up. Gotta check them out when I'm in that neck of the woods again.
He saw blood and said,  "Mommy!
I waited 15 days for this joke, I'm so proud of this community.
Sad but true lol
I'm soooo annoyed. Wait to start my morning.
@GuardianAus @guardian because there is a realistic probability that a clown might be their next president. #clown #uspol #nightmare #clown #uspol #nightmare
Meanwhile, the so-called M’s fans sit there knitting or sleeping not sure which but they certainly aren’t cheering like the other teams fans
Yeah I just googled that, I still wouldn't call them my favourite restaurant but its cheap!
I really like [NAME] and [NAME] on the court together
yeah see some of us come from youtube it's a horrible place never go there
I have friends who drove from interior Alaska to Arizona in less than 48 hours... It's possible.
Just got home from school. How are we doing
Get help.
Thanks for the hot take, /u/cumosaurusgaysex
“Perhaps we could share a tray of twinkies together? You’d love that, *wouldn’t you*?”
Don’t waste money on guns, you’ll be given all the best guns in the story
Online gaming is toxic. If those cuts were ever tapped, there would be lots of people in jail.
I ALWAYS notice how [NAME] used latex gloves now
This is amazing OP. Don't care if it's OC or not. This shit had me dying
Unemployment was also significantly higher at the end of Old Labours tenure than at the beginning. Yet nobody remembers that.
He reads books!! 😡😡 he must be pretending to be smartt!!
@PAULROVlA the first resulted in me angrily sobbing and ranting about finnick in the cinema
Lmao that’s actually pretty good.
Mayor visits downtrodden part o town in brave PR stunt. More at eleven.
#welfarereform should not be a 'model' for #snap. #welfarereform #snap
Don’t say his name!!
Thanks. I desperately need to connect with other women.
Love that he obviously went out there to do weird sweeping strokes in the snow. Those look super effective
Demented feminist ad Literally is just ad saying don’t be a scumbag k
Thats too funny
Bad defensive move by [NAME] there
Fuck I laughed at this post :D You better stick to your words and make sure to Tag every BF:V Dev.
Poor and lonely.
My brain is exploding!
Oh come on! Stop posting this stuff. FFS will you think of my blood pressure!? You’re killing me (figuratively speaking).
5,280 homie.
banned from the show floor - second sentence. It’s in all the sources I’ve come across.
I studied hard all term and got 100. Another skipped class, skimmed notes a week before, scored 85. Effort helps, but overall, talent seems to matter more.
Now she’s going to find corn in her panties for the foreseeable future. Poor planning! Tehe...creamed corn....
I love how his armor got bigger and bigger as he got progressively fatter.
Ugh...terrible.
“Huurr duuur I was only pretending to be retarded trolled hard drumpftard”
Seriously?
I now live in the Mediterranean, which is nice.
Life Hack Attack has become Attack Everyone's Life and Hack. I love it.
Why people talk about their prior sex lives is beyond me. There is no upside to doing that, and plenty of downside.
Didn’t see any relatives this year—spent New Year alone, so free and comfy! No awkward gatherings, no forced drinks, no endless small talk or snacks—pure peace.
I honestly don't know but the more attention something gets the less it gets ignored
I mean this in the least creepy way possible, tell me how it works out NO DETAILS PLEASE GOD NO
Chances of competing again are slim. Sun Yang was likely wronged, but the way he handled it wasn’t ideal... Yao Ming’s emotional intelligence in such cases is exemplary...
I wish I would get dm’ed by famous people :(
Amazing. The perfect words for it
Trade up for Haskins. If that doesn't happen give me Greedy.
alarms are kinda rude.
@Nxrthstxr I think it's the daunting fact of the typical offer being those grades. Even though it's been proven not to be the case exactly
I AM CALLING THE POLICE
Me too!!!
Only bet on games you like. Sometimes go a couple days without action. Betting just for the sake of staking something is never smart.
Sorry [NAME] is our best friend now
Lmao he did that at the concert i went to and said that it was the first time hes ever seen it
Damnit--good point.
[NAME] lost her guitar canonically
@madhav_pastey moral of the story, never check mails in the night. PS. Most notices have nothing much to worry about. @ashwinikn
Not big on switching teams yet here ya are switching teams
Thats the high life of empowerment.
How on earth can the projection of all that is good and happy and true in my soul be a poisonous fucking snake? #patronus #adder  #patronus #adder
My mom is attractive. My dad is ugly. I look like my dad. My bro looks like my mom infact he is a chad
I mean hard to get If you don't have These mental problems, I got some from a friend and they are very useful to stop trips
I do! (Sorry this comment just showed up for some reason)
Well that escalated quickly.
Go to switzerland, they'll give it to you. EDIT: Sorry, thought you meant sodium-pentobarbital.
Disgusting performance. [NAME] appears clueless.
"You're going to die.
because it’s funny
Everyone's probs already said it, but lats and chest, legs are big quad energy. Keep up the good work
Might as well give Baron [NAME] a shot. He stepped aside for [NAME], he probably deserves a real shot now.
Lord, he is extra sensitive. And I thought my ex was bad lol.
Hahaha I know this one, thank you SORTED boys!
OP, this is the definition of manipulation. Ignore it, I promise it’ll be better for you in the long run.
They'd probably need to take nutrients by IV until their organs are working normally again. But yes it should be possible to save a starving person
This is the @Fender #blues #junior. I'm looking forward to play on it as soon as possible. #guitar #guitarrist #music #blues #junior #guitar #guitarrist #music
These refs are [NAME] awful. Find a new job
You should definitely stop using to meet men!
Imagine thinking this comment was ok to post. Shame on you.
Lmao I’m so sorry but yet intrigued as to how it contributed to your breakup?
Oh god I thought he career was long over
wow! thats... a lot of water my dude was your bladder ok
Seriously, I’ve never had rendering problems (External SSD) until now... Not even on the PTR
My.. friend.. wants him to upload it, if he did!
Holy shit this speaks to me.
If that were my car the spare would be flat too, so at least you've got that going for ya.
Are you confessing to not being able to understand what this sub is about?
Wouldn't mind if it is [NAME]. Girl's got fire.
half of my heart, pulled out of my chest and sat in front of me, stretched out to a thin quiet man with a buzz cut and old black sweater that smells like clean dirt and cheap beer.
Hi [NAME], I love you, that is all. Can't wait to see you in Worcester in February!
What about freedom to dress? Isn’t this discrimination against women’s clothing choices? And honestly, her outfit’s fine!
Sure, they can help nurse [NAME] back to health.
I'm sorry I watched that
Go to the police. Get a restraining order. That is not okay.
And mine?
[NAME] loves (the taste of) people
Life is precious? Then how come you shot [NAME], huh?
Just a reminder that back in 1918, the Republicans were still the liberal party, and the [NAME] were the racists.
Yea feel sad for that kid, that native guy is an anti [NAME] activist who destroyed his life
I don’t see the problem
What a handsome guy, anybody know what breed that is?
The amount of actual debating about who is "best girl" is fucking ridiculous Jeez, y'all need to chill
Nice try Lumi
The LORD your God is in your midst—a warrior bringing victory. He will create calm with his love; he will rejoice over you with singing.
Happy just came out
That's great! You got this!
Thanks for being a brave troop, comrade. [NAME] annoys the shit out of me too.
I love taking my girlfriend to Victorias Secret, we shop together, and the whole experience is a kind of foreplay. I highly suggest that route.
Morality whilst trying not to destroy their future clients trust.
Haha it could be! As much as I love supporting small, local grocers they tend to inflate the price on specialty products.
I like it. I hope that answer is okay with you because I might lose sleep if it's not
OMG what??? ...[NAME] actually showed up for a gig without cancelling with a terrible excuse?
I immediately pulled over and tried to grab him but he ran past me.
I keep feeling the heaviness on my left hand and look down and I am in awe every single time 😍💍 #notusedtoit #imafiancée #wut #notusedtoit #imafiancée #wut
[NAME] was not aware that I had managed to diss the entire New Labour legacy in so few words but you read what you want to... hun?
Look up the paradox of tolerance and stop crying. Crytpo does not need a hack like JP, no matter what all the incels in the world think.
@AMB4JC @drtonyevans It's our job, the job of people who r still sane,still ok in life, to help the lost to find themselves &amp; love eachother
Sure, as long as you don't ask me what would happen if I got stranded on an island.
giving great [NAME] vibes
Thanks for choosing to immunize. That said, I wish DSHS had taken away your children while you were putting them and others at risk.
It was on a washed out road in the at 2am. Which makes it even worse. They never should have been towing that vic.
Damn, you just reminded me how good that feels...
I’m not going to be a scared wizard and call him he who must not be named
The guy with the camo comment is correct. r/woosh
@6itmap I can't help but feel melancholic!
I have trophy jeans and a trophy bra! Although RIP my boobs because they were the one thing I liked about my body back then :)
Congrats! Glad it went well for you!
Unsurprisingly our closest competitors will try to capitalise as we stumble. Good luck to them, we have brought this on ourselves.
Yeah [NAME] is actually really cute and nice but best boi and best girl goes to [NAME] and [NAME]. Just kidding. [NAME] all the way
There's the room for [NAME].
Awesome ! That will be worth multitudes one day for certain. And such a classy gentleman, [NAME] is the best in NHL
Divide and conquer my friend. "X's news is stupid and Y's is better". Hello, they are owned by the same people.
Sounds like a standard room and board agreement. Nothing communist about that at all.
Who are you referring to?
As an [NAME] I just want you to know that I appreciate you.
I wish I could’ve had that kind of relationship with my mother.
I wish everything the I was going through was a hallucination
Sometimes I literally need to shut myself in a quiet room so I can think.
Illegal workers have no rights, no recourse to the law in the face of mistreatment. Abusive employers like that.
Nice to see a rare court case involving a meta-human.
i think it is characteristic for la liga, in germany that would be atleast +3
Reminds me [NAME] club idea eclipse. Only open 2hrs once a year. $5000 cover charge.
Im so glad I grew up killing infants at hospitals instead of being on my nokia
This is amazingly unsatisfying.
I agree. That is a fight better left for later.
It's actually remarkable how universally disliked [NAME] is as a commentator in the community but he still commentates at practically every big melee tournament
you're misinformed
Yes, that is correct. I knew what you meant though:)
I love seeing satan... I mean saban upset
It wasn't any better 10 years ago if that offers any sense of relief.
I guffawed! Error! Multikill! Now I have to manxplain cryptocurrency again to my wife sitting next to me.
Be good-looking.
[NAME] apologized to [NAME] and [NAME] about his comments. I don’t see the “I got hacked” comment.
I'm new to polyamory so idk if that's "normal" but man it sounds pretty delightful.
Wow, amazing job, Mr. [NAME]! Another liberal absolutely DESTROYED with facts and logic! So eloquent and wise...
[NAME] as if he wouldn't just cut the bullet in half
If you saw this pizza you'd have disagreed. Would have caused [NAME] to faint
Random tips worth hundreds of thousands — six years, over a hundred million! Must sue to the top court for hope.
You can vote for whomever you want even in the general. It's called a write-in.
Gotta offload this crap somehow.
Yes of mine worry, no one liked mine either.
Strong focus on what the subreddit wants
I fall under left wing, so yup, I'm a soy boy.
Wasn’t there a video of the exact same dude kicking down a fucking tree????
prisoner of the moment but that’s my favorite Jok pass ever. Degree of difficulty was nuts.
There is no quick fix to controlling it better. For pwBPD it tends to require a lot of therapy, often DBT.
*Unfortunately that’s the world we live in now* [NAME]. [NAME] women ruining everything.
What was the fastest you were ever going over the speed limit when you got it dismissed? I’m most likely going to go with Sullo also
This is disturbing.
[NAME] is a fantastic player, but would he be a regular starter over at Juve? He needs to stay at Arsenal.
I'LL MAKE SURE THAT YOU CAN NEVER POST ON REDDIT AGAIN! I AM THE ENBODIMENT LF r/iamverybadass
i’m so glad you’re doing good now! have a great new year and keep pushing on my guy!
You sound upset. Maybe take a break, kiddo. Everyone knows [NAME] wouldn't answer the bell anyhow. Just proved it.
This is scary.
I agree. She's a terrible model. I tried to get on board with her, but all her editorials in Vogue were so flat.
Why is it when you nap during the day you are so comfortable but sleeping at night you'll never be as comfortable
I'm moving to the UK in 2 weeks. This terrifies me.
[NAME]: I have a plan. Me: You’ve always got a damn plan ̶D̶u̶t̶c̶h̶ [NAME].
Let’s gooooo WHI
Good lad!
I'll check that out. Thank you!!
it sounds like a huge pain in the ass to use compared to current systems in place though.
is [NAME] coming back?
I'm glad you called it because it really is a beautiful and beautifully honest statement.
Good to know the obsessive thinking is because of them... I’ve felt like it was just me ha. Thank you 🙏
I'll miss [NAME]
I think you mean the announcement
Just watch everyone we are somehow gonna mess up this draft pick down the stretch with pointless wins too
3:08am and my laughter has now turned into wheezing sobs
I'm strange as fuck, and I didn't grow up with money.
@suddenlyapples This is an on-going affliction for me and the only cure is more Shiro
> It's crazy you don't understand this. i r o n y
And everyone will cheer for [NAME]
That thigh gap not cute at all
@Bungie spent over 2 fucking hours and still can't get that dam SIVA fragment on Fellwinters peak mountain
as long as the tracking shows delivered, it's not your responsibility what happens to it after that
Good answer -- thanks!
Why do some people use tbh after everything
[NAME] an Angel now. ⭐️
Follow me on Snapchat 👻 Carlabtst15 #snapchat #snap #snapchat #snap
She was rude to our photographer, she was rude to a few guests, and to us.
I'm not a gamer but I always feel bad if I kill an ant or some other bug like that for no reason :( instant regret
Yup, even if they had a very rough life... Nobody ages thaaaaaat badly.
There will be no #gaming video today. An old friend of mine passed last night, so I'm taking some time to grieve. Thank you #StandUpToCancer #gaming #standuptocancer
You got me. Now gimme the downvotes I DESERVED
[NAME] looks veeeery nervous
Many people test positive on antigen tests but don’t report — they just isolate and treat themselves at home.
You too. Glad to hear your respectful voice again
If [NAME] loses I’ll break my phone, [NAME] is fighting like wilder what the fuck is this comeback
It’s fine, just buy a few more new songs — listen to them while practicing skateboarding, you’ll be awesome. 12/30 at 12:00.
But, it fits my head.
You've described my parents who have been happily married for 36 years. You are good dude.
Those fake “masters” pretending to be divine are utterly detestable — glad they were brought to justice! A fine ending indeed, though it almost makes us forget: incompetent parents seem to have invisibility powers! The fact that parenting requires no exam — ironic, isn’t it?
[NAME] on a pretzel. That is just...fucked up. Those comments are absolutely...I can’t think of anything awful enough to describe them.
About fucking time ordering ASAP
I would see a doctor asap and get to a psychiatrist. Hallucinations of any kind are worrisome.
What exactly was exposed? Are you just saying things to feel like you’ve achieved something?
Yeah I tried to apply but with being partially excepted I think it would be hard to be a sub
Don’t use imgur It’s an atrocious website
Ignoring the refs for a second, [NAME] defense always does well against us
“What about people who mow down pedestrians in the streets” Key word THEIR OWN BODIES. An unborn child is a child a separate being.
[NAME] is my daddddyyy!!!! And I can’t be on this planet without her/him!!!!!
Couldn’t find my wallet for the last 4 days. This also happens to be an awesome way to not spend any money.
Never thought I'd see the day lethbridge got onto SRD!
I'll continue to be dumb for supporting a company I like. Thanks for your input poor.
Remember, we created gods in our image.
Aw man this isn't bad, and they're so proud of it. I could imagine them selling a variety of these, people love quirky jewelry.
If [NAME] inferior pinning move can pierce hyper armour why can't my man Glad.
[NAME] is a brilliant player. Glad to see him get more time.
Ohhh I didn't catch that :P
Lol not your picture mate
I love these blobs, would have done the same thing
Waking up covered in blood is terrifying but thankfully it was just a nosebleed
Stop spraying chemicals daily in the sky.
Are we sure this isn't the beaverton?
The original Halloween movie is still the scariest film I have ever seen. Being chased by [NAME] in this game is terrifying.
next time offer dude a hit of your weed, ive been waiting for that to happen to me
Weird, Tuxedo Mask looks shorter and pudgier than I pictured him to be
Nice, but everyone deserves the best.
🙄 I just want to start all over again .
You are not a slave to your parents. You worship them by serving them. Otherwise you are a slave to [NAME].
You keep commenting on this and that — did you even take leave? If it’s really inappropriate, punish this county head publicly and see who still dares. Honestly, it’s just playing good cop, bad cop.
Imagine what could've happened if you saw the longer director's cut!
I will not being awkward if I am being myself but I just scared
nah [NAME] ditto is a bad idea. Unless the marth is really bad he's gonna get 4 stocked quick
Red, Green, Blue. It's like a Christmas tree Edit: lol
I will always love [NAME] as a kid not knowing any other qb, but will always be bitter with him leaving.
Brave soul.
Best horror Comedy movie of 2017 #AnandoBrahma @taapsee #SrinivasReddy . In 2nd half I got throat pain #toomuch #laughs #anandobrahma #srinivasreddy #toomuch #laughs
1-2-3-4 I declare a thumb war! Dangit [NAME], you win again! Ok you get to stab me again :(
Is this an /r/antijokes ?
This is objectively wrong, what the actual fuck lol.
Your 'brother' had texted alot of girls and ended up on in Internet many times then, what a celebrity! Did everyone clap as well?
There is also no dog in the white house. Why? Because dogs can smell an asshole a mile away.
Thanks ... its just to continue same and grow 😉
We'll try this... I love you man. Whoever you are I know you're good. Most of us are.
I am sorry for making fun of your username, I sincerely apologize.
I didn't even know this existed! Thank you kindly!!
Maybe 5-10 games in the g league would help knock some rust off?
Half of Epicenter is shut down its police all over y'all I just burst out in tears this is fucking terrible #KeithLamontScott #keithlamontscott
Fam what seems more fun for a photo booth: being able to instantly post to Twitter or having to wait till sober to see the hot mess
I took a picture of a farmer treating his crops with roundup yesterday.. it was horrifying
Really glad the US just passed transparent pricing for healthcare providers, but it's just a first step.
Do you have any hobbies? Potential hobbies that you're interested in?
There are two different accounts doing this shit atm. Go to r/delusionalartists and sort by new. These guys are being douchebags.
Bali this year
im sorry for your loss. your aunts behavior is disgusting. dont give her anything.
These 2 are repulsive little kids
Meaning of life is to work 8h + a day and then convert your lifetime in coins you can spend on useless shit.
Don’t indulge OP’s master hacker fantasy
[NAME] ran out of her way to butt into the conversation with [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] . I can't stand [NAME]
[NAME] a good guy who hosts leagues full of people who want to have fun. Check it out!
Believe you me. TLJ is much, much worse.
Life is too short to be jealous, hating, keeping up mess, and worrying about things that do not concern you.
Probably when they fired their cartoonist a few months ago for having the wrong opinions.
oh hi blue
If this team could make there wide open shots, we could win some games. Its unbelievable how many open shots we miss.
Where about sis this it’s gorgeous. I’d love to have a piece of property with a creek. That’s my dream.
This sum GTA 5 type shit right here.
This seems like a colossally unimportant thing to sign a petition over.
Yes, and I looooooove it 😂😂
Wait. That’s illegal.
I hope your daughter gets the help she needs and someday gets better.
[NAME] will definitely turn to the dark side at the end of IX. This will leave fans on the edge for another 30 years before X.
Great tip, thanks for this. Always just assumed I either used print screen, or the snip tool for copying specific things on screen.
These are the guys who eventually shoot up banks and hide 13 year olds under their beds.
EB GAMES STILL EXIST there?
Is it just me or does it seem like she should have been able to get away with a couple scraped knees without the concussion
Noted thank you.
Indian/East Asian?
This is stupid
She's so cute! Give her all the huggles
Chaaaandler BING! OHHH MYYY GAWDDD!
John 3:16? What are you on about? Edit: also if this is the case then why is literally every genealogy in the Torah by father?
Thanks, I had missed that. Just read this article today.
He may be embarrassed about the condition of their house.
Round 2  #pcola #pcola
That’s exactly what I was thinking but doesn’t it sound super cool?!?
will i ever get the nerve to quit the restaurant ??? find out tonite on glee!
@Langston_Hunter Yeah bro it eas hella exhilarating
Lmao That’s a blatant lie, ~1000 people were killed by American cops last year compared to 52 cops killed by civilians
The ad slogan and cover were problematic — “I’ve drunk it since childhood” with a big-chested model in a suggestive pose. What double meaning are they implying?
See? Your mind is great! You think like [NAME]. And that's pretty cool. He's a dang genious. :)
I must've missed them. Looking again but if you have a moment can you link it?
Used to be the November curse!
[NAME] I wish you *were* silent
LPT: Make sure your chickens aren't pink anywhere by just chucking them in a 1000° oven
A @FirstBSA not turning up? Why am I not surprised. Late for work again!
Can you apply to some kind of help within your university? Sorry this is happening to you.
I can't wait to see what us skilled workers get. Thanks government for telling businesses how to run and wrangle unskilled workers with no ambition.
Had a great time playing overwatch, but only *some* of us were getting too drunk for everyone's entertainment >.>
Holy crap, what happened to that guy?
Exactly. How that woman has survived two no confidence votes amazes me.
Idk how to use any.... the 5th one looks scary
Nah, a lot of the USCG bashing is legit, not jokes. So, SO many people legitimately think they literally aren't even military.
Wow, thanks whoever did the silver❣ put a ray of sunshine into an otherwise cloudy day!
I love Caribbean food! I'm adding this one to my list.
100% yes. My sister's ex is an actual monster but my niece still sees his family.
Are you #serious that #fredsirieix lives in Peckham......South London's own #Love Guru(big up) #serious #fredsirieix #love
But you do know it, so that's good
I imagine myself now, lying on the bed with that skipping rope tied around my neck.
It actually depends. Do you have PCOS? Because if you do, then that would explain the change as well.
Jixi, Heilongjiang still enforces blanket isolation—criticized by CCTV last year, yet still doing it this year.
Large weight fluctuations + a baby have caused my body to look cute in clothes -- Not so cute without them.
Had to scream my lungs out while the guy just let the crowd pass my bag to me, a bag which got passed all the way to the other side, before I finally managed to get my hands on to the neon orange carrier which had my Phone, Camera, Hard Drive, Wallet, and Keys.In the end had to change without bathing in a smelly toilet at Temasek Poly, before bidding Boon Goodbye on the phone whilst complaining about the event.
i want to see more [NAME] backcourt action. I don't wanna see [NAME] shooting right now.
Never take advice from someone named "poor judgement"
Sejejs says Cibulskis missed time in 3rd period due to an injury. Wouldn't comment on how serious it is. Apparently not a doctor.
I'm not sure I have heard of this. Really interesting.
Beautiful part of the world. Heading back up in a few weeks once the snow finally settled!
I do not, sorry! I am not talented in the ways of making/editing videos.
Thanks love <3
Morning all! Of course it is sunny on this Monday morning to cheerfully welcome us back to work.:)
I’m seeing a doctor tomorrow. Thanks for caring
Oh geez.
That's what this seems to be saying unless something was lost in translation
Wait... dogs can’t use ladders!
That was my first thought too 😂
If your weed is decent you don't need tobacco to help it burn, and tobacco is addictive
@RJAH_NHS @ChrisHudson76 @mbrandreth #course day # potential Leadership #excited #nervous # proud #course #excited #nervous
I was so wrapping up in the boy in my arms.
I believe that you can search for providers here. Good luck and good on ya.
No the limiting factor is the leader raped a young boy and paid his silence
Seeing #RIPShawtyLo got me thinking bout other rappers then I thought about @LilTunechi dying, and burst into tears... Smh #ripshawtylo
I live in east bay but go to Merced to visit my family sometimes but never dashed there. Are you saying that orders are practically nonexistent in Merced?
My goodness I didn't even know this existed. This is my first time seeing something like this. Pretty cool stuff.
@MailSport Stunningly bad #horrible #horrible
Sometimes it even feels pathetic which I know I should be trying not to be so hard on myself but, yknow, evidence is hard to ignore
So this is what edging feels like
now you're getting it
Checking in from section 11. Ready for a good ol fashioned ass whoopin.
Aww I love it, she looks really cute with short hair!
This doesn't make any sense!!!
Pickeks are nice idk how many calories I eat day to day lol
Thanks for posting this. I'm going through the exact same but I wasn't gonna post anything about it.
No I don’t, why can’t you bring your hand to do it?
I just heal and when we start to do bad day its my fault taking blame off of our flanks and frontlines
plus what if something went missing? even if they didn't steal anything it would be an awkward moment.
@TeaPainUSA He's creating tomorrow's headline. #dontgetdistracted #RussianCollusion #Partofhisplan  #TrumpRussia #ImpeachOrResign #dontgetdistracted #russiancollusion #partofhisplan #trumprussia #impeachorresign
Bay Area, sorry ;D
Omg lol at least now you Will be more careful before throwing out words like that. I would die.
If they are [NAME] supporters who are now reaping what they sowed, the laughing is appropriate.
oh, so he is insane?
Cheers, guys! We are never drinking alone when we are here! But in person, I love drinking alone.
The cruelest people in the room are a pack of gormless dullards. It's the banality of evil for the 21st century.
Ok. This is freaking awesome! Good job.
Yeah, [NAME] was doing a fly by at the top of the net and [NAME] stuck his head out...
Ehhh he got played so hard on the [NAME] vs [NAME] situation in 2017. Lost credibility after that for me
Woke by #nightmare @ 3AM, couldn't sleep any more, so took a #UseAllTheHotWaterShower. Now I have time to read. #nightmare #useallthehotwatershower
All industries and products don’t need foreign capital. Platforms like Taobao direct sales are mostly funded by Japanese and American shareholders — this is serious fraudulent invasion… They must be thoroughly rectified and cleansed! Gambling, drugs, and pornographic games must all be banned.
Oh I (and he) did not realize that. I’ll correct him the next time I see him.
Dropped my phone in the sink earlier.No sound, but everythin else works.Prepared myself for life without music until I put my earphones in
Fun fact: There are only 2,208 billionaires in the world
I don't even wear a shirt in the day around the house. Way too hot.
Its a bit weird of them to recommend you a song by The Strokes after they told you their offer
It happens so much that it really scares me tbh.
not surprised it’s too challenging for you to read
That's not it, the game (sigil is a derivative if scrapheap challenge. Thanks for the suggestion I appreciate the suggestion though.
This moment always reminded me of being a kid and turning on Nickelodeon only to find Nick News with [NAME]. Ultimate disappointment.
In fact I plan to start using them in my videos since I plan to make this year feel like 2009.
I know. And it's very selfish of me to say, but I just wish it was different people that cared.
Yes I was feeling bad that hes friends left him
I think we should, he is one of the best centers in the game
Glad you're at least out of bed. Progress!
these grown ass lil boys yeah i can't take them serious.
I have seen the sr71 at smithsonian this thing was bigger.
Watch less news, see fewer updates — you can live normally even under lockdown. Reduce negativity, do what you need to do. Everyone just manage yourselves; it’ll be lifted soon.
I'm more worried about him scamming children than "oNLY" scamming them into thinking they'll get $100.
That was straight up reckless
To my knowledge, Blizzard doesn't have problem with ppl having more than one account.
There to busy guzzling down Russian propoganda , to enact a final solution on tmor.
Thanks ! so need to try a donair sounds amazing
Hey, keep us updated
You know when you're just slightly high, the state between sober and high af? That's beautiful. I wish I could feel like that 24/7.
“Love” under threat of execution. Wow.
Adjust grip, change how you aim, and don’t worry about it.
[NAME] is there anything more depressing than being in a leafs gdt when the leafs are losing.
Oh, lol, no, I was asserting that you are being racist and have prejudices. That was a funny one, lol.
That's because real anarchism is anti-capitalist, shove a knife up your urethra nerd.
Happy that we played tgt as a team once. Thought there would be another chance out there but sadly no. Rest In Peace my dear friend. :(
Happens way too often
So many questions unanswered. Poor guy.
#India is sponsoring terrorism in #Balochistan. #KulbhushanYadav an Indian spy agent was arrested in Balochistan by Pakistani forces. #india #balochistan #kulbhushanyadav
I feel the same way! It just doesn’t get better for some of us, I’m sick of hearing that it gets better.
Still no contest
This is a very cool option!
Um. Not sure what your point is here. Especially with that last paragraph...
PARENTS: VACCINATE YOUR FUCKING KIDS OR THE NEXT NAP THEY TAKE WILL BE IN A COFFIN OMFG
They went to game 7 of the Conference finals last year. Probably would of won if [NAME] didn’t get hurt.
That might be [NAME] excuse to eliminate her. In a very [NAME] way
[NAME], get in here.
TIL iguanas can be pretty cute
IDC predicts that by 2020 the term cloud will no longer be used...'\n\nIT Managers and Administrators everywhere will rejoice.
This didn’t age well
Scotland the brave. Highland cathedral. My love is like a red red rose. Flower of Scotland.
They weren’t even that good mostly don’t @ me
Well he was horrible the first few months. Now he's playing better. Not sure what you are trying to accomplish with this post
Mermaids don't exist.
Sorry, I mean that closing the carried interest loophole would raise $18 billion over ten years according to the NY Times. I mistyped.
I love this and him. What a good dude.
But if I had a right to it as a member of society then I have committed no wrong.
That is absolutely terrifying to me. Oh my god. The idea that she was trapped as a toddler her entire life is just... wow.
A RACK ON IT YEEEEEE GONNA LIVE BET THAT SHIT AND SECOND HALF 3K let’s goooo
Less of “It’s my baby too” and more of “it’s an innocent living being and you want to murder it”.
It maybe possible she doesn't have a lore video to explain though so It may or not maybe true but I believe it is
No @Chrishilly1987 for MOS 😡  #shocking Leads from the front 💪🏻 #shocking
He looks 10 years younger since leaving Old Trafford.
Ah yes. I remember we began with three.
Does us releasing him not affect this number at all?
That's one of the only times I've ever felt bad for [NAME]. He was relentless and would not let it go!
This! :-)
Modern example about [NAME]' genocide against [NAME]. Mosques burned, civilians murdered in a mass etc etc
You’re thinking agnosticism, atheism is a faith based position
Good. They can afford it.
Many short buildings in the photo look close to Canton Tower — does Guangzhou have old town protection policies banning high-rises?
That last paragraph before the edit lmao. So fake it hurts.
I love those moments where [NAME] finds a teammate opens and whips the ball at them but our guys are tuned out and don't expect it.
As someone named [NAME], I welcome him to Dallas Gang
Mid game? I was worried it would happen to me except reverse. Hold out on this contract for another hour haha
No. Foreigners are not allowed to preach [RELIGION] to [NAME]. Maybe not explicitly . Also They restrict donations from abroad Not just people.
That's why it would be amazing if [NAME] or [NAME] pull a Helsinki 2.0 and release a bombshell right before the president's speech tonight.
Is this the track that’s just [NAME] cat meowing but slowed down? My memory is failing me
America will lose. You are mentally-deranged and the enemy.
Swear all of my guy friends are scaredy cats. You don't do horror movies. You don't do haunted houses. Wtf do you do then?
Simultaneously terrible and awesome facial hair.
Bagel Bites?! Blashphemous! Pizza rolls or die. (All joking aside, welcome! And Bagel Bites are freaking delicious)
Crap, crap, mega crap!
You are forgetting driving. Somehow the law is full of examples of this double standard.
Whats your height and weight out of curiosity?
This. I relate to this. So much. Almost too much.
We can agree this season is ♾ times better than AS3?
I was wondering what that was!
Unbelievable — first time I’ve heard of paying compensation through crowdfunding. Are you exploiting people’s sympathy? Are you even human?
Hm, my info may be out of date. It would be cool to see them manage good mobile support for MTG!
Please LivePD, we have less than 20 minutes left, let's not spend them wandering through the darkness in Mission.
Damn right.
I used ODesk to pay ppl overseas to do all my college coursework. I coasted!!!
Sorry I meant the participants
Lord [NAME] called, he wants his style back
You credit yourself with acheivment you do not deserve. Not a first and defenitely wont be the last time.
Sad, but American
Good meme, nice meme
I love the neck movement at the end 😂
Clear lake is really nice (I’ve lived there for 5 years) and I’ve heard clear lake school district treats their teachers well.
Ah okay, I see! Thanks for the clarification.
oh shitttt. it’s upside down
Welcome home, heroes. Thank you for bringing us safety and peace — we will always remember you.
Pikachu shocked.jpg I hope we give him a fair chance and he succeeds
Good thing they were all about to jump when it happened. Do you know what happened to the pilots?
Termination rate is at 22.22% I gotta make some things shake
Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything
Should’ve dumped coke all over her right after the movie, and make a run for it. Fk pettiness
Well the left wants to defend [RELIGION]. Good, now that they’re on your side of the table. Own it, or denounce it
I'd be ok with [NAME] if it guaranteed we were firing [NAME]
I do crazy’ I love to clean man. Just have fun. Or at least try.
I love this passive aggressiveness!!
Where on earth do you live that newborn non drug exposed babies up for adoption end up in the foster system? Sounds pretty optimistic on her part.
You can't demand historical accuracy 'at all' then. It's logical fallacy.
Auch, that's gotta hurt...
[NAME] is a murderer,a psychopath and he wants just to kill him
Very happy with this !
Date me and fix me. Then date someone who shares my inability to cheat. There's gotta be someone like me out there.
...it's almost like an uber individualistic fringe political ideology does not inspire communal teamwork political action lmao.
I already like the game. I don't to make the wins gimmicky for the game to be fun.
I went into the closet to investigate and found nothing... /chills
I feel you girl
I seriously miss #ahsaftershow with @trixiemattel and @TheRealEdHansen. I need to talk about the mamasitas and the hunks of horror. #ahsaftershow
I would give it a day before people started changing their minds if we had this option
I hope you and your retarded phone have a nice day!
Same can be said for fragile liberals who can't handle cultural traditions and keep trying to push the envelope.
Ahh you must be speaking of M & W Industries! I know it well I'll never forget the smell of pickles.
Haha ik I SHOULD be. But I still love em both like a red headed step child.
In Dancheng, the county chief is like a god. If not for this viral incident, I wouldn’t even know his name.
@hanktastic1776 @sue51684 @EternalRiteWing If you watch his UN speech you can see his resentment towards us Americans!!!!🇺🇸✝🇺🇸
Not this time
I bet everyone is commenting hoping to get plat or gold......i dont blame them
Aye the party left me. Now I'm stuck in with this old boys tadger staring me in the face.
maybe. Id praise her for it though. In a world of... instagram beauty... its refreshing when someone is just themselves
Glad you learned from it m8 and hopefully you are doing okay now
This is amazing!
Exactly! When the mom went to kekeing in [NAME] face to FaceTime with [NAME] in all of 10 minutes my jaw fell to the floor!
@CBSBigBrother never bring back Meech and Bridgette. Crying because someone looks at you? Ugh, and Bridgette.
We’ve done this twice, we have four awesome trees from them. Awesome organization!
I hope a goal comes soon on either side. Otherwise there is a serious threat of a dull and frustrating game. #COYS #coys
That was sexy
delusional about dread being a scam (don't know how this would work) and more of these conspiracy theories with zero proof/
I blame the whole season on Natalie! The season would have been so different had she not turned her back on her alliance! #pissed #bitter #pissed #bitter
What’s not true, exactly? That population differences affect influence? That politicians know where their voters are and play to those strengths?
Whistler Medical, Broken Coast, and 7 Acres... looks to be the top 3 rec producers right now.
I’m not curious why you think it’s relevant to have this information be held more favorably than all the real world analysis.
No matter how hard you scrub it WON'T COME OUT.
That's not a denial 🤔
@midnight #EndTrumpweek please, it's #depressing me. #endtrumpweek #depressing
You didn't write that very clearly at all. I Wish You Would is a cover anyway, and I highly doubt that was the point of the tweet.
Idk I felt like that until I got diagnosed with a chronic autoimmune disease.
I hate freaking out and ruining things. #anxiety #anxiety
I think [NAME] is honestly just a whack job.
Happy Cake Day [NAME]! Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
I drive an old car but it is clean and well maintained.
awful vehicle physics that cause you to instantly die when hitting small bumps and certain angles! WHY!
@naynay_whores im pretty sure cause ever since saturday ive just been super sad lol
Oh my gosh 😂. I do believe it!!
I can't bend or twist my head and no lifting anything over 10 pounds.
Awe! That sucks!
She's stricter in the source material, I believe. Disney, as usual, watered her down. (No offense to the wonderful [NAME].)
>[NAME] has urged [NAME] and the Liberal Party to allow cities to ban handguns. What a goof.
“Optimism may sometimes be delusional, but pessimism is always delusional.” —Alan Cohen #believe #believe
Be strong. I've felt the same way before in my living situation. I hope things go your way, keep us updated!
I reckon [NAME] is going to dump [NAME] and go straight to [NAME]. The old gladiator loves big Sammy.
Imagine being an Iowa AND Northwestern basketball fan this year...
I can’t wait for him to file bankruptcy. His legendary move.
My dog wouldn't stop barking so now I'm up at eight am with a raging headache
The tree starts shrinking.
No i didn’t all i know is that i binged 3 seasoms of it.
I'm happy for you and myself.
Yeah it’s not a fatal error, hopefully [NAME] and [NAME] can stay healthy next year and hit that milestone or at least flirt close to it.
Little scrub didn't even make it through the first week of NN19.
I just broke up with a girl I had been dating for a pretty long while.
@FlannelJedi This is why I drink and watch You're the Worst as a way to cheer myself up.
it's why it took us so long to sign him
Watching driven by food and @andrewzimmern going to Devon Ave to eat nihari makes me gleeful af
@Roger_Dagenham Aye. There's a brief window in both morning and afternoon otherwise just horrific until late evening.
You'd be surprised. Search this sub for the phrase, "I'm not sold on."
Bloody parking ticket 😒💸 #fuming #fuming
I’m not sure this was a while ago. No major injuries were sustained so probs not.
That is a completely different point, and has nothing to do with nxt or its title being pointless.
Better stock up on toilet paper. As for montmorillonite powder, don’t use it unless you have severe diarrhea—it’s not for casual use.
*right, [NAME]. thank you for clarifying.
I had to write in the Swangas. Seems far better than the choices given.
Drunk, with a kid in the back going 150mph? I’d like to see her charged with attempted manslaughter.
Right, and the names would be different.
I would’ve preferred not to be vaxxed as a child, bc then I could’ve died by now
>...fresh fruit and fish. Sounds like paradise!
@CNN bully
The entire winter break is under quarantine, and it’ll last until the first day of the Lunar New Year. Everyone in my family is low-risk — these one-size-fits-all policies are far too extreme.
>ribs My condolences on your loss.
Literally everything. What has happened, what is happening, and what will happen, all at once somehow.
Kik to trade, have fun or a conversation  (kik: youraffair) #kik #kikme #messageme #textme #pics #trade #tradepics #dm  #bored #kik #kikme #messageme #textme #pics #trade #tradepics #dm #bored
I always felt [NAME] was just a bit too slick. I never trusted him even before the scandal came out.
Also, on my phone this didn't show up as a "cross post". Sorry!
I always thought the U was for urine .. well this is going to be awkward.
Want pizza time? Get religion
This...is so beautiful. The stuff of dreams for sure. ❤️
Happy cake day bruh
The way @AvailableCar wash their hands of their mistakes is disgraceful. Left driving round on a tyre that can burst at any moment
This is cute.
[NAME] is the only one of those 4 to win a playoff game as a HC Keep in mind it was on a last second play, still counts
This guy has some massive self control after the fact. I felt like getting back and punching that Croc.
Called it right away.
@WildRoverTours Thank you for follow and its a good website you have and cheering with no hassle.
You can't buy a toe line.
Probably, but I'm also fairly certain it's easier for a [NAME] to get in than an [NAME] or a [NAME].
@STLouis_RamsFan their whole team is limited when they're on the field.  #terrible #terrible
DAE think that [NAME]’ insults towards [NAME] are lowkey racist and dissmissive.
They didn't even spell his actor's name correctly...
In our small county-level city, house prices are 4–5k per sqm, not too expensive, but wages are too low — no one feels confident buying.
I'm a danger to myself
This is the guy to talk to! Draftbuffs amazing and getting better constantly.
@janhopis I found the first few episodes of Bojack incredibly funny. Then it got less funny but I stayed for the #drama #drama
I think I'll eternally be irritated by our LIT teacher 😂
I checked the dudes profile before I posted this, it’s not he’s being serious
Ha jokes on you guys we still use paper charts
Can’t fault you there
What a cringeworthy load of kak this is. Wow I have no words.
Man this sucks. Hope you’re enjoying life in a big house with lambs!
Narrator: "They did not"
oh stop IT
I’m currently doing a 3 day fast and omg this is not helping 🤤
Wow. How many beds is 22 wards?
He’s been a duke homer since the 90s lol at this point In his career we know what we’re getting with [NAME]
My heart sinks.
Thank [NAME] for the person walking down the sidewalk otherwise i would have thought it was a loop immidiately
Thanks. I am. I make some new friends.
Also you forget to say how it triggers an Id check which only a assistant can circumvent
Happy Cakeday!
The restaurant business is pretty sleazy. There are a lot of affairs there.
But it's such a lovely place!!! I might need help...
Big big thonk
If [NAME] has similar role to end year then no way am I taking those over him ...especially Sony
Good job partner!
Help, help, I'm being repressed!
Yea that show was cool, unfortunately the NFL thought it was bad for the league.
We had the chance, but never made the offer last year.
Does southern miss have another gunslinging qb with a funny name?
At least she tried to be prepared for this.
I partly disagree. In an argument that stupid, whoever writes more text than the other person is inevitably the bigger moron.
Gawd but [NAME] is a bitch.
I wouldnt mind seeig a few rushes with that NFL overhead cam.
Ignore the trolls this is a fantastic idea.
I thought I was clear until I felt a hand grab my shoulder, I turned in shock to see an off duty Roman who had been passing, I knew he was a Roman from the ring which every Roman wore, his citizen's ring as they called it.
[NAME] and [NAME] = The hero's we need, but not the hero's we deserve.
I may have undersold the amount of trucks. 😂
Its mr. Clean your room. This guys pretty whatever but comments from people who love him read like copy pasta
Can’t even handle your own affairs, yet comment on national issues? There’s law for that — citizens don’t get to curse or decide someone’s fate.
Wow! Prayers for everyone there.
I feel like I got lured into a fever dream by a normal combo video's beginning
No. I make jokes about it, and so does he but he doesn't actually know.
Can you go see her in person?
a lot. It's like I'm witnessing firsthand all of the unpleasant symptoms of being pregnant
I got matched with the best [NAME] in the world today, it was well fun. Felt happy to win a round ahaha.
Checkout real cool people that I'm sure would love to help you out.
Intelligences? As foreseen unorganized by [NAME] himself? I also like nuglettes...
@10carley what a sulky pants!
How did anyone not know what this movie was? WE HAVE OUR OWN RELIGION.
Good idea, thanks
Magic are a good team. They battle every game
You drive from Burlington to London to school???
I wonder how many didn't get the joke
Ah. That’s where I left it. Now where are the keys
Ten years of life and death apart, though I think not, I can’t forget. A lonely grave a thousand miles away, nowhere to speak my sorrow. Even if we meet again, you’d not recognize me — dust on my face, frost in my hair. In dreams I return home, see you at the window combing your hair. We gaze silently, tears streaming down. Each year, where my heart breaks — beneath the moon, by the short pine hill.
Escorted off.. or being detained?
Just look at the comment section — so many misled folks. Truth is, we’ve been too tolerant. Good people get taken advantage of.
Mr. Krabs?
When giving birth is the only thing you’ve ever accomplished
At least the repulsive sex scenes are helping me maintain my diet
People back then just might have had a bad memory and kept forgetting about it.
Waste of time
To be honest having fast food at the White House would be fun
There’s very clearly debate or this weird one-sided propaganda thread wouldn’t be necessary.
I'm not going to look at your evidence. There's never been a shred of evidence!
Watch the ignorance of a variety of topics manifest itself as word diarrhea just falling out of her dumb mouth.
Happy birthday!
Arguably this post is [NAME] favorite post on Reddit one hundred percent. Lmao #muglife #muglife
I can understand political acrimony but the death of humor is really disappointing. Very sad indeed.
Eww that would mean creating a facebook account.
The last thing I want on my team are former Eagles players. Fuck that team, the organization, and the shitty fanbase
no no no you don’t understand! personal responsibility means nothing! it’s all [NAME] fault! /s
Thimerosal isn't even in vaccines anymore, due to the controversy.
[NAME] spam them till they bleed out.
Kinda reminds me of that pluto pic from nasa
The only person I didn't want was [NAME], and I ended up getting [NAME]...
This is the worst advice I've ever read. You should be ashamed for posting it.
She sounds hideous.
WTH? Just horrible.
What do these people have to do with the pandemic? Many staff worked hard in anti-epidemic efforts — posting that video, are you out of your mind?
The comment was so terrible. I can’t believe it made the final cut.
It was intentional. Maybe not with much thought behind it, but a very dangerous instinct.
"AaaaaAAAaaaAAAhhh!" I can imagine.
Who spend 54% of his life in jail because of crooked cops.
You’d want it in higher resolution I reckon
What's a Kali's kitten? [She asked, a frown curling on her fair skinned forehead as he showed her the scar] A cat did - (@ScarredTiger)
You're not missing anything, don't worry about it.
these have to be probably the worst presses ive ever seen, sorry mate
Like the poor redhead in True Blood that got vampired as a virgin, but worse.
Shooooot, Im down! Lets fucking make this happen! Why wait that long to reunite though?🤔
I used to enjoy it and grew out of it.
I swing my foot back, then proceed to apply a good, strong kick to the underside of the table.
I expected the windows to burst. Definitely not expected THAT.
Your husband sounds both smart and kind. Good for you. (says she with a big smile)
OH MY GOD! The PTA has disbanded! Ahh! Ahh! AHHHHH •jumps through window•
@ducktapepr @midnightaction @juliea592 @catherinerusse2 I dread to think... #DirtyPeople #dirtypeople
I think @Sam_Canaday &amp; @KYLEJDOWSON must actually have to be working like me &amp; @dowson_brady because I havent got any snap chat videos today
A famous tourist destination with two high-speed rail stations, it's a county-level city with a population of 300,000. The land at the foot of the mountain was used to offset the government's deficit in previous years, but it's now unfinished. New homes should be around 7,000 yuan. Older homes are cheaper.
Don't debate is probably the worst advice one can give. It's like saying: "obey blindly. Don't question us."
looks like your fake autism you used to use for attention still has its side effects :/
It's extremely rude.
That's sick I love your setup! Have a great tour bud!
Culture war is a two-player game. This would only mean a different tribe would have believed the claims and a different tribe would have disbelieved them.
Hey good news it works! I'd shove it in your ass and show you :)
I don't believe you, but even if that were true it still harms nobody
The more videos @PanicAtTheDisco  post, the more i am convinced i might should not have done that #fear #Brendonati #fear #brendonati
OMG BARF wtf is wrong with people?!
How I Murdered Your Mother #SpookyTv  #spookytv
I'm torn between [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] is next man up for scoring now, especially if [NAME] keeps riding the pine.
Wow, the interview with her mom really made that clip.
@SherriEShepherd because #whitepeople are #afraid of large #blackmen? #whitepeople #afraid #blackmen
What would that do? So you’re saying I’m 100% gonna be diabetic
Exactly. I forget what the "killed per year in a school shooting" figure is but it's shockingly low.
@GoPro your UX online is appalling! No clear save button, not being able to use any generic TLD's #unhappy #unhappy
The early summer night sky glimmers like sapphire; when I look up, I see him in a navy suit smiling at me—brighter than the moon, warmer than lamplight.
Had no idea, they refused this type of deal in the past with other companies.
@UnknownAndYoung — a low growl escaping him. Oh oh.
Don't focus on getting your phone back, work things out with your mom
Seeing an old coworker and his wife mourn the loss of their 23 year old daughter was one of the saddest things I've ever seen 😢
Yep. He would also probably have had a not insignificant “metoo” moment.
The wolves have been bad for so long that I actually did completely give up watching basketball.
Winning is fun
What's he building in there?
thanks mate! I haven’t given that idea much thought, i’ll give it a shot next time i’m home
That’s gunna be a no from me dog
At least you weren’t talking to a [NAME]!
Which one is he playing?
Got a $20 tip from a drunk Uber passenger. Today I get a $25 parking ticket. I'd blame karma but my dumb ass forgot to pay the meter.
You’re now banned from /r/starwars and some YouTube channels
We needed some way to torture a guy so a religion can be created.
I went to college to get an MRS and all I got was this lousy BS!
When I was her age I had 3 jobs... oh you have like 18... get off my lawn!
No, but a cast member did talk to him after his yelling.
Thanks so much for your reply it helps to hear from others. Good luck on your journey.
Brah me and my fat family would of loved all that butter.
making photos look pretty
>putz Is he [NAME]? I would've not voted for him if I knew that.
Neither is beating people up
[NAME] is legit! Loving this move.
Does nobody notice that this is a doctored photo..?? Like really bad clone stamp.. I mean it could be beautiful but this is not a real photo.
Holy crap goddam! I'm giving morty an A in math
Broncos one was harder being state rivals and us being spoken of as possible contenders, only to get smashed after taking an early lead
Oh I remember that final , I just dont want to involve my team in the conversation because we share a rivalry
Maybe she was having a bad day. But then again at least say hi.
I love this pic... believe me I am up for some reason my hands on you.
Yep [NAME] and BIG for the next two seasons will be so fun to watch
This better be a troll because if not, you are the most obnoxious, self centered, asinine person on this face of this planet.
Only in portland
This seems like a massive cope. But do whatever makes you happy.
I workout to "the grid" a lot. It's a 20 minute piece that continually builds. Its wonderful.
And you can amend a tax return. She can’t amend a terrible life choice like that.
Everyone has a purpose, just have to find what that purpose is for you.
Good luck with your short
Sweet summer child
@britishairways term 5 security queues at arrivals
No surprise that the game series is gaining traction!
I'm running low on everything to get 60. At high im getting 40+, its still an improvement imo. :P
Because you had the audacity to reply when called out makes me think you might have trouble understanding sarcasm, which you have my condolences for.
That's just a bad close-out, gotta know [NAME] is bating for those.
Heyyyy warriors!!!!! #anxiety #panicattacks #anxiety #panicattacks
Lol. Yes, the contractors know
I'm sorry you're going through that, I wish I could help somehow :c.
It will work this time!
Cadbury is better than both of these, however they’re still solid choices.
And when the humane society euthanizes perfectly healthy animals, are they also doing it so that "people can no longer use them"?
I love doxies. They're absolutely the best most pain in the ass wonderful loyal dogs.
wow your the best, you take away all my anxiety...EDIT IT CAME BACK
Reminder!1 month Just so I can repost and harvest karma like everyone else
What is this miserable ass weather all about 😭 dark and gloomy #depressing #weekoff #wheresthesun #depressing #weekoff #wheresthesun
[NAME] was the 4th best RB in the game, behind [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]
great another filler episode, not like we have had enough of them
Stay strong. You are better off without them.
Having a nail half hanging off is absolutely fucking grim, even with my acrylic holding it on 😷😷
All good 👍
I just came out of the restroom after crying from laughter watching that and my brother asked me if everything is okay
We will fam. Enjoy [NAME]. hes a great kid and has a crazy high ceiling
Nay ye can't stop them. Have to let it play out and hope they don't throw a few curse words in there.
It's the physical pain, mostly, I think. Maybe with cbd stuff getting big and easy to get now it'll taper down?
good cause i don’t want it!! haha.
QP is either extremely depressing or absolutely amazing. There is no inbetween.
I thought so too, glad I asked.
My irritation level is at an all time high today 🙃
Breaking news, husband borrows wife's car and should lose their job because of this
I felt for it, but ended up having to open my eyes to actually find it.
RemindMe! 10 hours
I'm curious - are you under the age of 30?
And someone downvoted you for that smh
This isn't really petty, it's actually brutal. *edit* but well done. I love it!
I wonder how many managers you've pissed off
Looks like he has a history of being an awful human:
Nah, this is actually my cat! He’s just the only other person I know that would eat em
Not a [NAME] fan myself, but there's no reason to comment on his weight or appearance. It only makes your side look bad.
I can't really provide anything to you that you haven't already deliberately misread yourself. I can't force you to be honest.
Well being told from a young age that us chubby dudes are not allowed to get the girl ever. Thats is why im asking.
No one in their right mind would pick Mount over Aouar lol People love to overrate our academy players sometimes
#TheWordOfGOD #taught, #preached #correctly will #ComfortTheAfflicted &amp; #AfflictTheComfortable; it will #offend &amp; #TellTheTruth #AboutSin! #thewordofgod #taught #preached #correctly #comforttheafflicted #afflictthecomfortable #offend #tellthetruth #aboutsin
omg you got me, what do i do now, pls help
Im hoping for a relapse too. I like her better, her hair gets darker, her leather jacket comes out. I miss private practice [NAME]
Customer probably lied to you. It happens
Like racism? No thanks.
It's sad how long it took me to get that. Haha got em
It’s a shame there is no sound lol
Welcome to the NFC Payoffs -Life long Vikings Fan-
So handsome
Yeah, sorry about that. I see it in so many post I thought it was almost a custom to do so.
I found that after particularly bad games I feel the “need” to smoke more weed, like a cigarette after a carcrash IMO
And then, in private, what do you think they jerk off to? Normal porn? Lmao.
Not seeing why that's depressing.
My feet still get rubbed at the end of the day and when we go out to eat its still my choice.
This sounds an awful lot like khorne......
I can actually read it easily now. Good work
You sound like a creep dude
Oh no my jimmies are so rustled! Please desist your relentless banter!
@JohnWildy71 something, too confused to type an entire word 😜 See, I can laugh again. My hour of sadness has almost passed
There isn't. It's a brigaded thread. Good opportunity to tag accounts, though.
Damn, good thing I got those experts to tell me that, I'd never have guessed!
You should come. You'd enjoy it.
Maybe the abandonment of his mother. Some people won’t see that as abusive but it really is.
You told me it was pointless to point it out. You're the idiot
He has made threats saying if he sees me on the street he will attack me that’s what the situation boiled down to
@fillegrossiere @PeasParsley @tombrodude bobs burgers is an animated show. Maybe Bob looks like him. They would cast him based on voice too
Agreed! Hopefully! :-)
Humans are complex beings that we don't as people still don't understand completely. That is why.
That’s no ordinary rabbit!
Connivers blind to existential fury
We finally lost a game while I was shuffling my tarot deck and now I can’t decide if I should try again or if the luck ran out
If that’s not a joke it is a startling failure to notice one of the most interesting character arcs in the story
Dude I love these
I use one every time I park and you just replied to me. so this is a bit awkward.
I have seen this a few times. Feels staged...
Welcome to the wehrmacht...
Chocolate hazelnut croissants were the bomb!
my boyfriend once forcibly stopped all of my anxiety coping methods at once (holding me, forcing my hands down that kinda stuff) and I --
I missed this villain of the week feel of the show. Feels reminiscent of S1 and S2.
@JohnJHarwood @GWGMJ30 It's no secret: personal dislike of Trump &amp; animosity has always been present..now magnified with bigotry/racism etc.
Has anyone else had a bad experience with Poundstretcher? #nightmare firm #nightmare
Haven't yet read why Dutch drivers are so happy, but here's my theory: because they could quit driving and still have great transpo options.
Welcome to our world.
My reaction was a dejected "ahhhh damn....."
@Simon_Barrett I will watch @BlairWitchMovie when it opens in Mexico in a week. Thank you for making it and don't be discouraged.
No she does not, not alone and not during sex(sadly)
Congrats to you
It’s a really depressing show. Kinda like Mad Men.
IDK about you, but associating things with [NAME] do *not* make me want them more. Even delicious Cheetos.
@shimian lol. DK has actually dropped from top of the table, surprisingly Arms Warrior is top of the DPS at the moment
You need to change your locks.
Oh I forgot how gross [NAME] can be
I do this when rolling haha
Even more so. It would only make our prison (this world) even more diabolical.
Of all the stupid terms for people out there “womxn” is by far the stupidest
Yeah. Im not an incel or nothing but I wouldve liked to see that get addressed haha
Well I can feel it was mentally hard bringing myself to go full [NAME] and shit talking prior to the plate, but this is some cutting edge analysis.
I'm sorry, do people NOT listen to [NAME] 9th while driving?
At least we know they have good taste
Uh, yeah. That was a dumb question and if you thought it was going somewhere you re dead wrong.
i can change mood for no reason on seconds. Im happy ish. To sad or frustrated to anger and rage and not always in that order.
That I was unbreakable. It took some serious injuries in “high school” until I realized that I wasn’t.
[NAME] in the trash that's just how I like it good list
Don’t shift blame—the problem is Xi’an’s poor control. Gansu’s caution is fine. If you’re infected, you’d harm your family, city, and contacts.
He put up a 7 WAR season at age 22 I'm blind to that shit if he with us lmao
tesco. why OH why cant my Visa electron be accepted on line , I am 55 , NOT 15 ?? #shocking #shocking
i ended up crying and breaking down once i got to my friends house, i'm so sorry that happened to you as well :~(
Absolutely can not believe the generosity pouring out for us, but Id give everything I have for Nick to be healthy and happy. #lost #lost
After Tianjin’s Omicron outbreak, seeing children facing it alone is heartbreaking and helpless. It’s not that they don’t know protection — Omicron is just too hard to stop. The wish to go home is understandable, but we don’t want to ruin what 10 million people worked hard for. No one can guarantee immunity — there’s no better way right now.
Nice width but every day is trap day from now until the show.
yes, very sexist
[NAME] forbid someone make a joke around YOU
This picture is as old as Tinder. OP is probably a dog for all we know.
i would not want to be they guy operating the reloader while 2000RPM of 30mm shells are firing
Hahahahaha I love this idea. I’m totally doing this!
At least you're laughing. It's a step in the right direction. Have a great Friday Me. Flower-of-Power! ;-)
I'm sorry you had to go through that. Though I'm glad you're out of that toxic environment now.
Careful with talk like this, we don't want reddit to bring down the ban hammer on you or this sub for "insighting brigades."
Mr. Met is a legend! Outrageous. Now... If you wanna talk about hateworthy mascots... The Phanatic fits the bill.
I’m upvoting for the misuse of the meme because so many people get their panties in a bunch over it.
Probably going to get buried.
This is awesome. But also r/dontdeadopeninside
#smackdev #ptp #start word #smackdev #ptp #start
Oh sweet! I'm a bit farther but go into the city all the time. I'm around 50 min by train.
Sorry just seemed like you were trying to make it a [NAME] thing
@zavvi @zavvihelp only offering 6 moth warranty #ps4pro  #truth #ripoff #ps4pro #truth #ripoff
I know he will be, I'm just nervous. His face is just going to be so sad 😢
Is that even a debate anymore?
that's weird... playing Smash Ultimate usually just makes me feel like drinking.
You guys are heading toward healing, that's amazing.. Is it possible that you are wishes on true healing
so did that one guy outside of AT&T :)
Even Sina did a good deed this time. But didn’t Liu Xin say she’d commit suicide if she lost the second trial?
Oh man. I feel so bad for her, but am morbidly curious at the same time. Got more pics?
Did the goal light go off? Because the scoreboard changed on SN and TSN
Sorry, realized I hadn’t answered the question lol. Was typing that when your response popped.
This sounds like a great idea!
Haha...what kind of fan base would do that?
welcome to the Idiocracy.
omg lke ikr
>they're a moron because everything I do is crap. Haha gottem
Except, you know, it doesn’t. Fuck off commie
Wanting to have immigration controls is in no way, shape, or form racist.
I lowkey hope I'd find this in the comments somewhere Was not disappointed
He's played the best ball of his life the past few weeks. Didn't see this coming though
They act as a shield for scam groups like Phoenix TV and Phoenix News, yet strike hard against lawful petitioners. This is what Hainan police have done — where is justice and law?
Huh that’s her?! She appears on this sub every 3 days and she looks *so different* every time!!
Because they're forgettable major label garbage that paraded around as punk because they care about more animals than they do people, that's why.
I completely agree, and I love Space Jame. But Back in Action was just amazing and incredibly satirical and witty.
I took it as a woke/edgy joke. Don't admit it was just a typo!!!
I don’t think they are. Haksal was streaming KR ranked just a few days ago
I'll have one in front and one behind. Please and thank you!
After reading this comment, I wholeheartedly hope the rest of your life is beyond wonderful. 🤣
Isn't that what most of the old people forced to rot in assisted living facilities want?
Go hang out with some friends
Interesting, no denial about being an unwelcome individual. If my suspensions are public knowledge then prove it.
Just mad that you have to wait another 6 months for your cake day
Go spidey go!!
That poor soul
most conservatives have been pissed at cities in Minnesota raising the age to buy tobacco, I guess i'm a little confused on what you are talking about.
It's happened:
OMG! I need to make these. This looks so good!
Check our Four Peaks Brewery. Great food great beer
May regret asking but foid ?
Sorry. But I think I DO have a right to an opinion broseph...
For me it's New York City FC since it's just a train ride away
it depends on the page you moron.
Not on Steelers forums. On Steelers forums half of all football fans give [NAME] credit for being on Seal Team 6 and taking down [NAME].
You mean like how Skyrim is only good because of all the mods? Lol
@GrimsToyShow grim what the fuck going on with these dame fucking clowns takeing the gameing channel if I had a way to nj I would delete
My god i thought he just hit his shins really hard on the pole but than realised what his shoulders did...
Hard. Social anxiety/general fear/uggoness kept me from actually getting dates and i was extremely awkward when I finally stopped anxie-puking to actually go on the date.
Yeah but i have hard time finding keyboards under 60€ that are blue switches with nkro, if u have some suguesstions please leave a link.
You came here to cry
From the post history, I'd say this looks like a highly inept karma farm bot account. Edit: OP is for real! Yay! Upvoting!
Since no one posted it yet
The guy who thought of this chokes the chicken.
[NAME] I hope we get lucky again. Great job with the write up. I don’t follow college ball too much so this helps a ton.
correct, even if it's EX and has invincibility then your parry will win.
I'm glad you realize that [NAME] is part of the problem and not the solution.
Which episode was this?
Eat too many whoppers and he'll be down with the sickness. Lma0 I'm sorry
Another loss to city in the cup next 🙈 😂😂 cmon united! #revenge #revenge
Especially weird considering [NAME] went to Fresno State and [NAME] went to Long Beach State.
I'm very sorry for u, they should treat you like royalty not a fleshlight
Just cleared normal mode! I'm having a lot of fun xD
Are you kidding? Most of them think leaving the EU means we get our old Empire back!
@russbully Ended up paying 75p for half a tube of smarties. Don't even get the pleasure of popping the plastic lid off either #outrage #outrage
[NAME] living her best life in Germany.
Well this is inappropriate
Nowadays, anything that touches the internet becomes unfortunate because there are so many idiots who always want to ruin all the good things.
Lol i love this person
Nope this whole thing has been deleted and we’re all banned. We are all now posting from the Shadow Realm.
That’s blasphemous 😩
Couldn’t agree more
Good idea!
Well, I could already do that. But glad to have BCH as a pathway
They’ll find out that I’m no goat. I’m the troll that eats the goats under the bridge.
@JackCurryYES he's just lucky...bad pitchers...#WHATEVER...ElKracken is #legit #future #bright #gottawearshades #LetsGoYankees #whatever #legit #future #bright #gottawearshades #letsgoyankees
Condoms protect against most STDs.
Sad. My condolences to her family.
Because it beats losing all your product
@KingNicky7 also madden isn't the funniest game to watch and if there isn't much happening it's boring
Tinder is mostly for fucking not a LTR. Men also do this.
Stafford Starford Starlord OMG!!!
That’s a lot of chonkers!
As an [NAME], half of [NAME] are unfortunately right
Ah yes, my apologies!
I might start watching that instead. It wouldn’t help since I don’t live there, but may restore some faith in politics.
She did that on purpose look at her feet shift over before she throws the punch.
She looks like snooki bro
One million points for Slytherin!
Oke thats really disappointing of him. Although his thoughts are constanly changing. He used to even be an ancap at some point.
Wow. No words. America, the land of opportunity!!!!!
@edquinn63 how can you even forget to pick ur fave child up from school
You've aged horribly'
I posted the picture on this sub. I'm not sure how to link on mobile, but someone else posted the link on this thread.
What if she runs back to you just for more attention but still no interest in dating?
@Doubtism I'm not on about history or  other people, I'm on about you. I've bullied no one, I make three posts and you attack #bully #bully
I don’t think it retains more fat but you can get bloated and stuff and retaining water will make the scale go up
Great setup.
Their pain is offset by the success they've had. We don't have anything.
you seem like the kind of person i’d like to be best friends with! :)
In the first combo if you just do the b+k instead of even bothering to kick it does 1 more damage Not much obviously but yeah just a thought
That’s a joke between our buddies. A euphemism of sorts...
Agreed! So right! Don’t like it, leave. I really hate tonight’s riot. After rioting they whitewash and slander. No one likes lockdowns—only cooperation ends them faster, right?
Just doing something this stupid as a kid.
I see. Never get bored is my main goal :)
@takumasgirl I fell and heard a snap hffffhj
Many of my friends have been sent to the frontlines of the pandemic — fighting day and night across Haizhu, Panyu, Nansha, and Liwan. The so-called “open tents” in rumors aren’t for quarantine — they’re temporary homes for the frontline workers, the “Big Whites.” They’re all young men, our friends and family. It’s heartbreaking.
Some of them will have to get new vehicles to meet the requirements. That means we get cleaner air. Where's the problem exactly?
@BearGrylls for your next series will u do a celebrity firefighting show and just chuck them all in a burning building and do the voiceover?
@jagtron1 blacks are good at provoke them selfs blaming on white when black cops shooting blacks
Same. You all tried to save me, but I rewatched with the sound on and... I have regrets.
Oh for sure. Hopefully all 4 make the play offs. Pretty sure Leinster are nearly there already, the absolute madlads.
Happy cake day! :)
Yes girl preach
Yep completely bc no kids ever liked to draw. Definitely me.
Omg lmfao!!
So weird watching this segment knowing what happened a couple days ago.
Disgusting. This is blatant nepotism, and that man should be ashamed.
[NAME] looks too creepy,but it's a very nice drawing.
Huge office fan and I agree. [NAME] and [NAME] are annoying.
What do you think is an unacceptable percentage level?
With [NAME] and [NAME] back, and [NAME] waiting in the wings, would you still want an EDGE in round 1?
@suavecitamay sparkling water is nice you know I tried it the other day
It's finally raining in Ashland, Oregon. We've been parched all summer &amp; fall. The plants &amp; people are rejoicing!
That’s cheating, gotta make a decision
Yea that makes sense. It seems like just another ploy for attention on her end 🤷‍♀️
That's the spirit 🤣 for me it's more about strangers wanting to hug me. But you do you 😎
Me too. I have so much shit and I can’t imagine taking any of it into my car and piling it that high. Wtf?
a good shorty has so much to offer &amp; it's sad that some of you niggas don't even see it when she right in front of your face and too late
What? Fur definitely shows up on beige. She stayed for 35 minutes and held one dog who was wearing a coat.
Glad he survived or it might have become a *dead*lift.
I stopped reading in the first paragraph where they try to make Vanderpump Rules and Desperate Housewives legit shows.
Hey, thanks for clarifying. I was trying to find news online without any luck.
Is that you, [NAME]?
this is why she killed herself you sick freaks
This is actually awesome.
He’s just awesome. It’s refreshing in a celebrity
just apologize. what other advice could you possibly require? you fucked up, now deal with it.
@dreamsandpocky Like, despite all my irritation towards ur ship, at least its canon. BuckyNat is canon, (and clintwanda is canon)
Using an argument based on intolerance is frankly a bad strategic idea and borders on offensive. It won't persuade anybody and it sounds ridiculous.
The world needs more Attack of the Killer Tomatoes memes.
The best workd record
Yesterday is gone thats an old song the new song is live 4 today and get #pizza #live #love #laugh #WednesdayWisdom #follow @THELYRICALB 🍕 #pizza #live #love #laugh #wednesdaywisdom #follow
Thanks for posting this OP. Many times people change their minds and do the right thing but unfortunately we don't hear about it.
Nah, you’re pretty fucked given the amount of weed you smoke and the fact you’re planning on finishing your 1.5 grams before the test.
One time my 1 stopped right in 91st, I was able to get a good photo of the platform since they have some lights along it.
Love how science doesn’t matter for human biology. What about climate change?
Your LPT is to save money by not buying cords but instead stealing them from work?
7) Went to dinner with a woman in an open relationship.
@DFSCare apparently you are to contact me. Sofas were meant to be delivered today. Old ones gone. Sitting on floor. No sofas! #fuming #fuming
Doubt it will happen but it would be good for Aberdeen to get a change.
I never gave you approval?
What was her emergency other than a teen throwing a temper tantrum
No they are not free and no they will not give u one for free. I tried.
I have a job interview with @BarclaysUK in Loughborough next month #nervous!!! #nervous
u/1R0NYMAN is that you?
Great info. Thx
It burns...
This is one of the best things I’ve read on Reddit Cheers to your perseverance
I considered that they might be doing that, actually...but I googled it and it didn’t seem to be true.
@Fatumoriginal there's no sitcom better! If u can't laugh at Sheldon or Leonard then u are sober for real! No two ways about it
>Federal minimum wage should be closer to $5 That's a horrifying thought.
*Sigh*  #saddness #afterellen #shitsucks #saddness #afterellen #shitsucks
Great! Can't wait :)
Yep, it was faked. Too bad, too
That’s the most badass joke I’ve heard
Well, [NAME] definitely a better actor but [NAME] seems like a better match for [NAME]
So happy for you both!
You mean FUStrated, it's [NAME] here :)
Go for a walk with him. No phones allowed. Let him talk, share your experience. It hurts a little less every day.
Because I want to be with someone but no one wants to be with me.
Find like-minded people you can have meaningful conversations with. Everything else I consider a waste of my spare time.
Was going to get a new #horror movie #tattoo tonight, but my artist flaked out on me for the 3rd time &amp; said he was done tattooing! #horror #tattoo
@ATrumping hahahahahaha!! Oh gosh. You are hilarious. A black man trying to keep racism alive. Get out of here man.
Huh I would figure the Royce's have been lost in the shuffle of thousands of characters introduced since Waymar, rather than a late bloomer.
Looking up — seeing so many praise ignorant bloggers while truth-tellers cry below — this society’s messed up. Long posts ≠ truth. Don’t cite outdated data, don’t be researchers writing conclusions before evidence.
A "Texas DUI" sounds like a weird sex move.
Woah up until this comment I thought the same
It's a beautiful video of family and [NAME] finally accepting [NAME] as a brother is one of the highlights of the show
This video is funny but every time I watch it I get so mad at the guys filming and their belittling comments!
This used to be the biggest circle jerk for dayz "guys its alpha!" Oh' how the mighty have fallen.
Repost with a better title
I don’t like [NAME] very much either, but she’s not a mess here.
oh no, I didn’t mean one of my boyfriends haha, I meant one of his things. we’re not in an open relationship
Sooo inappropriate and sooo awkward. He looked so uncomfortable and [NAME] wouldn't stop. I hated watching that scene.
What a horrible person
He doesn’t use Gillette. Just lets that glorious neckbeard grow.
Really? I don’t believe it. Even if it’s true — if you’re unemployed, how do you repay the loan? How do you make a living after moving?
@teenageic0n_ you'll be pleased to know my family are blues
Hurr durr, put well regulated back in the constitution. Ok [NAME] the fucking [NAME].
I’m afraid I just blue myself
> Im a milan fan I'm so sorry.
Then why isn't he the one wanding people?
This is me and my wife. She squeals with delight whenever it snows and I start looking for property in Arizona.
I have to go deep in myself not to walk down the familiar streets in my head.
Not true for a lot of people but [NAME]
Please feel free to laugh at me if I am wrong but I have seen this movie before...this game is over.
I like how you have the word idiot in your name. You are sure living up to it
I'm rank 6 and get destroyed for using legion, what build do you use? I absolutely love legion just here getting ran over
Thanks for your response
Just want to be a dad so i can play kick the baby with my little one #southpark #mellogang #ghastly #edm #plur #dad #djlife #dj #producer #southpark #mellogang #ghastly #edm #plur #dad #djlife #dj #producer
The legacy of life must be like this — those once protected will naturally protect others. May heroes’ souls live forever among us.
*Poop hole* Oooohwee!
What was their GDP then? You forgot that part.
Yeah, even good people can become radicalized by religion
Really? I thought this joke was a bit plane
All hail valve I guess?
thats.... not the type of disco that i remember
Genitals in general are just kinda creepy, fleshy bits.
You need to talk to her openly about this... without shaming her. She’s being open and honest with you. Your turn.
Happy cakeday 🎂
Shit getting me irritated 😠
He has no side of the story or we would have heard it already.
please explain?
This one has haunted me for years...
This sounds encouraging. I hope they get lots of support from the public.
We've got [NAME], [NAME]. I don't think [NAME] understands....
Maybe he has really bad short term memory, and is genuinely curious how the cop got his attention.
You have mental problems dude. Get off the internet and get a life.
I don’t know why but watching this makes me super happy!
This is not porn lol
Its interesting how it's become so mythologised and based on a large mount of fiction (tanks on the streets, English soldiers)
Guys you can’t blame him. They didn’t have basic math when he was in school
100 chapters of relationship + 50 of build up after [NAME] left [NAME]. Damn you Sasuga T.T
I guess I’ll watch this surely not morbid documentary before bedtime..
Man, this is awesome but seems bittersweet after NYE. It was loud as hell.
This bracelet just falls to the ground.
Yeah. "HEY ARE YOU THE DUDE FROM THE SCAM WEBSITE?" [NAME]
Also op I have my associates on top of my bachelors? Whatchu mean
Erin's is so precious
I forgot about that. 😂
I love the RDS.
Wow, guess my penis is small after all..
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
So we should put all children in the school at risk?
Police don't wanna be called pigs but they keep actin like em....honestly that's even an insult to pigs
My only criticism is xhaka, too slow on and off the ball.
Oh ok that makes sense then! Thanks for taking the time to explain. 😊
People will go mental hoarding food, so you should be hoarding food, not like those idiots that panic. I'm confused.
That's Great to Hear.
@AlZeidenfeld @DavisMattek @FI_GPP_Quotes @LoughyFI @FantasyInsiders terrible handle, but I owe whoever runs it a lot. #GPPHallMonitor #gpphallmonitor
and may the kratz be with you too, sir!
I don’t understand why this is a problem? Each of you just plate up your own food and then eat together.
Lord Jesus, I don’t want to be in prison. I want to be free. Entice my heart with the beauty of Your truth &amp; allow me to rejoice in it. Amen
Funny thing is he kind of said just that jokingly in the [NAME] interview yesterday
It didn’t need to end this badly — too many cuts for censorship. Even if they made In the Name of the People again, it couldn’t pass broadcast review now.
I was able to catch the first half and his D looked great (thats what she said?), did it decline in the second?
Classic [NAME] right there 🤣
the number 9 recruit from the 2019 class at USC has already entered the transfer portal lol it's only been like 3 weeks man give it a chance
EDIT: wrong link sorry here’s the right one I hope
Its just coming out now...
[NAME], we told you to PLEASE be sober when you come to work!
Never worked on my babies. So disappointing
This is profoundly unsettling to me for some reason. Thanks, I hate it
Jiang Ge’s mother said she opened an online store to make a living — lawsuits cost money.
You see the world clearly yet stay uncorrupted — kind, steadfast, sincere. Such rare traits deserve all our protection, dear Moto sisters.
@GuardianAus @Paul_Karp Maybe 49% support no #Muslim immigration cos they perceive the risk of #Islamist ideology &amp; #terrorism as too high? #muslim #islamist #terrorism
I just got asked to hoco over instagram dm bc someone lost a bet. Love the maturity of the people in my grade!!!!
I was wondering that as well....
seriously wtf. I want to see how the whole hand went in detail. that was the sickest soulread ever
sure but that doesn't change the fact that he's probably not a neccbeard
@alivitali that's what I'm afraid of!
' i can't even tell u a lie I felt like u were special, till I realized wassup and left, got u feeling dreadful '
huge fool just like everyone who believes anything [NAME] says weve been two weeks away for months now
There are many such grassroots officials nationwide. Having people like this among public servants severely damages our ruling party’s image.
No. Spend all of it ASAP. Spend the evidence so you can get rid of it quickly and safely while also still being able to buy shit!
#brigetjonesbabys #brigetjonesbaby was the best film! #hilarious - so good - so funny!! 🙌 #brigetjonesbabys #brigetjonesbaby #hilarious
The Air Canada lady patted my hand and called me `` dear '', too.
> one of the better diss tracks out there Lol okay
Thank you for this!
Chipotleee! [NAME] Damitt! Closes in 39 Seconds.. but we made it!! Loved this guy!!
As a former smoker, I would support it. Smoking is awful.
Be more supportive, think about the long road not the moment.
As long as I have my plasma rifle and some combat armour, I think I can traverse the wastes without a ride just fine.
Very well said. I am no fan of pinkers "everything is awesome" narrative of the modern world either.
[NAME] is the trashy lady stuck shopping at a Macy’s in your local mall
You are wrong.
It goes that far back? That was probably hands down the best fight ever. I loved stone cold as a kid
What? No angelic BROWN EFFIN COW????
Did a lousy job, my dishes are still dirty.
They only traded to 3 and they had 2 seconds last year to trade, plus this year's 2nd. It is impossible
I get so much PUSSY\nP - panic attacks \nU - uncontrollable anxiety \nS - suicidal fantasies \nS - sadness \nY - yearning for death
I think I watched the last 20 laps holding my breath, and the last ten with my hands over my eyes.
Wow! What are the odds of that!?
I resonate with this so strongly. Thank you for putting this feeling into words so succinctly.
@Relaqss I know she did horrible shit, but it wouldn't make anything better in the end, but your choice
That got rid of an unwanted boner real quick
El oh el that was fucking funny
I am very happy with the changes. And also very pleasantly surprised the dairy industry didn't manage to make them include more dairy.
Are you in love with the memories or do you still love him for who he is now?
British humour should offend and challenge mainstream views. Hat off to Clarkeson. The ultra left should go and kneel before Allah!!
Other source?
Comparing [NAME] to a tantruming toddler isn't new but comparing him to one's *own* toddler is bizarre.
Who ate the Carolina Reaper? Lol I’d prob be using that lid to knock myself out from the heat
Show him how hilarious season 1 and 2 of Family Guy is. Then show him how incredibly stupid the rest of the series is.
You are correct.
It did put me off at first but after you get better with a weapon it becomes far less of an issue.
Yeah it was, it was awful, everyone got sick, I was sick for like a week after that event.
In case you're wondering, Nintendo does put a bittering agent in their Switch cartridges...and it tastes horrible.
I like the "filler" episodes, believe it or not. I actually get bored by the battles
It's a joke, fam.
Go off [NAME] This season has been a roller coaster but this guy is the best thing we've had in a while. He's so damn good
I mean it’s kind of weird that they miss that part we’re the Bible acknowledges other gods for selfish reasons
#SOMETIMES YOU CAN TELL RIGHT AWAY SOMEONE ISN'T WORTH ANY MORE TIME! #sometimes
I almost feel bad for China.... but the culture has a major problem with having 0 morals.
I now understand why everybody gets pissed off at these weak ass pump fake fouls.
You have a nice bro.
I got the exact same message from tati yesterday ! She said on her twitter that it's definitely a scam
Yes, because I've always wanted a father figure who throws a tantrum every time he doesn't get his way.
> Not necessary, you're a visible enough asshole that you pop up naturally.
a panic attack AND CALL YOURSELF A REAL FAN makes me so mad like i dont even have the words to explain. this is why some people give no +
Laziest team I've ever seen.
It's not about whether someone was harmed or not, but rather that as a civil servant, they have no sense of the law. They can detain people at will. But what about higher-ranking officials? What about those under even greater pressure? Can they just execute anyone they want? Officials without legal awareness and no respect for the law are potential criminals. Such people are a danger to society when they are in office.
Thank you. I will look into the protein possibility.
@iamglenn35 the forth character? No... not gleeful enough...
@stephtikkanen oh so true, so true.
Yes I would rather have a government agency waste the money on food stamps. Right wing moron.
Everyone go home, the ~woke~ crowd have decreed misogyny and homophobia are a myth.
[NAME] just commented on my comment with links to the pamphlet! ‘Tis real!
Wow. He might actually lose Iowa
Truly incredible work ;)
Wow I’m glad I live in Cali
Not in this thread- but I have heard people act like it’s no big deal... don’t take reasonable precautions to prevent spreading it
[NAME]. I really loved your hustle for 35 yards. That's why it was so hard to cut you.
And with the federal laws about how little time they can drive before forced breaks, they work less than any shithead salaried manager and great pay
Not yet! But I waiting for a miracle any year now!!
I like this rule because in life there are always exceptions. The problem is when you start feeling entitled to *being* that exception.
Game pass has a lot of good games you get aswell, id look at them first
If he wants to play more, he should play better. Otherwise, leave. [NAME] has been very bad.
> The makeup is very technically sound You have a point. I can hear it from here.
Well thanks. Maybe if i make any money we can set royalties up.
People are assuming you’ll survive getting your leg cut off right now. Coma seems better.
holy fk [NAME] is the guy in the gym who thinks hes a star but he just isnt
my stomach is all out of whack.
OP literally said guys like [NAME] are not unicorns and not hard to find. They never said [NAME] was the ultimate standard lol
Haha love it!
> But now I know I just have to write crappy books. Probably the easiest way to get rich in America tbh.
I just cant imagine someone insulting a guy by comparing him to one of the most successfull child actors. (I know who [NAME] is)
> I’m tired of being realistic and open minded. Me too! Now it is all about being selfish and aloof. Not even kidding.
Interesting theory.
I agree. I was merely attacking the fragility and ineffectiveness of democracy. Thanks for the example!
Great movie whose marketing did an awful job of preparing people for.
when was the last time our PP was good
Be #afraid of the #quiet ones they are the ones who actually #think. #afraid #quiet #think
That sub bans and deletes anything that's not flattering to [NAME]. Don't expect anything other than ideology and cult behavior from those idiots.
Looks really good! TY! Will watch it tonight
“Those floors with *that* paneling? Ugh! Disgusting!”
Need to change the subject of this post or it will be removed quickly but I hope those scum bags end up in jail.
Omg, you are so right! 🤮
yes!! i was like oh my god. oh my [NAME]. it’s gone. the weight’s GONE. i’m FREE!
Whats more scary than a yellow man? A yellow man using yellow colour
Alright stop.
Low ^hanging ^^fruit
You guys are the reason I had my first smooth hit in months, thank you🤘🏽🙏🏼
So you got a more expensive burger while following the rules?
The foreigners at our company are actually very law-abiding. Sometimes when we go to the mall, we forget to wear masks, but he always does — says it’s because being a foreigner, people hold him to stricter standards.
I **LOVE** that the players are finally getting into the game. People feel invested! I like that!
Same here. I drink a pint of water? No bathroom needs for at least two hours. Pint of beer? Half an hour, tops.
Yes he said that. But it can be quicker.
I did that my first day of middle school (got off at high school instead) but that's probably because I'm an idiot
Thank you so much. Happy New Year to you to.
Ahh mate, come back any time and i'll make culturally inappropriate Third Reich gags and then we can get lit on bush chooks.
@holly_lolly7 I just have serious respect for any man that can pull off a bun better than I can, like maybe they can teach me their ways.
Maybe try online classes or even start with a Udemy class on writing? Would that help?
I'm sorry but since when is an #indiegames #DLC worth nearly £130 that's just plain lunacy when the game itself is £20odd, #astounded 😱 #indiegames #dlc #astounded
It was indeed , but holy shit is that cheap and [NAME] :3
I took my shirt off and washed my face, hands and arms then I took a paper towel and slowly washed my belly.
Thank you for telling me !
I’m a crybaby now, but I’m so happy to see happiness
I know what I said son
Thanks, you are right, I appreciate you reaching out
Everyone has a right to fetish. Does not mean I cannot say “you deserve to be nailed to a cross” for it
Buddy... Are you ok? Is there a teacher at your school that's strange? Kidding. Nice post as always.
Some of the problems I noticed afterwards, I love the car. The experience not so much.
I'm guessing you jumped straight to being offended too fast to realize that this is ironic. that's all tongue in cheek.
try to attract the guy that i like. other than that i love gaming drawing writing and watching tv.
Her parents are all for it, I made a good first impression and they're just happy that she is. Thanks :)
@jeremycorbyn @magstogether my god is @jeremycorbyn a full shilling? Seriously you need a major rethink or no lab gove in your lifetime
@Melanie_Pierce @HunterHayes awe ain't he a sweetheart? He's adorable! 😊😍❤️
as superficially as possible. i cant go deep with a guy, only with girls.
On its own it looks really stupid, but it’s kinda cute all in the little pot
Any chance we could treat the terrorists as terrorists then?
Thank you. I needed to hear this. Currently kinda spiraling pretty bad
Amazing. It looks like a penis and a vagina at the same time.
Lol you got us there hahahahahaha way cheaper too
*What* exactly *are* we *italicizing* so *much* for?
Don’t own one and the show is tonight I didn’t realize this dilemma until a few hours ago
You always write long and heartfelt posts, sharing all your feelings. Silently, you grasp everything and remember every tiny detail. As you said, you care—so keep going together. We’ll all get better.
Also, if you start looking for your partner to get mad at you when depression "kicks in" then you're probably starting it yourself.
Omg wow, this is great. Thank you so much!
W-WORST HABIT: Not washing my face before I go to bed.
Last time I tried to post, my post was deleted because I didn't have enough karma, wasn't even that long ago...
A clip board was forced into my hands as I stood lost in a dark abyss unaware of the reality going on around me.
Dying my hair an extreme color for the first time #excited #nervous #change #notfastenough #excited #nervous #change #notfastenough
Only I could be talking to a catfish on tinder 💁😂 glad I don't use it seriously 🤣
Peter is aesthetically pleasing to look at
[NAME] was barely established waaat she really had a generic design in mk9 and we already saw this look in the comics and it looked great
@kelly_welles they were brilliant weren't they? Made me feel v dull not having one. And why no tattoo emoji! This'll have to do... ⚓️ x
lol you are 18 and a female. You'll surely find someone
Who’s that cutie
That took about a week and a half, then I had surgery to put eight plates in my face to rebuild it.
No that's communism not socialism. There's a difference between them.
As a major platform, Weibo must have limits! Jiang Ge’s mother won her case, yet incidents like this mock justice — We
You gotta know [NAME] is willing to pull the trigger on you at any moment if it means he can fleece another gm.
He is warped by porn. He's got a problem
Ok scrubbed hands 5 times before trying to put them in.\nEyeballs #burning \n#EvenMoreBlind accidentally scared the #cat whilst #screeching #burning #cat #screeching
I believe they shot him through the door in the back.
Disinfected or sanitized maybe. No way an entire exam table is sterilized.
No worries. We're all pretty worked up about the way this offseason has gone regarding [NAME]
I'm such a shy girl🙄
If hes married and a decade down the road and tells her im sure itll be nothing more than a great laugh lol
My second doc! I’m a student from Cleveland and would love any tips you guys have.
Lol. It's funny cause people might do it.
My class size until 5th grade was 6 students...wish I had more classmates back then.
it's not up to the drivers, its up to the owner. Owner doesn't have to drive in the ice.
[NAME] beat the Bears last season lol
The god awful CGI is honestly entertainment enough!
I am so glad that your grandfather learned better and was able to share his story of growth. That takes humility in learning a better way.
I can be convinced to like any trade right now but it all comes down to the return.
People have gotten triggered on this sub the past month if you didn't call [NAME] a [NAME], so I think we can handle it.
Real nice guys are just kind people.
[NAME] didn't want to deal with [NAME] (reasonable) and [NAME] had more foreign policy experience and credentials than [NAME] did at the time.
I'm just glad everything came out okay.
A good everyday dua would be including me in your prayers
I'd say the guy who was going beat [NAME] face in is the worst character on the show.
Umm... Dude. Have you seen this planet? It's half penis-monsters already!
Jesus wept! Another RNS from #rusty @metaltigerplc quote 'Price sensitive news, Price Sensitive news' etc etc The #Ramping here is  #rusty #ramping
was it a serious injury? like bleeding on the brain? If so then it could be legit.
What is your current relationship? From my experience women younger than 20 always look for older(0-3 years) men.
The Internet is a weird place.
Honestly, Queen kinda sucks. Obvious they were ripping off My Chemical Romance.
Liu Xin — utterly heartless and ungrateful, a real-life “farmer and snake”! Retribution awaits! No matter her excuses, lies can’t hide the fact she caused a death. Justice will prevail!
The #500thTest match would have be a T20 or an ODI if @virendersehwag @B_McCullum42 been in their National Colors #nightmare #hitter  @BCCI #500thtest #nightmare #hitter
Or, or.....hear me out on this....have a cup of tea (UK) and then just move the problem to a different location.
" As much as i urge for the answer no stranger seems to talk about it.
I tried Nair once. Do not use Nair.
3 weeks into the course and have had the kitchen sink thrown at me, I m still pulling knives and forks out of my ears
[NAME] damn it, dude. Are you trying to ensure every gun owner in PA votes red? Because that's how you do that.
Why did we have [NAME] that one year shoot against Draymond. I dunno because its entertainment and story lines.
I like what you did to PK ☺
Everyone forgot to tell you the 1st step is to marry the Sheriff's daughter.
@SurfaceSupport A profoundly disappointing experience. I have 2 pay almost $500 2 remedy a defect n the product @Microsoft sold me #terrible #terrible
If you were gonna chloroform the person why not just get a hold of a fresh dead body instead? Move just as much.
You are amazing! Proud of you!!!!
Match highlights for those interested, it was a very fun match
I don't know what that is
I prefer HOWDY MISTER
Don't worry, you'll find love, I promise! I hope you love yourself as well. <3
Un-luckily, I missed two days of work last week; the day the nurse told me to go home, and Thursday, because my throat was so sore waking up that I couldn't talk.
It's a shitty made shirt but if it was done well I'd wear it.
Desperately miss this, [NAME] was one of my favourites at finishing with big choruses
Damn, u right.
Who exactly are these “gifted classmates”? What did they achieve? Sounds like using “talent” to belittle others. Art is subjective — hard to measure.
[Serious] I'm fairly certain this poster has Asperger's Syndrome or OCD or some other mental disorder. He obsessively fixates on really really weird subjects.
@GirlPosts @_matdtaylor actually how annoyed you get 😂
Another reunion pic!!! made me lol
Well just the thought of it being named Katz but not being The Katz in New York would make me not go.
Well, quite. Now I’m all annoyed.
Love 281, fuck 35.
The one coach I didn't want to lose, but with a new offense coming in, not a move i'm entirely shocked by.
Wish you did more. Sounds like she deserved worse.
This was a clever post. I also unsubscribed.
@HoustonTexans just trying to go home tonight? A run on 2nd and 20 and a run on 3rd and 20? That's what champs do... #sike #losers  #sike #losers
good point I’ll keep that in mind
So..... it looks like dude is willing to break his own neck to help a vegan who is choking.
You're asking for scientific proof of spirituality. You're either very dumb, trolling, or you think I'm a charlatan.
What’s worse is that the judge and businessman are old college buds.
Me too. Damn that damsel in distress syndrome
It’s up to you to fight it in court if you didn’t do anything wrong. And your word versus his.
Well damn I’m going to the Buckingham today
my husband lost £800 when he booked an apartment through @Airbnb that didn't exist... @AirbnbHelp didn't care #nightmare #airbnbnightmare #nightmare #airbnbnightmare
What does that do with having the buyer sign the title?
This was beautifully written.
I know you’re playin but it wouldn’t surprise me if I hear this for real
Oh recently I’ve started working out and concentrating on myself. Has helped improved my mental strength as well as physical. I feel ready for anything.
@robert7019 @itzamadhouse @skyler12388\r\ralso celebrate THEIR belief that Jesus is alive in hell, boiling in a pot of shit (actual shit)
It's so obviously a joke but they took it literally because them thinking it is serious validates their skewed perception of the world.
Follow this amazing Australian author @KristyBerridge #fiction  #zombies #angels #demons #vampires #werewolves #follow #authorlove #fiction #zombies #angels #demons #vampires #werewolves #follow #authorlove
Then enjoy your shutdown!
I love [NAME] and totally understand. I hope she and [NAME] are able to have their healthy baby.
Unfortunately, this sub is slowly being populated by prequel revisionists and the good-ol-day guys.
I miss my gran singing Rawhide, in her deep baritone growl.
Accurate ! Thanks
The real comedycemetery is people still posting this joke for the hundredth time
> the heartbreak of a nice older truck being ruined Lol, the truck was new when this video was made.
Every time you share this with someone you teach your body that you don't need to hide this.
Of course [NAME] doesn't like competition for his religious fantasies. That surprises no one.
Val having a nervous breakdown #floss #GBBO #floss #gbbo
you are pathetic.
His 2 point shooting has been bad this season atleast he is still staying aggressive
@GrxjicTank WHY though! Why did u want to offend Americans?
This just gave me strength :)
I'm currently playing a child character and noone at the table has a problem with my 91 year old elf.
He is so dreamy...... This thread is going r/suddenlygay real quick
My heart feels like there is nothing left.
I had forgotten, now I changed it, thank you very much for warning me about that! so sorry 🙏
She found her Dad and gave him a rock she had found out side, just a plain old rock.
Wowowowow!!!! I’ve been campaigning for [NAME] too!
>[NAME] Well he forgot to save me from the 'word of hella'.
Man. I can't wait until my life is so devoid of meaning I feel compelled to complain in a silly joke subreddit.
So excited to watch @RuPaulsDragRace #allstars \n #RuPaul  #allstars #rupaul
I spend a lot of time worrying about how and why that'll happen to me as I get older.
We’ve got the terrorists screaming [NAME] while commiting terror acts to thank for that.
I use Firefox with my 5 extensions and one tab, 400MB of RAM being used. I use Chrome with the same conditions, a whole fucking gigabyte.
Y so serious
Brain dead clearance. Honestly deserved lead. They have been better.
This is the whitest thing I’ve ever seen in my life
One day I created an email for doing online jobs. Then I stuck with the first half of the email address as my secret identity.
want* a source on that, sorry.
Literally being here makes me depress tbh
Thanks for the suggestion, I’ll definitely have to hit that up once it gets a little warmer!
Nah they'll make their own post that's really passive aggressive about SOME people not understanding [insert fatlogic excuse here]
Yea man! Why does it always run out faster than shampoo from the same sized bottle?!
those comments are perplexing
What in the actual...
I'm in the barn all day 6 days a week doing a job that keeps me on my feet and moving for the entire time I'm there.
No Greece is full of poverty, I understand the confusion though
I thought it was fairly common parents didn't let their young girls alone with boys or vice versa even though kids will do what they want.
Happy new years!!
You didn’t change my mind, but that’s actually a very interesting thought “the Skywalkers are the imbalance”.
Who wants to go… Too lazy. Finally a few days off—work is inevitable, why waste free time with people who make me unhappy.
Nonsense. I’ve seen at least 30 infected friends — imagine how many more behind them. My building has 8 positives, one per floor. Add two zeros to that “official” number and it’s closer to truth. Used to mock the West’s bad data — now look at us.
Then don’t go. Those are all rich kids — life’s still hard? What’s your money for? You think early education makes kids ahead? Any “training” without active participation is worthless.
He’s one of America’s greatest songwriters.
What was I expecting smh
thank you so much! :)
Child labor laws are ruining this country
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Oh my god.
Predicted almost exactly what was going to happen. Still got me.
I had thought about Millport but not the rest, great idea thanks 😁
[NAME] playing for the heat always makes me laugh
@Rbrutti what a #happy looking #couple ! #happy #couple
This again?
It made an odd 'thap' noise, you know...
I was at the game at there was a huge Laker fandom there. It felt almost like an away game.
@soboleskih Okay this is hilarious
Lol I get it
My ankles and front of shins felt stiff.
Marcus Roho is dreadful
According to roadcam, everyone stops that far past the stop line and if you say you don't, you're a liar.
Glad you didn't add some awful "Read that again." in the description like I see other people doing when they retell this joke.
Thanks, obviously I didn't put my best foot forward here, but we are chemistry sets that are designed for certain activities etc.
The questions are normal enough, but all at once and leading with them is a little weird.
Everyone just called me the bad guy and said they're glad she's marrying him and rejected me and that i deserved it.
I wish someone were there to scream this at me every day.
I loved it too! I think it doesn't really mean anything and it was just a hommage, but anything can happen in Riverdale.
I love your comment...
To be fair, you have to have an extremely high IQ to also know that whiteoids dominate the school shooting industry.
I knew nothing about the cult, and it is one of my 2 or 3 favorite Netflix originals.
love this!
Will be when we organise a run on the banks and hopefully take the only thing Westminster cares about away from them.
In Mekkkah's latest pitfall video, he describes the common bad habit new Fire Emblem players have of _________.
Cool so you saw something already posted, didn't want to believe and did it yourself to post it all again?
Same here! Although I just try to be happy whenever I am with my child.
Yea they seemed basically the same age while they were getting their scrogg on all over Lian Yu.
C1,2 7.30 pm [NAME] to [NAME], "I how how you can throw down" HAHAHA!!!
Thank you. This sub is the one place I feel understood
You will not have damage to extremities when applied in a temporary situation as in this case. Simple as that.
Never ceases to boggle my mind how truly ignorant some people are.
Let them be happy for a season ,they cried in the last 5 years a lot .Watch us bouncing back next season and they will wipe their smile.
I wake up and think I have to go to school and then realize I've graduated and I'm going to work
@DamnPatriot You're a POS for rejoicing in someone's death.
Nice Idea collect all relevant socialmedia in one-But dont be automatic pls #worldsapp ⬅️ #chirp #appsworld #socialmedia @DanielFeuer merci🎈 #worldsapp #chirp #appsworld #socialmedia
*and, sorry for the spelling mistake
Who’s vid is This?
I thinks he's the leader of one those Turkish backed rebel groups. He was accused of raping the wife of one his soldiers and screwing prostitutes.
But didn’t they speed up blocks so the net difference was essentially zero?
I second this sentiment! This has bothered me since the beginning and I don’t know if she really grasps how incredibly offensive this is!
He should have become an Uber driver
I love how [NAME] delivers the Italian lines.
Officer An’s role is too idealized and flat — no nuanced antagonist — but he still held the role together.
I must of not fully understood what you meant... damn tired redditing
Does she sleep with them all at once every time they hook up?
236:416 While she was in her dull and sleeping hour,\nA crew of patches, rude mechanicals,\n#AMNDBots
> whatever happened to MK9's revealing style? Female characters started getting treated as actual characters and not just strictly fanservice mannequins.
I don't believe that there's any justification for an authoritarian government.
And RIIIICCHHH BYYIIITTTCCHHH!!
I love this. Hopefully it is more successful than [NAME] (RIP).
Out-douching the douche often results in two douches mashing together.
Kangle Village was messed up by those “nine-headed birds” — they’ve ruined you all. Strongly suggest deploying armed police to suppress them.
I fell like labels like genderfluid agender ect reinforce the idea of gender and gender roles when we should be trying to get rid of it completely.
I think not living with him in advance is a big mistake.
No, no, Amazon! Ripping is painful! ‍♀️ Be *gentle* to your abby wabbies. *Gentle*. *pats you* ❤❤☺
When people who know nothing about MLK besides their middle school education talk about MLK
Oh my gosh she opens her gullet like a freaking pelican!!!
Because it's incredibly cringy.
Thank you; I hope so too.
we can move on when you answer the questions that i have for you are you ready to do that?
I ( so far today ) have dislocated my shoulder, burned myself on hot oil, had a migraine, had a sinus headache, dislocated my wrist, and fell down ten stairs made of wood.
It was salt. This is the laziest ‘dish’ I have ever ordered in my life.
I kinda forgot she existed before I saw that comment
> Consult /r/ssbbw (NSFW) for a better answer. Thanks. But no thanks. I'll take your word for it.
But they aren't poisonous?
Sue the shit out of her for damages to your private property.
Dude, whenever I'm bored I either masturbate play games or browse reddit. Not sure how anyone can be bored with such fantastic opportunities.
All the best. Safe travels.
That feeling when your mascot is there but none of his players. Sorry Youppi
I’m in Florence right now on a holiday and my [NAME] does it make me want to replay that game
I loathe him too, but I couldn't even get on board with lynching him. Not even that obnoxious twat [NAME]
Good always love him
Has anyone noticed that @npr stories in recent days all paint positive accomplishments for Trump and challenges for Hillary? #surprised #sad #surprised #sad
[NAME] that was funny too. She was mothering him the whole episode
Not all of us young teens eat tide pods Mom would be sad
I don’t cry but I’m not a monster I hope :(
Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything  #optimism #optimism
TRENDY PEOPLE DANCING WITH PRODUCTS
Yea I would've lost it there
Pleased to meet you. Hope you guess my name.
HOLY SHIT CHANCE
Ah Belgium ... being paid €500 by your employer, and only being allowed to keep €200 :)
Really? That's interesting. I'll have to give it a try. Yes I'd love to take a look at your suggestions.
I feel like someone smart will go pound bama on the ML right now. But that person won’t be me lol.
How on earth can the projection of all that is good and happy and true in my soul be a poisonous fucking snake? #patronus #adder #offended #patronus #adder #offended
Hi, yes? Ok, one moment... Hey OP, yesterday called and they want their post back.
We just bought [NAME]. Have faith
Or we could just get menus with pictures of food like every other rational establishment. It's so bizarre
#Arts create richness &amp; liveliness in our society, continues through educational &amp; social benefits, and only ends with the economic #arts
This truly is the dankest timeline
I told their kid that it was okay to be upset. (He was anxious and I was validating his feelings.)
What's your best [NAME] story? You rock btw!
hahaha. best response I've seen in a few days
Gee I wish.
Give a listen to Gramatik, he is amazing
It's just an edgy 12 year old's creation.
Is that were its from ? All i know is since i was young that is scary af !
Game: ok get out now Nea: a Game: no fuck you nea u toxic af
That's one of the reasons why I'm wary 😂
Glad she was a good sport about it.
....it’s just raining on my face
Tried to think who else could compete for that honor and didn't come up with many: - [NAME] - [NAME] - [NAME] Anyone else?
Yeah no problem. Here is the link to her sons foundation.
Bunk ur class📚 at least once in your life time cuz later when u look back good marks will not make u happy but memories😊 will'    -APJ
He accusd India of HR violations in Kashmir BUT refusd to name India's role in fomenting terror in Pakistan through TTP, BLA &amp; MQM.shame #ZH #zh
it doesn't happen all the time
Especially funnier whens its commented on a song from like 2004.
They could have checkmated the "journalists" and avoided this situation by saying they decided to switch to only pay for quality journalistic work.
After a month at tables and T.V. trays, I was back on the ground, eating with my legs crossed, and had no complaints about it.
No, that looks h*ckin delicious
Yeah, sadly, looks like this champ will be pretty opressive.
I just open mouth laughed so loud my kids came out of their bedrooms, phone in hand, but still...they came out!
It inhales you ignorant octorok
You really need to stop hanging out with those people.
Ain’t nothin good enough for her
in a rather large company.
I was going to say Tigres but then I reread the title and it said ‘big’
I just don’t get it—why should a decorated athlete be judged by keyboard warriors? Praised sky-high before, now treated like a criminal…
Sounds like an edgy 14 yo that just had his first kiss
I didn't call you a [NAME]. Your use of Nazi-adjacent statements is extremely sketchy, though.
It's a shame that so many experimental psychology studies are still using such dubious statistical practices.
I'm at job that is effecting my mental health, and I'm not sure if I should be up front.
Sending prayers!!
Check Billboard's actual site. Not Wikipedia. Can't knock the hustle hit #10 on 1-12-2019 #10
Thats awful, I'm so sorry for your loss
I can't believe @HoustonTexans can't put up even 3 points on @Patriots #horrible #hugeletdown #horrible #hugeletdown
Civ VI has a lot more interesting concepts, but overall it's still a kinda boring game. Then again, I think the same of Civ V.
If it weren't already so delayed
Ah. Okay. Good luck with work tomorrow.
He's hilarious
Oh yeah, from the vulcan council
Getting my comedic relief w/ @SofiaVergara during season premiere of #ModernFamily. Just what a girl needs! #hilarious #modernfamily #hilarious
I've had good luck reselling on StubHub. They take a cut but it is secure and easy to do.
And he’s been with same org with his former teammates before Vegas. That and highly doubt [NAME] would drop a loyal player.
thats terrifying. how can people do that to their own citizens?
Yessir, it gives me the creeps. That boy ain't in Scotland, and that boy ain't right.
Those vast differences don't get noticed by the public.
He is 100% [NAME]. Not using [NAME] for the role of Admiral [NAME] is missed opportunity ;)
This was my biggest problem. And I'd want a nap too. That's why I have to shower at night.
[NAME] wants to know what you really mean.
That’s one big-ass bath candle.
Soooo [NAME] is f**ked
Haha my cat does that as well. Had to get round door knobs.
I'm going to pretend this question was asked in all honesty, and upvote. Besides the answer below is great.
Not sure that men can handle a woman that's got her crap together.  #independent #independent
He s ugly and short. It's pretty clear.
I've come to the conclusion that TMoR's Snoo needs to be more orange.
I understand why he's confused but [NAME] is the host of the show, he can't just leave
She’s my favorite too. She is indeed hella cute.
This is disgusting.
He looks like he is GTFO after that. "The tiger shark is second only to the great white in recorded fatal attacks on humans.[7]"
All things considered, a very saddening, scary, sobering, scary day.
@PatBlanchfield so you mean “like Uber but for despair for someone other than the driver'
This is awesome! Do you want people to RSVP? Or are you doing this first come, first served?
#amwriting #horror in the dark and a loud creaking door noise is coming from the kitchen. There are no doors there to creak. WTF. #amwriting #horror
[NAME] is a gem and I love him but he should really be a DH somewhere
How dare you say that. He's a toad of the people! Not some rich frog!
Goodness, how will [NAME] even defend this? Please try to validate this so I can become a muzz and you earn your good boy points from [NAME]
wow fkn nice :)
Sorry if I’m late to the party but when does the new season start? I’m getting withdrawals! Happily ever after that is.
What a career for TBA. Started on the wing for Qld in 2002 and now playing at prop for the Indigenous side 17 years later.
Onus is on #Pak to act against #terror groups which find safe havens and all types of support for cross border terror: #MEA #pak #terror #mea
Someone who evidently doesn’t really know much about football or doesn’t do a simple google search before posting.
As a [NAME] I love your username. It's not suspicious at all! Call me 😘
That's just reckless. He's lucky he didn't get permanently disfigured or killed.
Thanks! Edit: hold up a sec. Cowboys?
He needs a swing change. Too much swing and miss for that level
Orange man funny but concerning
@NFLonFOX @TheDoctorCarson @FOXSports Easy, breezy, beautiful...
Wow great analogy, exactly like that yes
Georgetown - great food, great shops/ the "exorcist" steps are located there, too. the exorcist steps
I could upload this to YouTube if I wanted to. No problem. You couldn’t do anything.
This is what I was looking for. I keep passing all the info up. I appreciate all the help!
This was actually a very interesting article. I'd never realised how Snapchat and its filters were driving people to be so unhappy with their appearance.
Oh my heck, thanks so much for correcting me. 😆
@clairepilkingt2 oh god no that's awful mine don't last that long thank god. Thank you\n Xx
I took a nap with my boyfriend this evening. It was really sweet of him to just let me rest, you know? I feel you.
"Oh, how DARE you discuss the disgustingly unhealthy and dangerous lifestyle I pursue!" /s
That old lady is cray cray #scared #BellaIsSoCute #awe #Empire #scared #bellaissocute #awe #empire
Yeah because what we should do is continue to be an absolute embarrassment.
You're amazing. I'd buy it :)
Damn I love 20 mins from Akron, but looks juicy.
OMG, how did they do that? I mean killed Petunias. My pot is from Bunnings as well.
I bought the double barrel and fully upgraded it and now it's one of my favorite guns.
the older i get the more it hurts
One of my favorite shows of all time.
Mountaineering is more technical than hiking, and requires ropes and other equipment. Hiking uphill is part of hiking.
[NAME] was autistic BOOM
We don't undervalue him, almost any and all experts thing he is just not worth his contract.
> Mother wasn't amused and I was forced to smile and bare it Wow, I would hate taking nude family portraits
Avoiding #fears only makes them scarier. Whatever your #fear, if you face it, it should start to fade. #courage #fears #fear #courage
Stop spreading rumors! Go find out the truth yourself! Nonsense!
Wonderful, [NAME] can just go ahead and quit politics right now then. (ref)
I will upvote any gif that has [NAME] as Dr. [NAME] in it. I loved her performance in Maniac.
I just learned about mukbang yesterday from a foreign exchange student. What luck, didn't realize they were popular outside of Asia.
I do. Am chemist. Stop serving me things that remind me of work, goddamit.
Ah yes, the merge from 640 to 40 by papermill. Idiots do this all the time. It really messes up the traffic pattern.
All I've said about that topic is that I support abortion but I think birth control and sterilization are better.
Thanks friend lol
So happy for you! Keep dancing, dancing is freedom!! Something we feel we will never have again.
I mean I'm no fan of the series either but who cares? It makes a lot of people happy.
Yeah, he's 8-1 in his last 9 games played. Pretty great if you ask me.
You just told a bunch of random people, I think you’ll have no problem telling her
Fuck me daddy
Now, I didn't feel like spending money.
You shouldn't have been leaving anyway, witch. Go write a funding bill. You know... do your job.
Stay hydrated, move slowly and stay cool.
“What worries you masters you.” - Haddon Robinson @ChoGMinistries #Jesusisthesubject #worry #anxiety #anxious #jesusisthesubject #worry #anxiety #anxious
Wonder if it’s possible for [NAME] to engage with a polite fan in a magnanimous way.
She knows you only want them vaxxed so they're weaker and will be easier to seduce!!!!!
I can answer this! It's alright. Interesting little snippets that make me curious about the show for sure.
I absolutely love it that EVERYONE is scoring... please keep this up for the rest of the season.
Damn that must feel great!
[NAME] looks so defeated every time [NAME] posts him up
Thank you! In Germany and was sick of waiting and wondering
Thanks, I'll have a look and see what they offer
Regardless of the premise, his words are the words of a legally illiterate person. But this is the thinking and professional level of a leading cadre. Regardless of his considerations, regardless of whether his intentions are good, this extremely crude and one-sided rule truly reflects that many current officials have no regard for serving the people and are only obsessed with official status.
This article gives the details
@MCHorseFayse @bockaguyjim @generalgoodsman @nevernotdavid so you were owned by losers on Twitter #sad #sad
@MendipHillsAONB do we think the swallows and swifts have gone? Photo'd 3 nights ago, not seen since.  #Autumn #autumn
Dude was posting about the score, as-in, “are you kidding me, we lost to the kings at home on a last second shot”
Holy shit, your therapist just (inadvertently) explained SO MUCH in my life, internet stranger.
Why would Enrique sub off busquet?
Why do I seem to hit 6/7, and can't go any deeper without throwing up. I wanna see and feel more shit FML lol.
☊Focusing primarily on the person you’re talking to rather than yourself and the impression you’re making lessens social anxiety.
I'd keep taking it. The side effects should go away soon. Paxil has been the only med that helped me.
Where is [NAME] mentioned in Genesis?
Blame [RELIGION] communities where it's normalised for men to divorce women without giving her any of her rights , even Islamically.
Can the mods just delete this crap
The fact that you stayed this long really doesn’t but the blame on him, you chose this relationship
At least you can skip it
@komal_sidhnani true...\nThey r burning with other's pleasure!\nPpl in true love happiness everywhere _😃
Is it allowed be recast in other languages (like spanish)?
A bunch of people gave reasonable, polite answers. You had to be a big ol' dong.
I am secretly hoping for a Vini winner - he deserves it so much, the guy pours his heart out on the pitch
We need the pen kid to drop a beat to this.
Forget [NAME]. You gotta go to El Campo....
Scenes like these are what make me wish I could forget the entire show at will. So I can watch and enjoy them all over again.
During the long and high vocals at the end, hair stood up on the back of my neck.
I got mine at 21. The ex wife would have had me snore instead of wear it for years.
@christyfrink @stephenyeargin @El_Brandino I once hooked them up backward. Not recommended. #smoke  #smoke
The maid that’s really clumsy and breaks everything but tries her best so it’s difficult to hate her.
Honestly most people don't even drink enough water to come even close to sufficient levels of fluoride
@clarechampion @Westclarepage and peter your radio piece on off the ball was pure class , no digs , no revenge , a total balanced pro ! 👏👏👏
Beautiful. I really hope some justice is brought to these people.
Then, all hell broke loose.
As a Dolphins fan this hurts me
Peta killed a dog once, so peta is bad, so veganism is bad, so its ok to kill and eat billions of animals (including dogs)
Here in the UK I’m pretty sure I’ve never seen a taco
The monstrosity is gone.
I haven't been able to find my 9th in the recliner in 3 weeks... 10th time is the charm I guess
This is amazing and exactly how I feel about him. I love [NAME] and [NAME] but this is why Nuge is my favourite NUGE IS HUUUUUUUGE
He had a large going away party.
I recall hearing about minimum wage nearly ten years ago. Just learned Shanghai’s is only 2,500+? Ridiculous.
Completely disgusting.
The pain for the victims just goes on and on. He was outrageously vile to the end as he continued his efforts to flip the narrative.
So, I am from a science background and analyze everything skeptically.
Your logic is pretty messed up and the pos assumption has zero to do with this. Centralized mining will cripple the ability to fight censorship.
Toughest shit I’ve experienced never been in love like this before but a few beverages and some time I’ll be all good, thanks bro!
It is so crazy to me that people unironcally use “kicks their trash”. I guess they just don’t want to swear.
I'm curious though, will they upvote it to own the ~~libs~~ [NAME]?
> I don't understand why a reasonable person would perceive it as being objectively mean. Simply put, journalists are not reasonable people.
Oh, I realized that moments after rolling down my window, when his hand came through the space.
Take him to a family holiday and I'm sure your family will do all of the work to hint that you guys should get married.
At my job I can/Do get laid a lot so the second one!!
We grew pretty close.
Thank you. It was just an idea that popped up that I figured I could ask here before proceeding with getting actual legal advice
Ah brilliant, thanks for sharing that. It does indeed look promising. Shame no mention of Lethals possibly but oh well =]
Yea I think I'm in that on Fetlife but was looking for something specifically on Reddit.
Which is why the floor ruling was incorrect if it happened as he says.
As the global wealth concentrates into fewer and fewer hands, I for one, welcome our neo-feudalist world order.
Well no matter what her bio says, if you are ugly, you are done for.
Last night [NAME].
There are a few. I've gotten a couple messages. Thanks for the support but people judging my throwaway account... who cares?
Good call. Run!
It's hard to not cheer for team North America since US got taken out.
Great, another article from a guy who thought making [NAME] the head coach was the answer.
...i love [NAME] for what she did/does for her [NAME]. ...also, would like to see some of the work that comes out of the collective
Oh. For real? I stand corrected then. I haven't encountered that before. 🤷🏻‍♀️
First: Easier to implement blanket policies! Second: Can partner with hotels to charge quarantine fees! Third: Claim it’s for epidemic control!
I mean who cares, this show isn’t built for perfection. It’s built for comedy.
Man I want AD but I love OG ::(( guess we gotta sacrifice eh...
@WYSdaily I'm confident they will NEVER experience our successes of last 50yrs. Best they can hope for is to be another Bournemouth #sad #sad
Work Sept 18–22 (5 days), rest 23, work 24–28 (5), rest 29–Oct7 (9), work Oct8–13 (6). Not bad. I recall 2008 Spring Festival — 9 straight workdays, I was totally drained.
At the point today where if someone says something remotely kind to me, a waterfall will burst out of my eyes
Update: I have yet to hang out with @MisElizaJane, but I'm still hopeful! #optimism #optimism
Deer getting hit by snow plows (very messy).
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @brooks_swaggysquad #lively #musically #lively #musically
Happy cake day [NAME]
I have over 120 hours of play time and only have like 27 achievements 🤤😭
Shai-Hulud! Bless the maker and his water
I agree with that sentiment. But Doordash is not a job worth doing. I worked for less than minimum wage all summer.
Very nice.
@Owlman2011 @charitypricey @jon_newsome @PRAWNSANDOWl @smith_alister @MikeConnelly9 average 22000 for the massif...
Looks like emotionally and physically beating the shit out of his wife and children was not wasted then.
Even "not allying with Dems any longer" ME thinks this involvement is a good idea...
Show me where jokes about (real) murdered children was acceptable in the past.
An especially large comfortable shirty [NAME] wear. It's annoying though because people get jealous of how comfy you are so they climb in your shirt.
No. We wouldn’t have enough room to play them all and each of them would add like 10-15 mill in luxury tax. EACH.
I'm not sure why [NAME] would care about the backstop. Maybe he just wants to rile up the Tories.
And there I was blaming the poor black lads
Seems like you took a hard side in the previous 3 comments. Hypocrite much?
wow, there really is “somethin” for everyone ...
We are doomed
@thealexpeace Not bad at All, think may come back to haunt you's
@nerdist How cool would it be if @StephenByrne86 animated the scene
I’m just going to keep sipping my tea 😔
So satisfying chucking a spear and getting a few guys with one throw. Also I loved the bow in this game
It's better to say a moment like that could truly ignite her love for the game rather than putting a bit of a damper on it.
got enough rubies 😁 librals wouldn't know what saving is even if it hit them in the face! 🇺 🇸😎🇺 🇸
We know blocking [NAME] was [NAME] choice because he said it was.
Suck Fat Women.
More like a baptism, with sexy results!
"and [NAME], this is [NAME]" "Oh hi, nice to meet you, what do you do?"
I love this. Now I'm craving tacos in the morning.
I’m gonna stand here and watch you smoke every one of those cigarettes! Maybe that’ll teach you a lesson.
Should I watch this? Will it aggravate me?
Laughed. Out. Loud
that was an ugly 5v3
She is awesome and totally not Bride-zilla-y at all.
Chill man, I didn’t see anything concerning [NAME] on here before that’s all.
She should sell some on Etsy!
They’re just insecure tbh
#Followback Quote_Soup: Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything. #optimism #followback #optimism
But you’re so so loved! Please find some to talk to! I hope you can overcome this sad part of life.
Stop whatever you think is pushing you away. You are the one in control not [NAME].
FOR THE PEOPLE
I live in that District. I vote [NAME], watch her kicked [NAME] ass(4 time). She's got this.
Yea its really dissapointing
Liking you is like fireworks rising — tiny sparks bloom in every corner of my heart, crackling bright.
Father [NAME] does a good or a bad job of it is that most of this country with Nazism.
Who will rid me of these meddlesome Golden Knights?
The fact that she told you your sex life is over is insane to me.
[NAME] has turned into one of the NBA's great actors
She looked bisexual dammit!
I wonder what American city will be next to protest about police shootings. Who's next? Smh. #whenwillitstop  #howmanymoretimes #whenwillitstop #howmanymoretimes
Cmon blues we are 2 home games away from another CC semi - I love those Wembley away days. Being on anyone at home please! ⚽
I just hope a GM believes in [NAME] as much as this Raptors fan. Maybe [NAME] could give us something valuable to get this future MVP back.
The towns under the county are even worse — using one-size-fits-all policies. Even when the epidemic wasn’t serious, they kept forcing shops to close, driving street vendors away. Ordinary people can barely make a living, the towns are deserted, businesses can’t run. Some leaders are really something — not only do they fail to boost the local economy, they make people’s lives harder. Hope higher authorities take notice.
Well, you stopped coming on CV. Now I am left alone to fend off Agent debaters.
Self serving cowards.
For some reason I'm reminded of this
Yeah fuck all of them down votes xD instantly had this run through my head when I saw the post. One of my favorites as well...
Are you a [NAME] main hiding from the other survivors in a locker?
you make my heart shake, bend and break.'
I was born in caul but my psychic powers haven't come in yet. :(
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @thebrandonrobert #lively #musically #lively #musically
Thanks, I hate it
@KarenL109 replace the carpet!! #shocking !!!! #shocking
No thanks?
Well, this is cheery. #MrRobot #mrrobot
I love the Nets
I did rank them above protista.
lol out loud
Trae making sure the traetors don't make fun of his 3pt%
Aw it’s so nice of OP’s mom to take care of these cubs.
Yes!! THANK YOU. I’m happy the point of this story was not lost among all.
@AiringOutMyScro \n\n'We'll see, once you're a few drinks in.' \n\nA playful wink is passed to him and, as they pull up into the small lot of -
The best answer is simply don’t do it. Having said that, good luck my friend.
Wow talk about strength!
Happy 69th @StephenKing! May u keep haunting us for many years. #horror #writing #horror #writing
enjoy that vodka, [NAME]
4.about 4 years old, sitting on the couch in my basement eating an orange flavor ice.
I really miss AG
Stay there it’s been good luck
yeah [NAME] can eat glass, that guy fuckin sucks
I really can’t understand why adopting a baby would not be perfect for them. But that might be because I dont have the child-need myself.
Thought I was...it boomeranged on me and I am suffering immeasurably right now. Thanks and I hope your day was good.
And the douche social media obsessed guy who left the used condom on the side table!
[NAME] doesn’t use it & had the highest SAUG k/d at Vegas. Definitely isn’t “poop” without it lol.
He wants to be free to hit on other women. He may not take it any farther but that’s what it looks like to me.
I wish ne all the luck in the world
If I ever need a good laugh, I watch the apology video.
Funny part is There ISNT a wall (but maybe should be) and there ARE already plenty of "Sensible" Gun laws
I love truck drivers!!
Thank you for highlighting this. No wall. DACA is (almost certainly) fine for another year.
At this point, I doubt it's ever going to end. The right moment to do it was with AC III.
Your #smile is a messenger of your good will. #smile
Throwback to [NAME] tweeting about how bad it was that [NAME] was in a punk band in college
Not related, but now I wonder how Delta would have done on the hair ball challenge
I just realized — lately, I kept seeing people pulling others into “epidemic info groups” on Weibo. So that’s where they were planning trouble.
@_BlueCouture The hilarity of you people not realising that racism is racism regardless of whether one uses choice words is hilarious.
I have and it didn't help. It's only a matter of time now for how long I can hold on.
It does lol If you delete it off your phone it wouldn’t trace your estimated location unless it’s active on it
14 and im quite good at makeupmaxxing and tall so people (especially adults) always tell me i look 16-25 :(
I'd just feel less out of place, I guess. My SA makes me feel like I'm so behind my peers in terms of a social life
Well. That's your belief. I know you and the next cant tell me how to raise mine so I'm not worried about all that.
Agreed sis. But I was just annoyed at that point and wanted to get laid. Didn't happen though. Oh well. Thanks!!
praise be to the dark mother!
You poor thing. I’m sorry that it’s going like that for you.
[NAME] needs to come in now. There will be so much space for him
I mean idk everyone else I know knows but I just feel this identity is right for me
Sorry, an errant surge of frustration
How close a friend ? Acquaintance friend.. close friend.. close to someone else in the band ?
You dont need elected officials to have power when you have the people on your side.
Oh I forgot some people aren't able to pick it up
Thank you [NAME] master
We don't lmao. Anything with humans will have the same problems.
Hangry is real and it comes with a horrible vengeance at fast food places and restaurants
I’m 12 years older than my brother, basically his nanny now. My family favors boys, and honestly I’m sick of it. When he grows up, we’ll probably have no relationship at all.
Sounds racist, fetishistic, sexist, and objectifying.
Ooh, I wanna be [NAME]!
Today I saved lots and lots of people from being raped by me. Now I really *do* feel created in [NAME] image.
I can't help but agree with the headline at the bottom, bright side (the YouTube channel) is annoying.
No, it's hard to come by!
My whole life’s been a lie
35k? That's just crazy. Mine was less than 2k, and that includes the wedding dress.
Hey @AppleSupport, would be nice to have “click to pause” or “pause when window inactive” on animated GIFs for macOS Messages app
Step one is done! Now just to get rid of the rest of the incompetence here.
You do realise that a toilet lid doesn't make the toilet air tight, so the toxic poo ridden air you're so worried about would still escape.
Definitely the second.
Oh my [NAME].
I can see why you’ll never be in a leadership position.
Did anybody else noticed the mom right at the end hand gesturing the boy annoyingly as if it had been his fault?!
I’ll check again
Must not hit opponents on the first frame then. My mistake
That would be rough my dude, cops are trained to aim for center mass.
You can make excuses or you can make time. You can't make both. #time #regret #anxiety #LifeCoach #time #regret #anxiety #lifecoach
> Religion Lol the cowardice that you won't say '[RELIGION]'.
Baaarissshhhhh + sad song =  prefect night — feeling alone
(He probably passed at least 15 people).
What a (morbid) analogy - I like it!
Great post, glad you had a good time here. Xpost it to r/travel.
I do enjoy my lawn. 😁
this made me stop subconsciously breathing and now I can't stop thinking about it
No-no-no-noooo Besides, [NAME] is not a bachelor. He is so in love with himself already
Never played there but it seems Portland Meadows might be the spot.
I feel sorry for people that think Reddit (or even some random sub-reddit) is "an international stage".
Even then, the commentor could have gotten the joke and was just being dead pan.
What's the deal with [NAME]? I haven't heard much about him lately.
It’s amazing what can happen when they get a good nights sleep
Art degrees are useless! Now excuse me while I go watch a Pixar movie. /s
FoX cHaNnEl BaD!!!!!
West Hartford, CT. Unfortunately it's not religious. Thank you for the response.
I was petrified, he looked really calm.
[NAME] was better at converting 3rd and 5+ than 3rd and <5 before his injury in 2015.
That's a great idea!
No way, man. We're gonna keep on rockin' forever. Forever. Forever. Forever...
@PARISDENNARD why should I listen to someone with a tie like that? #awful #awful
I had to chord with my thumb.
I wish this was on Betfair, I'd quite enjoy making some money from Remainers.
#ukedchat A4 Just go outside (or to the gym hall) and play! \n #education  #learning #ukedchat #education #learning
It’s comments like these that always make me question whether or not technology is a curse.
She was probably suspended to protect her from the angry mobs protesting outside the school edit: here's a better article
Please don’t! Don’t stop fighting! I made it through NY you can too, we all can x
Can we at least look like we’re trying
You have sound advice. Thank you. Another issue I have is this is an entire state away from us. A minimum 4 hour drive.
Who brings a gun to a middle school in the first place? This kid was not right.
When I drove refers I was always afraid this would happen to me. I always shut my doors I'm just a worrier
Haha not in those words, but I did say it was dramatic and unreasonable.
Today was horrible and it was only half a day
And there's good reason for that. The SD is absolute shit
thank you so much we do in fact [NAME]
Same clothes and the door is black on the other side - looks so real!!
Sorry man. I didn’t know you were on reddit. Didn’t mean to steal your stuff! I totally would have tagged you
SHE DESERVES TO BE TRULY HAPPY. LEAVE HER [NAME].
I was gonna report for hate but then I realized...
Thank you for the tip. I've added it to my "to read" list.
Not a single soul.
Hey fellow conservative, you seem concerned.
They look purple on my screen. But yes, tacky.
@maritzabuys666 Looks wonderful!!!  Wish it was my cock tho!!!  😍
If nothing was said and you can be engaged all day tomorrow then I wouldn’t worry.
Just tried and I was able to register it. I got the first Juul from the same place too and that charger worked fine
it's not gatekeeping if it's true
I miss mass Rez her new ult is horrendous
Nervous for [NAME]. He’s my all time fave. I wish he would stay retired and stay a legend
Pacific Daydream but with the instrumentation of this album would’ve been way better now that I’m hearing this
You fool! Now look what you've unleashed!
People from low-risk zones should return home freely—forced quarantine is unjust! It’s malicious law enforcement—what’s the point?
Nah, I know why I am depressed, and I'm sorry to say it has nothing to do with you.
Exactly. I thought charcoal would be same like graphite pencil. I need to learn more of this stuff. Thanks for criticizing x)
Thank you. I needed someone else to say it. The unnecessary misgender as a parting shot wasn't my favorite either.
I actually like the progression of the [NAME] story. I think he has a chance to have a fantastic arc between FC5 and New Dawn.
I forgot it’s Saturday r/trees :) If you read the rules you get this
Before you get too excited remember the human Officer is there to help his doggy partner.
Be content — at least it aired. Why hasn’t it been released after six years of state effort?
@MJPWGaming exactly not some flaming reject from fast and furious
The customer’s a jerk but you’re really not very clear here.
Your name is amazing
@bolain_branden @GrimsToyShow grim should find broken Matt hardy because he can delete everything lol
@jamiesmart Huh! It's always my fault isn't it &gt;:(  #sulk #sulk
Being ugly at some point in your life doesn't mean you deserve death.
[NAME] i want to slap the shit out of her
Actually I love cooking and good burgers but if I don't love **you**, you'll have to pay me to make one.
Yep. That will do it. Glad to hear the message finally sank in. Rehabilitation is the key to fighting recidvism.
I am always ready to #smile. #smile
We had some sparkling apple in our ICU tonight as well! Happy new year!
to shake and my mouth was chattering and I couldn't take right because all of my body was trembling so I went outside
Oh no she was only 17 years old and 11 months she's just a child!! Videos kinda cringy though I guess but not because of that
Wonder how that brother or cousin excuse works when Lus have no brothers or male cousins
Who filmed and uploaded the “malicious return” video? That was an internal meeting — everyone there was the county chief’s colleague. Do you know how many want your seat? To install their own people? “Three years as an official, ten thousand silver taels” — who wouldn’t covet such a lucrative post?
It's so weird having HGs up this early, but I love having something to watch before my 8am lecture starts.
>Many of these jobs are necessary for society That's where you are wrong
He is still serving time in prison for drug trafficking.
How do u grieve someone who legally wasn't a person yet?
When dunking is your only offensive move you will be efficient. Hope he gets stronger and learns to not be in foul trouble.
Good thing the lions no longer run a true 4-3
You're very welcome. You do, and I hope (for your sake and especially for your daughters') that things work out for you all.
I don't care it's amazing there lol
Ouch. Those geriatric insults are the most spot on, aren’t they? That and during my peds rotation.
Sounds fancy, is there any in flight entertainment?
#smile #instagramers : #Selfie#BestMeSelfie#Me#Smile#BestMeCameraIsGreat#EmojiGrid#LikeforLike#Friend#Girl#Boy#Tattoos#Family#6Pack#G... #smile #instagramers #selfie
OMG, my two favorite franchises and the two best girls!!
Yeah I know day of the dead is real thing but they way [NAME] portrayed it was so much better than anything I've seen
I can't believe [NAME] is considered an mua and he can find match his foundation lmao
It’s a nice basket.
That’s awesome news! Welcome to the family!
I don't know how everyone is falling for this lmao. Cringing a bit.
Gonna give up your best friend for a g huh? I'm glad we aren't friends.
It was a painful cringe, too. Are we masochists?
He reminded me more of [NAME] last year. His lumbering skating this year makes him look different.
I have to imagine the camera lens part is utter BS.
america is pretty much the least class-conscious country in the world so it shouldnt be a surprise. everyone thinks that one day theyll be management so its cool
You want me to go searching around for that? I'm good. I'll just assume you're wrong because of the way you type.
I was wrong so I'm just going to pretend I don't care.
There’s a lot of us ladies here, unfortunately 😔
if my legs looked as good as the dude in the red, i'd be rocking shorts like that too
Congratulations on your relationship! I got a girlfriend too! She is imaginary right now but hopefully she will materialize soon enough!
Welcome to the hype train. hahhaha
Wow that feels like discrimination against the poor [NAME] kind.
Not really cringey. Its not really embarrassing for you i think people might just feel bad upon reading it.
If I had a little bit of extra money I would blow the whole paycheck and go to one of the two of @KygoMusic's concerts in LA. #serious #serious
what to wear Friday \nspeaking in front of 100's.   #nervous #nervous
Yeah the non guarenteed packs are really the worst. I think I did 2/20 on those.
Define abuse. People can down vote as they see fit but it doesn't mean it has to ruin your day.
Morelos is an animal plain and simple. He has been consistently endangering players for far too long.
Best of luck with your new religion.
Had to dress up as something but I’ve changed Idea for now
same- just about to recommend this book. it's a fantastic review of rheum disease states, diagnoses, treatments, etc.
[NAME] do not have a profound love of mayo, where did you get that idea?
I prefer to use a welding torch. I like the ozone and ultraviolet clean feeling and smells. Never have to wash the sheets either.
@childctweets sad people are that sick and boring 😬😬😬
This post is not going to age well.
You want to fix them. You can’t. This was a hard life lesson for me to learn. I also am a giant loser magnet.
Cheese *noun* 1. That cheese shit they put on pizza.
FIDLAR dropped their new album today (yesterday?). It is certainly...different. But I'm enjoying it all the same
I had a basketball coach who shattered his hand at halftime of a game doing that.
She’s the sister of the [NAME] that killed [NAME] brother!
No worries. Have a nice day.
What a fucking moronic jackass. "This is what happened with my piece of shit dad so you have to experience it too"
Lol they were trying so hard to get that viral
@MrsCassonC @15_jordyn WAS THERE A CLOWN IN YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD?  #creepy #EnoughIsEnough #creepy #enoughisenough
Are you really that brain dead.....idiot!!!
Thanks for your addition! I didn’t know any mercy players who made good content for her so I left her out. Appreciate it!
Oh okay. Thanks.
@shimian lol. DK has actually dropped from top of the table, surprisingly Arms Warrior is top of the DPS at the moment #shocking #shocking
Translation: "I have no argument so here's a rude comment".
Doubt is an integral part of faith. Dont worry, it will help you in the long run
This is like the third repost of this. But yes, very sad indeed.
Never let the sadness of your past ruin your future
No man. Door wins!
tRuLy A wOrK oF wOnDeR
You’re no welcome then. Get aff reddit.
Never let facts get in the way of a good story.
See him live if you haven’t already. One of my favorites to see in concert.
I'm a [NAME]. FIVE HUNDRED TWENTY FIVE THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED RHINESTONES!!! Edit: hmmmm
What...? That’s some real mental gymnastics to justify him assaulting her
Ugh I live in WA state and now I'm scared I'm going to get measles even though I'm vaccinated, I hate anti-vaxxers
Beyoncé resentment gets me in my feelings every time. 😩
Sorry to say OP but it seems his IQ is indeed higher than yours.
It’s good to see that all the [NAME] are relatively old, meaning they will all eventually die out.
Just joined #pottermore and was sorted into HUFFLEPUFF 😡😡😡  #pottermore
Ah. Ok. I get it. Have an upvote.
100% feel for you. I may be exaggerating slightly but still it’s all these little disadvantages that we get put at because of this ping.
Beat me to it. Just because the news makes it seem like there is a pandemic of school shootings, it is exceedingly unlikely to happen.
Lol you're so close to getting it, dude. So close.
Do you make a point of letting everyone know you don’t believe in [NAME] every time you see a religious reference? Or just this one?
Thanks! Will give them a call!
They also have the best lemon bars!
my neck is reversed.
@FullTimeDEVILS Memphis looking bright. Rojo looking like Rojo.
Neat stuff!
Don't self-diagnose. Talk to a medical professional and check for known diseases that may cause depression (hashimoto's comes to mind).
I didn't even cringe at this, I unironically love doggo mems
Wrapped In This Burrito, Gotta Sweat This All Out 😰
I love chicken
up shut fuck the
I live in Baltimore and heard she will have an office out of here. Any details on how I can volunteer for her campaign?
Honestly, that’s wife material. Get on that!
It’s a terrible thing when someone who doesn’t let themselves laugh has a reddit account
It'll be the first game of the day!
It buoyed up my heart.
THERE ARE NO CHIPS IN THIS PICTURE.
My friend and I were walking home from school as per usual as we lived close to each other and this was the normal routine.
I honestly really think tumblr should’ve gotten rid of everything but legal porn
This guy is desperate to be a victim everyone. We can't fix him.
I hate people using the [NAME] to look “deep” on instagram posts like that. It gets on my nerves so much
TIL I learned there are no drugs or violent incidents in prisons.
If they're not spending this year on [NAME] or [NAME], I have no faith for them to spend on big free agents in the near future
I love this movie! One of my favorite little touches is the music [NAME] character is listening to
Look I'm not saying that I agree with them, theres no need to be an asshole
I was so hyped after the zach shot, I'm still crying
Interesting, hopefully somebody might be able to provide you an answer.
You sound like you have a warped view of what makes someone strong and an overblown, distorted sense of your own masculinity.
Happy Cake Day Baby!!!❤️❤️❤️
No, if you haven’t watched the show, don’t make random examples. Li Xiang is a corrupt cop (the show claims he did it to take down Zhao Lidong, but in reality, no officer would go undercover without reporting it; if they did, they’d still face punishment). It wasn’t his choice to die together — Gao Qisheng chose that.
Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you.
[NAME] man hope your luck changes soon. I’m sure they’ll patch it up in the future
Neither of them have the IQ for true narcissism!! Stop insulting the intelligence of narcissists [NAME]!
This is much better! Good mods [T]/
As one of the greatest Presidents of our time, who stared down globalist trash and made them blink.
Let their deaths be swift
Don't worry dude. The ladies could never see it if you remain to be a virgin and keep your pants up.
This isn’t a left vs right issue People say stupid things. Both the left and the right
This gave me a laugh on this shity day thank you
I don’t give a F F the haters F all the haters Much love, no hate Machines within, machines within
Remember the farm-ette?
If you find it I'm definitely sending it to my sibling. There's a special love for the weird in my family
Wow... One of my dads top favorite throwback rappers just died in a fiery car crash today in Atlanta, so sad so sad 😷😷
You don't hand your baby to perfect strangers in public. You keep them close and mitigate exposure to the best of your ability.
Last year was also the first time we drafted a lineman before round three since [NAME], so I think the earlier look at linemen was needed haha
I fell like you're being willfully ignorant of reality.
At least you can admit you missed it
holy crap that's messed up.
Come on, this would be funny with a better caption.
ok thanks alot :), just extremely weird VAC bans are less harsh than throwing for Skins. lol
Situation in chess where it is better not to move or you will end up in a worse position is called Zugzwang.
I love Rocket Love and Blasted. I just wonder who the songs were written for because these are all reference tracks except Acura Intergul
What would be the best place to search for teammates then
@amymarsden_wtf I'm as pure as the driven snow after it's been pissed on by multiple rabid dogs
I guess this is place where we are thankful for Microsoft complexity.
Get some colloidal silver and put that in your eye so it doesn’t get infected!!!
Yes! I used to do this all the time actually, especially go to the mall alone. It was actually really nice.
“Lol that’s Sammie coates replacement not minds take it how you want to I am back”- [NAME] - AB
Middle Eastern here and watching this team lose due to silly mistakes at 3-4 am kills me
Haha I've never seen a BritSovcit video but now I'm gonna have to check some out
Can Weibo stop pushing such trending topics? You know the comments will soon bash celebrities. Everyone knows these “task posts.” Why not promote tributes for Wenchuan victims instead?
The table actually hit her in the back of the thighs, breaking her fall in the process. She was probably fine long-term
This is how Dayz is meant to be, very nice story!
Look I'm not saying I don't understand your sentiment but we really ought to save this one for people openly advocating for genocide.
Love this! Laughing while crying works too! #katherinemansfield #failure #laughter #dealingwithfailure #katherinemansfield #failure #laughter #dealingwithfailure
What exactly is the point of stating something as being a “right aligned opinion” then?
Praying!!
Asuelu nailed it.
A persons opinion doesn't offend me at all
This isn’t the first time, right? I can’t understand why the railway authority is always tough on locals but submissive to foreigners.
@realDonaldTrump She blamed Benghazi on a YouTube video. She blamed emails on #ColinPowell. Now she blames #terrorism on you. #weakHillary #colinpowell #terrorism #weakhillary
Didn’t notice but yeah he probably was in some prison gang that they don’t want shown.
17f CF to the core here. I never thought of having kids once in my life! No kids for me
Bake off on TV and the Match on my phone, what a nightmare I'm so stressed #GBBO #NTFCVMUFC #gbbo #ntfcvmufc
The ending was thrilling! Lines didn’t even match lips, yet delivering this finale under censorship — The Knockout is the ceiling of anti-crime dramas.
Candice's standing pout face aggravates me every week
i just spent $40 on big little sis tomorrow and i am beyond happy about it #SAW #mirth #mums #saw #mirth #mums
You contradicted yourself
Yes, that is exactly what happened.
Zhang Wenhong said 96% of Omicron cases are asymptomatic, only 4% show symptoms — milder than a cold.
Don't faint. New Cisco IOS vulnerabilities were announced yet again. What would be shocking? If they’re patched this week by users.
How to pretend to be the woman who had her face ripped off by Travis the chimp
Glad to see you guys are treating him well
Don’t blame us because you’re a dumbass..
Thank you. [NAME] killed it, earned his spot. Love my packers but sometimes people in this sub are ridiculous
I’m gay, so let’s hope this works! I look better clean shaven lmao. Thanks!
Thank you!! This is so helpful
Ive seen that move no less than 5 times and I still get irrationally angry at the Harvard rich kid
Wow damn this some good words
Is that why I didn't like the show? Am I too happy?
Lol Jets Skills Comp got taken down due to Copyright
Thanks friend. I will change everything around here I promise.
How dare you not find domestic abuse funny! /s
Liu Xin misunderstood everything — apology and payment remind her “a life was lost for you.” Using her own earnings gives meaning. Asking donations erases that. Without suffering, she’ll never grasp Jiang’s pain.
Good lord, that 'chandelier' made entirely out of antlers is pretty ridiculous 👀
Hot girls get horny too.
Why dont you go complaint about USA 75% deforestation?
I sat up in bed, looked around the room and saw nothing.
Glad we aren't all like you , the world would have sucked
I was scrolling through and thought “who is [NAME]...” for a minute before I remembered. It was the best 10-20 seconds of my life lol.
This guy used to be so good. I looked forward to his comics every week. Now, I couldn't care less about him. Complete economic illiterate.
cause they want people to know there relvant again
Except that was days ago. 🙄
This. Its not uncommon for [NAME] at all. The world seems to be paying attention more now and thats the only difference.
I handed him the Ipod he just moved on, I felt the blood dripping down my nose.
It's good if you hate workers and love pollution
Absolutely hate the Apple Watch iOS 10 update. Completely buggered some of my apps, including Spark. Awful interface, too. #grim #grim
I'm so proud of this community
Most FBI agents never fire their weapons and spend more time looking at excel sheets, lol
I didn't delete it. Your moderators did. But that's what [NAME] do, they
You probably can. They're shit at hurling.
@DonnyMurray I'm just no offended by stuff.We're gettin a situ where folk moan about the Polis/SNP but then happy to snitch when offended...
[NAME] damn I love [NAME].
My ego is pretty ok. My fun-o-meter is a little off and needs calibration probably, though.
> The bedrock principle of representative government is that “the people” do not decide issues, they decide who shall decide. Very much this.
It has to get better. Hang in there!
I would get up and gently wake the guy-he could have broken his jaw-
Oh my bad I starting typing before you posted it
Thanks man I appreciate that! I just feel like I'm in a tailspin of not being good enough and idk how to get out of it
I mourn the creativity lost.
This is the proper timing
My point was that it’s creepy. I never said it was illegal.
Do communists believe in private property?
Start taking psyllium husk and literally every poop will be your best.
You're going NOWHERE! Edit: [NAME]
If everyone keeps kindness and does one good deed daily, people, families, and society will be peaceful. Sometimes laugh at others, sometimes let others laugh at you—relax, spread joy. Littering creates bad karma; picking up builds merit.
I hate this.
It’s funny how people use one good game to dismiss an argument against a player. They do the same thing with [NAME].
Thank god, you're right. At least this idiocy didn't stick around long.
Thank you! You're right. It's all about survival
Lol my ex loved [NAME] binged trough all seasons.
Well, supposedly [NAME] wrote TPM in only a couple days, and people hated it.
my god quit getting blocked
His takeover run out haha
Really??
And [NAME]. That dude sucks.
Don’t feel bad for playing Minecraft, it’s still a great game and is starting to get kinda popular again.
For most people after 4 to 5 hours it gets up to the full resolution
Needs to justify her position with her world-class counter negotiation skills...
It's because men feel entitled to date young and slim women but when a woman dates tall, dark haired guys they get ballistic.
You deserve the same love. Those things are still true with you. You deserve love too.
I don't want speak front to him   #nopanicattack #nopanicattack
Refreshingly low upvote/downvote ratio.
That boy ain’t right
No you basically throwing him under the bus by posting him here.... fake natty suspicion 100%
Maybe some people are just lucky to have an amazing connection to [NAME]
I mean, if you are inclined... Just mind not to screw the campaign up for the other players.
I'm sad that you are against abortion. Can I drop my unwanted baby off at your door ?
London sure seems to be a hotspot of brazen theft these days. Jeez.
Obviously because libtards cant read big paragraphs. We need them to be broken up like that or we wouldnt be capable of understanding his super smart answer.
That's just, like, your opinion, man
I've probably watched it more than you have.
[NAME] TAKE MY HEART
Just rough situations all around for Schalke and Werder Bremen to start the campaign. Bremen dashed late with a new manager. Both with 0.
Wow crazy. Proud of her
[NAME] out? [NAME] is losing his mind!
This lady argued with me for wanting a 0 guard on the side for my fade. Walked out.
TIL [RELIGION] are the second biggest religious group in Arizona...I'm starting to see why it's been red for so long.
Yes, and it's also possible to have sex without involving a dom/sub dynamic.
No kill, only hug
Haha, I feel that
The greatest of all deals.
I don't talk about politics because people nowadays get offended easily!
you give him way too much credit with this one
I was going to ask the same thing! There are dozens of us!
It was tragic back then—the whole nation fought to save lives. Today we mourn deeply, and survivors must stay strong and improve quake preparedness.
I don't like football but the 10 minutes of actual football has been pretty entertaining so far
Oh no [NAME] bb what is you doin?
Everyone was rather distraught, as he was widely liked and respected.
This is the type of response I give people that are toxic in Rocket League. They're just fake and cowards lol
This gives me anxiety and heartburn just looking at it!
Montreal is a beautiful city
Thank you very much. Follow up question what is a suura?
But what will complaining, pessimism, regret, and anger get you?
Too bad that's not the case. I'm happy I'll one day die.
The Angels should recruit him. (only a bit /s)
They have THE BEST tortillas too. Made right in front of you. Mmmmmm!
And that concludes this post of random news from my neck of the woods!
Wolf and her dog ❤️
That's the best treasure I could every hope to find
Do not use logic dude. Not cool.
Like he really just fucking asked me that. #offended #offended
It doesn't justify singling one guy out when the whole team played bad. Even [NAME] had a bad game.
Unfortunately no one usually fights for their rights without a martyr
It’s 2019 dude chill out with the gender roles Edit: it’s 2019 I’m tired sorry
It honestly sounds like he has some type of addiction to games. Reminds me a lot of my ex.
I think they might be! I'll let her know - thank you :)
Not a completely awful birthday, but my worst.
Plus the idea of a choose your own adventure movie is absolutely exciting and brings more chances to go back through
Water? Find a way to keep your temperature down.
He's so intimidating...
Happy Birthday!! It was great seeing her at the Royal Rumble and SmackDown.
I really hope for it to fail miserably, so we can all agree on the sequel trilogy never happened.
Always felt like this match would go 5. Come on [NAME]!
This isn't uplifting. This is *enraging*. This is what the government should be doing not nine-year-old fucking children.
I just don't know whether to believe if this is achieveable at this age.
Lol this cant be possible.hey thanks for the link and info! I'll look into it!
You are not well-informed. Their policy is in accordance with language used in ITS OWN platform, not elsewhere. So no.
This man has a great attitude!
.....still thinking of something.....
Hahaha for real..
I haven’t been keeping up with MHA, but this seems like a real bad idea
Putting any human on the same level as [NAME] is sacrilegious and you should be ashamed for spreading such blasphemy.
Well what's that old saying, those who can do, do. Those who can't teach.
DJ finding consistency makes me happy
@TiburonChamber plus a hearty pour of #yachtrock by #mustacheharbor ! #yachtrock #mustacheharbor
I want to taste their tears
Me too, got off real good.
If this is true 2020 is done. We won't have control of the presidency or Congress for decades.
I could hardly believe that after all this time, after so many seasons spent reaping despair, he was finally here, in my arms.
That's actually kinda funny. Just hoping you don't ask for a transfer to the women's facilities.
Never forget that 5Live cancelled programs, to allow them to extend 606 so people could call in and detail their outrage after our behaviour
Ah, thank you :D
I love how this is worded.
Damn this is dope
I liked it better when [NAME] was half naked
I also got this on a different account, but I have no clue why! Does anyone know?
@wowairsupport it world be great if the live support was actually helpful
Ikr... it’s a sin in itself to use [NAME] to instil fear and hate, [NAME] is love not hate and he loves all of us
Then [NAME] insults [NAME] and he cries
We have 9 home games which is awesome.
Stop virtue signaling.
I mean clearly it's because they don't understand the pricing for babies/young children on the black market.
This may be the first thing I've seen on here that actually made me laugh instead of just an amused nasal exhalation.
Thanks for the explanation. I got out pre marriage and always wonderd if it would have got worse if we had got married
He wanted to make a fake foul.he didn't know it was nacho
That is really dumb. If you have a crime committed against you, you have a civic responsibility to report it. We need those stats.
Thank you. I appreciate the advice and I agree with what you said about therapy but I'll keep trying.
Been having the same barber for two years now and still don't know his name
That's even worse honestly
Are we not going to discuss the fact that his head is forming from the top of his ear
5,000 new US #citizens swearing in now! #tears #congratulations #citizens #tears #congratulations
@paulbushnell25 @EE bad news if ordered online it hasn't gone through same happened to me had to re order on the phone #furious #furious
I know a guy who knows a guy who gets things.
ah so youre the guy who shows up to the party with one goal, to yell at people when they don’t play by his own rules
Oh this poor sap
*Succession* was fantastic. *Barry* too
agreed, I am in a suburb, a HOA.....I love it here.
its a gloomy day, im cuddled in my bed watching brendon covering songs and i couldnt be more relaxed or happy 😋
That’s typical Wigs. Hot one game, cold the next three.
That was 1 scene and I think was more about her sense of powerlessness in the situation
7x04 for me, but I like the positivity. It was one of my best episodes of the season.
Hi [NAME]. Glad you are joining us and am looking forward to watching your episode. Did you do sleeve or rny? I am having rny in 2 weeks!
Everything is political, bub.
Tsunderes never work
Really I like the new fatalities
Throwback to when Khloe Kardashian was a host on The X Factor and she was fucking terrible at it
Now I really want to see them. Stupid brain!
Still not sure I understand the difference? Do they both not keep your makeup in place?
@realDonaldTrump You've spent more time and energy protecting Michael Flynn than your own son. You're a coward and an awful parent.
For some reasons [NAME] has never had a bad tank line... Runner is onto something
well you done did it lol
maybe they need Congress to pass a bill to make the music softer than the dialogue
Welcome home, sister (assuming from your username)! May [NAME] love always burn in your heart!
I usually see retarded stuff posted on this sub but yours takes the cake
Suddenly, the **average** block confirmation became an unchangeable API paramter? Wow. Just wow.
Don't live near Chicago but still have my winner from the Dec 21 game. Hope I can still use it when I'm back on the 27th.
@OnyxFlare25 She chuckles, shaking her head. 'No...I just have a really vivid imagination, I guess. It happens when you meet someone&gt;
And in some aren't permitted outside the home without a lawful, legitimate purpose.
Turns out the railway department has amazing service — we’ve all misjudged them. Truly “Touching China,” huh. (sarcasm)
Yay, just in time for the commute
That was a bad fastbreak lol
@vkon1 @WindyCOYS by all accounts he was poor first half. Started showboating once game was safe
Now remember, if something goes wrong, let's not get the law involved, one hand washes the other. Oh, that reminds me.
[NAME] definitely needs to be on the left side he has such a great shot that he's perfect as a [NAME] type player on the powerplay.
I had no idea this was a thing gas pumps could do. I've only ever seen ones you have to physically hold. This is mind blowing!
Is there an accepted definition of when one fart ends and the next one begins?
Oh [NAME] it's [NAME] against dinosaurs again
Instagram is the only one to blame for all this evil
That isn't normal or healthy. Stop obliging her obsession.
Crotch goblin has me in tears😂 totally gonna use that in the future now😂 thank you😂 r/rareinsults
Possibly cool idea not well thought out
I hope [NAME] has something cooking. I wanted [NAME] back
Saying that is like a parent telling their child “don’t come home with bad intentions.” Would the child hate the parents for it? Wouldn’t more children just run away from home to avoid being labeled malicious?
Iq designed by the military to see who would be the best pencil pusher subordinates
I want to be their friend
It's changing, slowly but surely. 20 years ago most people liked fur, now it's seen as cruel and unnecessary.
Just get him out of my sight I’m tired of losing and those who contribute to it
It’s always entertaining watching people in the background semi-dance, while being painfully aware that they’re on camera
[NAME]! He was just amazing, best contract ever, so sad when we lost him.
The truest.
Accept the challenges so that you can literally even feel the exhilaration of victory.' -- George S. Patton 🐶
And what about selling your precious mind creation to someone that doesn't deserve it?
Nothing gets past you!
@ExpressScripts u shd b embrrssd. u jack up my bp meds twice and it will still take 3-5 days? Not express at all. #expressscripts #horrible #expressscripts #horrible
Wow it's almost as if those losers have a lot of money or something else to leech off of.
Wow, I’m going to have to remember this one...
Stay strong. You've come this far. Keep going.
I thought [NAME] the apostle was *fantastic.* Seeing those early [NAME] suffering like that really drove home what a baby I am.
Couldn’t agree more with you. Thanks for this post!
Isn't it the same thing? Or at least equally bad?
Will do, thanks
It’s showing up on mobile aswell, the double slash is weird for me though, probably on his end
She's not more than 17. And I love teenage [NAME]. Don't want her adult.
T5ylw ansh a79l shy 7lw mn wayed nas fe whatsapp
They’re not hated for their ethnicity. They’re hated for their actions&behavior.
That's an excellent point. Who would be a good '[NAME]' for the Oilers?
Reywalker fans are setting themselves for another heartbreak then blame the director afterwards.
I'd of pushed the little brat into the puddle, assuming I hadn't smacked him with the book
No, he’s been with more women than I have been with men. He loves sex and has no problems with an erection.
Fair enough, I respect your perspective.
would you kiss a girl if you're drunk tho? Edit : why the downvotes? It's just a question, geez
Just found UPPERROOM a few months ago and really love them! All the rest are staples in my playlists too!!!
Whenever I'm feeling sad I will listen to monsta x and hug my teddy bear and I always feel better
He’d go down with a mysterious season ending injury
You care more about their actions in that case.
Reading this made me happy and I don't even know you. Keep doing your thing!🙌🏼
good to hear my man!
@happyandbashful @Teigngardener @CEVokins @gardengirllucy Don't provoke the Voke.
It’s definitely around in Eastern Nebraska. You can even get it at Runza.
I'm 100% sure you were punched in the face, but this was a good one
That's not true! Some of them are probably into watersports.
That's so sweet, you have good friends. How old did you turn that birthday?
/s, you forgot this.
That works for me, I am not hell bent on killing this person.
[NAME] and his supporters are the dumbest humans in the fucking galaxy. They should be locked up for their own safety.
And now Horse Armour is totally normal. In fact, Horse Armour is now extremely reasonably priced DLC, relatively speaking.
100%. Please ignore him. He's annoying af and survives off attention
No, he was hecka hungry and coming down to McDonald’s would mean being caught.
A lot of the tik tok meme songs actually😂. They really make me laugh and hyped at the same time haha!
I think they were just doing their job. Reporting what they saw. And yea that was the happiest I have seen [NAME]. Weird.
I’m not an Aub man. Check the flair.
I wish I can go 90 days challenge
Will the Party and government keep introducing favorable policies to support real estate?
Is this him?
I always walked in the grass, man. Am I weird?
Yeah, everyone goes through this phase during their Junior year of high school.
It does look good!
[NAME] is actually [NAME] real name.
Nope. You're a weirdo.
I'm surprised [NAME] let her post that.
You're being loyal to your mother, who's cheating, and betraying your dad, who's faithful. You might want to think about that.
You are right OP didnt think this 1 through
I once got one missing half a wafer. So delicious.
I hear you buddy. I rage so hard my jaws lock
I just hope [NAME] doesn't lose hope. Dudes got a great heart. But knowing our organization...
Arrogance of the highest order.
Because it's the one right that we hope to never need, at least in the sense of revolt or self defense.
I have another test tonight
You know, I’m something of a friend myself
I was just scrolling down and I screamed when I got to the feet
It would probably make inequality between countries worse though over a long term.
I always compared him to [NAME].
), and I've imagined an entire life for him, his family, and his friends.
I am just a regular guy. Maybe you guys should talk to a specialist....especially if you are trying to conceive. Good luck!
Wow! Now that's some propaganda we could use more of!
If you're in the Bay Area check out Flying Over Walls.
340:892 All with weary task fordone.\nNow the wasted brands do glow,\nWhilst the scritch-owl, scritching loud,\n#AMNDBots
Yeah I'd recommend it, definitely an easy watch
I'm full of envy. Would love to be on that sort of money! But I fail to see the problem with it.
That is by far too strong of a passive
It's hard for me to switch between english and spanish in the same sentence, sorry I'll try to improve in the future
Fast as [NAME] will carry me. Seriously uptown to downtown via Claiborne or broad isn’t that bad
It's ok I still have no idea how to add
They lived a good life! I honor them by using all their parts
This seems like a lot of work for so little payoff. The only thing that bothers me about this is that its not very funny.
You need to dump him
I went to the exhibit in Chicago some years ago. It’s absolutely stunning
I sighed heavily and flipped the blade in my hand, gently pressing the hilt to his forehead.
You spend most of your time here in the Rangers threads talking about how much you hate the huns. That's pretty weird as well.
Having a bowel movement, changing feminine product, doing makeup, etc. It really just depends on the situation. I loathe being rushed.
Idk about you but I will accept my easy win if a Tiandi or Shaolin spam their 400ms lights
But also the smell!! People go past KFC and say Mmmm I must get some lol
Total temple tourism. I have seen 3 friends on Facebook announce that they're going to Italy so they can attend.
Get an ultra balm if you want, it's amazing for cracks!
That’s my favorite insult ever
I heard your dad went into a restaurant and ate all the food in the restaurant and they had to close the restaurant.
Whoa! Very impressive. One of the better photos of Brisbane I've seen in a while.
This is why I love this subreddit.
The medical examiner's office was on-scene at the fire pit from the get-go......so far the investigations looks very different from the TH case.
sorry im deaf i can’t hear you
Thanks haha. I really do feel sorry for my friend here... At least the group he accidentally asked is pretty much all furries
Suddenly, a loud audible groan from every structural/civil engineer in Maryland that now have to deal with that bullshit :/
special for you my dude :)
I pirate anything I want to watch that is not on those platforms
[NAME] hated religions, [NAME] was [RELIGION].
Limiting the crypto withdrawl increases the panic
Natural selection, I love you.
You’re very right, I’m relieved I was free of this man before anything else happened. Thank [NAME]! And thanks for your kind words
Both [NAME] and [NAME] were broken up, so it wasnt cheating.
I love it when "bad" picks actually have fucking amazing ganks.
Because sending a defenceman to a 3v3 tournament is much better than one of the top goal scorers in the league right now.
I'm so glad my dog hasn't figured out how to jump the 6' fence.
Yeah I had android and was having difficulties but I was able to get it easily when using my gf's mac. Thanks!
I feel like you and i share a mind. I appreciate your creativity!
@Avanquest i have unsubscribed 3 times from your spam emails still coming? STOP THE EMAILS #avanquest #software  #avanquest #software
Boner. I'd have the weirdest boner.
Stupid pipe ruined a pretty good debut
Yaaaaaas! I need your curly hair routine!
Maybe it's better to start telling the truth and start actually being a father.
Tang Xiaolong’s role was superb — his fierce scene refusing the TV made me grit my teeth! I looked up the actor after — Lin Jiacuan looked familiar from war dramas but I never remembered his name. Now I will — great acting!
This is the kind of question that gets me more concerned on this sub
This has to be my favorite part of this article. WHAT DOES HE MEAN!?!?!
Sounds like a horror junkie in the making. Congrats dad, you’ll have a buddy to watch movies with in a year or two!
Excuse me?
Cool. Glad I'm not the only one who found it weird.
but I love your username
Don’t you just hate when they deforest the Sahara desert?
Keep pressuring the landlord. Threaten to sue them if they don't take care of the problem.
I don't particularly want an Eagles repeat either. Chargers, Colts or Chiefs would make me feel best. Then Rams and Saints.
I couldn't muster up the energy to read through it all. They're on a different level, and it's not a compliment.
Where's the love button
Hope [NAME] is ok to play but if he needs to rest that hand then that's what he should do...
You're far too sweet haha
Same. I see some people just look really friendly, or just familar.
@cedricyarbrough We love you! #hilarious   We are looking forward to SO much more!  #kudos on the #pilot @Speechless_ABC #speechless #hilarious #kudos #pilot #speechless
Just why? No one is going to want to eat their food out of it and placing something on it is pointless
All I know, is I need to get my head on straight before the tears begin to slowly pool over the corner of my eye once again.
“We still trust the capital.” Feeling a bit proud — for this alone, I’ll stick to commuting between home and work and stop wandering around.
Ooohh... [NAME] wouldn't like that!!
Chill. Not everyone is perfect.
It never came into my mind that I'm being edgy, my friend. I'm not worried.
And soldiers. GIs love strip clubs. Especially in the podunk towns where bases are.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy them as much as I did.
Might as well do something while you're doing nothing!
Cool, hope that helps.
Ignorance is strength.
How delightful it is that it truly could apply to multiple moms
It's not something i'm proud of, but I definitely fucked up that day.
Agree — since Meng’s transfer to Qinghua District, it’s clear he seeks to boost the economy through power alliances, ignoring principles, like “black or white cat, as long as it catches mice.”
Yeah, however you spell it - I don’t play with them
Nevermind, I see now Yikers
I wanna kill you and destroy you. I want you died and I want Flint back. #emo #scene #anger #fuck #die #hatered #emo #scene #anger #fuck #die #hatered
Do you think humans have the sense for recognizing impending doom?
100% yes
Yup. Was so annoyed to see this making the rounds yesterday.
I agree with your guy. Sex can sometimes improve with the adulterous partner, because he/she feels desired and sexy again.
No I made the best of it, we had so much fun. Can’t wait to go back!
*looks through comments* Who said it was going to be unbiased?
I love Florida
he ignored a question I asked him as well he is not big into responding.
Except you haven't achieved anything. You inherited a lot of money and retired young.
Nor are they common in the UK. Never seen one in the middle.
how do I know who's who scared emoji 😪
Probably stop school shootings hehe
@RossKemp Omg that is just horrific. Something needs to be done. 😢
@DeltaAssist Tried 2 get earlier flt 2day  @BWI Turnd away bcuz it was 2 late Then agent let other pas on #silvereliteleftbehind  #silvereliteleftbehind
Too long, you gotta cut along the top of the cargo pockets.
Oh right. I can probably google it. I’m sure it’s in horrible taste, but I’m like dying to know now
induction day tomorrow for pizza express #nervous #nervous
oh c'mon - i wanna see you defend old testament slavery some more!!!
Two different writers have two differing opinions??? I'm shocked, just absolutely shocked, I tell you!
I sincerely apologize...I’ll delete and please take this upvote
Her charm is liveliness but this is also her weakness.
I really didn’t wanna get up to do stuff today
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @jaredhorgan  #musically #musically
i read your first sentence laughed and stopped reading easily verified basic historical facts are not conjecture genius
I think [NAME] is starting to get too much blame, everybody on the roster sucks with the exception of [NAME]
How cool is it?!?!
BPA not fit especially when we dont have a good team
Can someone tell me how he protects his virginity though. You know from all the thots.
Even with 19 days off, I still can’t return to Chifeng. The epidemic control is awful — three years in and they still can’t even copy other regions’ policies. What a mess!
oh yes, we are.
Hugs hugs hugs. So many big hugs and good vibes. That's the only thing I know how to say right now.
Some college professors and their teaching staff may need to die. Oh, wait... saying that is hate speech.
Oh I can feel the burn all the way from Australia, even a few months later. Doesn't anyone have a direct source to this post? Thanks
My thoughts EXACTLY [NAME] looks dead.
Ok. I didn't know we discussed this topic. Have a nice day.
Thank you for the thorough reply! I definitely can’t say I’m not lucky for a long time after this.
Only people who think they’re better than they are blame their losses on a grenade in the game.
Just getting out of the house put a smile on my face, that and the fact that she had some wicked old music on her iPod.
That's all good, thanks for commenting.
Dude was okay?! Oh thank god, i figured at best paralyzed from the waist down
TOO. MUCH. HESITATION. [NAME] should've gotten that on net a second earlier
Free live music in DC tonight!  #blues with #MoonshineSociety at @thehamiltondc in the Loft starting at 10:30pm @FreeinDCBlog @WTOPFreebies #blues #moonshinesociety
@jbanks88 offense can't score 3 redzone trips no points n lbs can't pull flags n i missed a flag that lead to a td dat took da league
Look [NAME], those curly q's on your face make me so hot I can't think straight.
May a man live well-, and long-enough, to leave many joyful widows behind him.
Awesome! Glad you found it informative! Thanks for watching.
Keep rebuilding. That’s all we can do
Please concentrate on ignoring that hateful troll
Because all those delusional people be doing the same shit in their real life.
Job interview tomorrow 😎 #bright side #bright
I have this too, so don't worry. We are not crazy. Just regular humans who happen to have an anxiety issue.
Exactly. Thank you.
Such a sad, angry person. Take a break from reddit and go take up cycling or something.
Me too. Scorpion sounds so odd now
@xiankiefer @TheLincoln Book 5! It's so sprightly &amp; fun cuz he'd been reinvigorated by the Harry Potter series. I'm not kidding.
Sure you can, it’s called abortion, we’ve done it literally millions of times
Wtf are you taking about? What does that have to do wi- *checks post history* **OH**
That’s why it’s petty revenge. It may have been petty to take a bit of enjoyment in it, but she made her own bed
Ahhh, I see it now. Thanks.
SF makes a little more but it evens out with Seattle once you figure in CA state income tax and SF cost of living. #savedyouaclick #savedyouaclick
If that’s true it’s very desperate. You would think he had some better way of communicating.
Im sorry but I dont get the joke, can someone explain it to me?
Good times never fade away #smile #smile
I get hella pissed when people who are shorter than me complain about being too tall.
like I said, it's painful.
this study is bull but only cos my waist is just 2 inches larger than my head and im still dumb as hell
Gangster as fuck bruh, that's why i fly a green bandana.
I don't want the pity of my instructors but I'd like some understanding. I'm truly trying despite ALL circumstances that make me discouraged
I have to admit, most of the worst people I have encountered in my life were met while LARPing.
@SkyNews when the East wind blue in summer in Durban, S Africa, we still surfed and got #stung badly! Must be carefull-A #sting can harm you #stung #sting
I think if you're sending and receiving texts longer than 10 words your marriage is doomed.
Wow - it would be great to have an AMA about what you learned compared to the truth. How recently were you in seminary or at BYU?
Definitely surprised we took out [NAME] there. We needed to finish the quarter strong and it went straight to shit when he left.
Star trek online has a update to download oh fuming yay
Got it!
[NAME] is also a Vikings fan. I'd love to have him on the longboat.
Yea I guess I did. I forget how popular the bulls brand is overall. I just hate when people call others dumb because they talk/tweet in slang.
Eh. Totally possible. Even if he did know he's drunk and could be having a laugh about it.
Love Myself by [NAME]. It’s a song about touching yourself. Kids were singing it.
I should have concurred
Looks fade, having a partnership with people that love and care about each other doesn't have to.
@HebertofNH any time a man who got paid to throw temper tantrums speaks up, you gotta listen.
@yupdats_jess @nereriveraa_ this doesn't concern you OR your sister. So show up if you want too lol.
You wont be in pain but you wont feel any relief either. Find what makes you feel comfortable and stick with it
The bounty hunter things a bit lively
That sounds terrible, man. Have you been to a doctor yet?
@UCSMindfulness thank u so much! we just finished another #mindfulness film called #release about #anxiety - plz share! #mindfulness #release #anxiety
“What the FUCK is this [NAME], explain!”
FUCK TAMPA. FUCK TORONTO. WE WINNING THE MOTHERFUCKING CUP
What’s wrong with [NAME] lmao
Highly unlikely, but damn would love this to happen.
I just drank some chocolate milk, now I'm a 9/10 supermodel with a great husband and my own island in a tropical location. Thanks! /s
Entering the race is not about winning. It’s about increasing name recognition.
Which doesn't fit with the fact that they built massive bathrooms during the construction of Hogwarts.
Grassroots officials like them always “find a way around” policies—two-faced, defying central rules. They claim to protect lives but are just lazy, dodging work. Their real thought: fewer visitors, less work.
[NAME] with that birthday gift
@TheRevAl please tell us why 'protesting' injustice requires #burning #beating and #looting terrible optics #toussaintromain is true leader! #burning #beating #looting #toussaintromain
Yes ='(, what a shame, [NAME]
You better have a goddamn update.
Holy moly. She's terrible. You dodged a bullet honestly
wat u fecker
The problem with C4 wasn't that it was short, but that nothing really happened.
@Gielnorian @HedonismGaming cmode grimrail made me want to eat angry bees
I wonder how [NAME] prepares his food.
My fav character
What will the UN bring anyway? Turkey will be victorious. I love my country.
I shave it. Btw great way to cheer me up saying I look like I'm 45 at 23
Thanks for saying this eloquently, I'm always a little put off by some of the man hating comments that pop up here occasionally.
Even this tweet reeks just from the description provided (and the way her friends must look/smell). I’m gagging.
Oh ok! Thanks for the info.And oh [NAME] I can’t imagine what that would feel like
I've learned that guys are dumb and to not listen to them about women's beauty stuff🙄
You didn't deserve to win after drafting [NAME] in the 2nd
Lost my kid to the system, wanna see wha the wee lassie has tae say
I love going to a diner and eating in a booth by myself.
What came out of my mouth was: "Because white reigns supreme.
I have no shame to say I know the dances and most of the live shows. SHE IS MY QUEEN
Instinct and Intellect are opposites, never said they were the same
Wait until you’re at least 25 to get a tattoo. You’ll more than likely regret it otherwise.
Please publish fever-clinic / ER loads and wait times — shift focus to easing medical overcrowding so patients get timely care.
This chicks stealing his pubes off the toilets seat
>complain that government can't do anything right >get elected and prove it
gotta get that AA out yo! 😂
Just having a discussion and giving my opinion, don’t understand why you’re getting so mad lol
Yes I keep hearing it’s a great and eye opening read so it on my to read list. thanks 👍
Really? Shucks! I’ve never seen it...thought it was a perfect add. My bad.
Even after achieving 100% in this game, his performance still amazes me.
@ashleighjessica @zacflint1 I'd give that pout the firm D
I can respect profiting from morons.
d'oh, my bad 😔
MOTHERFUCKING FLYING MONKEYS, AHHHHHHHHGHGHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!
Have wee pop socks on and they KEEP FALLING OFF INSIDE MY SHOES
But more importantly, who gudder... [NAME] or [NAME] + 2019 Mavs pick? (Still probably [NAME] but I don't care bcus I love [NAME])
Sounds dreadful.
We gotta throw the whole world away
Edit your post and instead of it saying "face...." put "book of faces". I think thats why your post was removed.
He uses it in every other post. It's not even ironic.
Stop. How can you watch [NAME] these past years and think he has 2-3 years left.
I find it boring and, at times, incredibly annoying in all of the games. It completely lost its appeal somewhere around Black Flag.
No R movies or tv shows, no buy from me. But I’m sure people with kids will love it.
@IcyEmmaX &lt; took another sip. “We’ve had some earth shattering, soul exhilarating sex. You think black souls can have that kind of &gt;
You must shine brightly in the world you love.
What’s the point now — an athlete wasted their prime fighting you instead of competing. You’ve done all the ugly things.
Haha I meant [NAME]. I was a very chatty fast bowler/no.6 pinch hitter.
thank you for the laugh
Oh I see
Good luck and congratulations! You are not your diagnosis 😁
#Zumba, #PiYo and #HIIT sessions. Sweaty, burning but sooooooo good! #missedoutonsummerbikinibodybutwintersunbodywilldo #zumba #piyo #hiit #missedoutonsummerbikinibodybutwintersunbodywilldo
Fierljeppen heck!
@elegantlywasted @ChelseaClinton Are they the new kennedy's of American politics.. sadly both mom and daughter are as charming as a toe nail
What kind of man do you think you are? A man among men, a really cool one.
Guys. Our defense is bad outside of like two guys.
Being physically attractive 😒
yeah, i believe thats the only moving part in the whole device.
lol, this is so much me, I'm actually loling and not just typing it. :D
You can move it.
I'm replying just bask in the glow with someone else! Yay!!
Wife just had our baby, and this story freaked me out. I can't imagine going through something like that.
True. But I think it’s only [NAME] that pull the belly out of themselves to articles about the empire!
[NAME] left that on purpose. Would bnever have scored
#Violence doesn't fix violence. #pain and #anger are the same reaction in the brain. Cure the pain and the anger will go away. #violence #pain #anger
Oh ya, def me
Bear in mind the first sighting was at 9pm, hard to get good footage after sunset
Disclaimer: This is r/television not r/news. Sorry for the mistake.
Can anyone else feel that girls eyes slowly stealing your soul?
I’ve always used a medium sized screwdriver but it can mess up the prongs so use a chopstick and you should be fine
Well it gets the stupid people to eat tide pods, evolution needs a helping hand after shifting in the gene pool.
If he’s innocent, can he seek international compensation? This caused huge damage to him and China’s 🇨🇳 sports image.
He always missed that key 3rd down catch to keep the drive alive
What did the dyslexic atheist insomniac do last night? He stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog
I don't know why this image bothers me so much
Adulthood and the real world are blaming poor people and working class people for their problems. Got it.
That's racist.
WHY DID DSJ PASS THERE, YOU COULD'VE FINISHED AT THE BASKET IN TRANSITION REEEEEEE
OMG this sub is gonna be my saving grace for the rest of the year. Thank you so much!!
I LOVE BASKETBALL
I ahead and report this jerk offs!!!!
> I cannot fathom what he gets out of it. The privilege of avoiding any and all self-reflection, I guess.
North Central exactly... Poor dude's name is [NAME]. Popped right back up and finished the game...
I feel the same on [NAME]. She's trying too hard to be hard-hitting etc. Thought she was poor on Thursday.
Brilliant! Like I said to the other dude, anything that's similar to this is a happy coincidence:)
Famous for his 3-4 Defense
Appreciate it.. just for trolls sake Plot Twist : The one trick has no mic XD
I just wanna see the fallout of [NAME] leaving. OH And the [NAME] stuff from yesterday. Pls CBS Plsss!!
I was going to say that Rooney is a shadow of his former self but I don't want to offend any shadows. #NTFCvMUFC #ntfcvmufc
Most I've met off Craigslist.
That wasn't very incredibilis of you.
@healeyraine I'm offended, I actually am
I don't think I'd like that either.
I know he lives in Texas and I have his phone number and things like his name and age but nothing else really.
🍂🎵☀\n#fall sounds great !\ndream #blues #rock by @RaphaelSlagg.\nGet the top album  'One Love'  by hero @BlindFret. :D #blues #rock
Guy looks like average [NAME] at the gym. Reddit acts like he the new anabolic king 😂 I will go back to my cave now.
@ccgdavidson I remember being awestruck looking around thinking, 'You could fit the entire population of our town in here ten times over.'
Ok thanks for your help!
It was more just “where did all these airpods come from?!” It was weird to me.
He broke the wheel so bad it's going backwards
me when my friends are sad: basically becomes a psychiatrist\nmy friends when im sad: ok #funny #lol #funny #lol
The ones who supported ETC were more concerned with negatively impacting Ethereum and it's community than the DAO rollback in my opinion.
Would he have more leverage after the election?
No problem. Didn't mean to nitpick. Good luck with the exam!
I like it
Thanks for all these suggestions!
Gorgeous cats, poor babies
1Pet 4:7  But the end of all things is at hand: be ye therefore #sober, and #watch unto prayer #sober #watch
Don't worry. You'll grow out of Pearl Jam.
I agree. Your last sentence is definitely a better way to word it
His name also references UGA.
Too bad they lost.
I feel like they missed a good opportunity to make the track in the shape of Texas.
What a great word
bruh, in what way
It won't, it will stop the ones who cross the border. Not a very hard concept.
In other words this looks bad, so we’re trying to distance ourselves from it. Yeah too bad NRA. Zero sympathy from here.
If he saw it as something regrettable and possibly embarrassing, and has grown, eh. We all have something embarrassing in our past.
***Ni***🅱🅱🅰, ***FRITOS***. I swear to FSM that *this girl* is 25% frito.
My mother did this to me and it took years to get everything fixed. Almost cost me my job.
There is a revenge story in JNMIL about DIL getting back at MIL involving ground meat. Yes, that MIL sabotage her BC too
Levels mate. Absolutely obsessed with our dominance.
I'm sorry to hear, come see me when you die.
Will be interesting to see what happens next, one thing for sure is [NAME] won't just fcuk off, you can't get rid of the woman
It sure is! Thank you!!
@priorJoan @MizQue \nActually pretty typical of trump supporters\nThis kid learned birtherism in school\nThat's horrific
Find yourself a partner who's sensible enough to slip out of their clothes and find new ones rather than destroy a perfectly good robe.
I love music but I haven't given a shit about the Triple J's Hottest 100 in at least 10 years
@Budget  car rental you have made realize why I always use @nationalcares!!!!  What a #nightmare!!  #disgusted #nightmare #disgusted
really clever lol
Found the apologist.
I went up on stage and sang my heart out, and afterwards signed up to sing another song with Becca ( alas we ran out of time ), and though I don't know any dance moves, I got a bit of a rythm, so it was all good!
That...felt good...can I cry on your shoulder?
You’re right, I was thinking of AiG or the Discovery Institute.
Nutter is a great word for it. I haven't even gotten into her claim that she is psychic yet. That's a story for another day.
I fear it is already too late if he already uses words that should hurt but really don't because of their misuse.
@ADenkyirah Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day filled with lots of joy and laughter &lt;3 (despite tumblr being a jerk- once again)
[NAME] is amazing, big fan of him.
Yea I've heard this also so that's why I'm curious how well this one will last.
I remembered how I dragged his box into the bedroom and the way we had fallen asleep together, my arm dangling over the side of the bed to comfort him.
im actually really pumped to see how [NAME] does in Spain. hoping he gets some playing time to prove himself.
Accept the challenges, So that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.\n\nTOMIHO IpaglabanMo TapingDay2
I feel for the dad curled up at the end of the bed like a loyal dog
Hamberders doesn't seem like a typo—that seems like something a person would write if they heard the word spoken but never saw it written
Shocked we didn't take him back and plunk him in the minors.
I think he meant Centrifugal Bumblepuppy
[NAME]!
So I went ahead and finished it, but it fits my head without quite covering my ears, so even though I started out knitting it for you, it didn't end up working.
I can't say I know enough about the sport. Very possible though.
Oh this is that one he posted a while back with the dinosaur and flowers 🤢
Shotgun rack? LOL. I had a BB gun rack on my Schwinn in the 60s in Houston.
So you're a liar.
Last year was Celtics and Sixers... that’s pretty decent
I have no idea how we are down by ONLY 13. Its truly a miracle.
Why in the world did you marry her? She's ragging on your own sister???
A thousand times this! I just found some of my old childhood stuff from the 80s with a 2 bar and it is fucking awesome.
(insert [NAME] meme) THEFT?!
You gotta work on you dude!! If you're not confident you're not ready, get yourself straight And all will fall into place.
I know so I also make a joke about how we’re going to give bell so much money that we’ll be in the negative for cap
You will be fine.
AMD this is why we rejoice in his banning.... :)
@GreensACT @ShaneRattenbury @carolinelec what about #publictransport to &amp; from #CanberraAirport. Most cities have. Mr Barr very #coy on. #publictransport #canberraairport #coy
At least now [NAME] has more time to gain his confidence
I'll Google it, thanks again!
Man that was like 6 minutes ago
That is absolutely brilliant. Thank you so much for your help and support.
Man, what a great post Edit: wow! Thanks for the kind, gold stranger!
Kids are awesome
Get a lawyer. You entered into your marriage in good faith, that shouldvcount for something.
In my child’s class of 52, only 2 didn’t get infected — that’s over 90% infection rate. Those 2 avoided it only by never going out.
Oh wow I love this!
Really takes ya by surprise anyway though, huh?
All of the ones regular people have, just applied in a more logical way I guess.
I remember the sweat burning in my eyes and trying to control my breathing.
People want me to go pine ridge, little wound or Oelrichs. Starting to think about transferring but I wanna stay at cloud. Decisions man.
Yup, my greatest fear realized.
Thank you. Your suggestion is a better term. I don't think mine is a poor choice but yours is better.
That's like the US Democratic Party, right? I heard that they support the far-left National Socialist maniac known as [NAME] ([NAME]). ;)
The best feeling ever was when class was over and it never got to your turn, so you didnt have to present until the next day
I started the Kitty City Meowboys and I do those things. I have a mic but I don't use it because talking exhausts me
I told you, I don't like ethnic food!
Maybe you'll get lucky and it will fall apart before they go through with it.
It's 2019 and people are *still* saying "SJW's?" Ha! Hahahahaha! Oh my life. [NAME].
You poop into my butt, then I poop it back into your butt...
Now they are on 7. They are using a special stripped-down and heavily modified version of Windows 7 Professional.
SIGN HIM UP
It's the best, I haven't been so happy in a long time!
not quite as cheap but if you already own a decent bike this kit is wel priced to convert
Is that a normal price for this kind of thing or is it [NAME] expecting a super-wealthy person to impulse buy?
@StaceyDavidson_ You're a thief and a liberal mope, investigated by the financial services board for theft of govt retirement funds. THIEF
That's what I tell myself, too.
You severely misunderstand the evidence if your answer is 'NO TO ALL' regarding your questions. Especially the last one.
The biggest difference between Mengtian and Wentian modules — one “asks heaven,” one “dreams heaven.” Our journey is to the stars and sea.
Wait, did they get married at the detention center? Why is she exiting with a bouquet?
Lmao your posts are always good for an eye roll
Thank goodness :D
My mind is raging and i just want to end it all
We need you to lose five pouns in one munt, [NAME].
Really? That already looks way too salty for my taste.
I found [NAME]!! That took me way too long to spot the watermark lol. Good eye!!
Their behavior? Going to campuses to talk about fiscal responsibility and [RELIGION] values is something that is bad? You’re a bigot, just admit it.
There is nothing more statist than socialized and compulsory education. They subsist on violence and perpetuate violence. These people are the clergy of the state.
I’m feeling very excited !
Okay thats cool I was asking because I didn’t know y’all better stop downvoting me
Bullock and Warner are the only two dems (without an F rating from the NRA) that I could see running.
It's really alarming when an adult male calls their father 'daddy'
Lowkey lyrics right there, revolution or genocide, it won't be televised. Something like that about [NAME] press
You really going to claim our foreign policy is equivalent to that of Iran and Russia?
@Evan_McMullin @TheBlazeRadio Classic SHITLIB bullshit. Create a horrible problem and then 'discuss' how to solve it. What a PIMP.
Yes, and then look hurt when you glare at them for causing a scene and/or not being just as tickled as they are.
I would hope the guy is genuine and honest, but in my circumstances, there's not much closure.
nah.....anime is weird
This right here... most of the orders I have done on shipt have not tipped. Not sure why customers feel entitled on that platform.
"We also have a huge otter"
The galaxy burns bright — you are my earthly ideal. The night wind chills — you are my earthly warmth. 💚💚💚You.
Does that work for the WSJ? I haven’t read an article from there in a year.
Oh no, my secret identity as a neurosurgeon/entomologist/radiologist/anesthetist/dentist has been discovered! I knew I should have given less detailed medical advice online! D:
I see so many different worlds in this! Love it
Lawson’s Sip of Sunshine! Excellent Vermont beer.
All it takes is a single touch to get me out of my armor and in my underwear?
And suck this guy off at the same time
It's no coincidence that I became generally happier when I realized that once I covered the necessities more stuff didn't bring more happiness.
Communists love the state, make no mistake. It's either totalitarian statism or mob rule, which commies would fail miserably at.
I'm not going out of my way to watch it but I might channel flip
mirana told me to shut up when i was singing along to glee...
Just wanted to say I love your username
Oh wow I didn’t know they put out the entire song. Thank you! Have an upvote.
I love how they added a camouflage hat on the australian dude for no reason at all
There is no case in my area, the green code has a star, and the neighborhood committee can issue a certificate of leaving Tianjin. We also belong to a low-risk area, but we have to be quarantined for 7 days when we go home. I would like to ask, if it is calculated this way, is it necessary to distinguish between high, medium and low risk areas? Wouldn’t it be better if they are all risk areas?
🎶 Hark to the tale of [NAME], and the boy he loved so dear. They remained the best of friends for years and years and years. 🎶
Anyone can try to be a doctor or expert based on their knowledge and ability, whether in healing or other fields. Traditional Chinese Medicine has its own unique theoretical system and logic, rooted in cultural and historical context. Whether it’s real or mystical depends on the person.
I’m gonna go out on a limb and say that’s a terrible idea.
Go for it. I could use the excitement.
I mean, if the kid is 2, this guy could definitely be a gen [NAME] who grew up on smart phones
Of course! It’s just sometimes your garage is not big enough for two cars, or you’re not at your house.
#Depression has you wanting to change the past, #anxiety has you focusing on the unknown future. Neither are about living in the present. #depression #anxiety
Stop crying already
I did not post this. I really do find it funny tho
@kingvee_ don't provoke me to anger
They paid the cost of removing the graffiti vandalism on the wall you mean, right? ...right?
Conductors only serve, not enforce laws — what about railway police? If they can’t enforce, can’t stations send officers aboard? Stop treating foreigners differently!
@IllinoisLoyalty that Rutgers game was an abomination. An affront to God and man. We must never speak of it again.
Ignorance is bliss
Love this picture
What makes you think any of it is hoarded? It’s likely to be near 100% invested.
@USAneedsTRUMP @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump awe!!! #cnn so bias and doesn't care about people only money #cnn
Good for you bb. I wish you all kind of life gains
Luckily every elevator would be broken at all times.
I love you, as a feminist with ASD words are very hard for me and you described this so well
At least be honest. These are your videos and have nothing to do with Ontario
Damn, I hope that lady unloaded the rest of the bread and cleared out like a fart in the wind before homeslice came back.
Omg I wish I were still there so we could brave this together. Let us know if you go!
People deleting and stop caring IS THE REASON why artifact is under 2k players.
I only like felicity when she’s with black siren.
The bone around your tooth it’s subject to fracture when you take bisphosphantes! Super weird.
Really like Molotov, such a great song!
You can't leave the ECHR while a member of the EU so they are not "totally separate"
Then much of the advice here is terrible because it congratulates him on doing the entirely wrong thing.
> Do you think Amazon reviews are don't mean anything? Yes because they are very easy to game.
These girls who are playful and childlike seem to have such lovely relationships. Can't imagine them having serious convos but it's cute  😍😍
Except, they do.
Don’t take this seriously man, I was joking.
It's a gift.
I did marry [NAME]
It’s impossible for Apple to lead trends—adding a Type-C port on iPhone is like cutting a hole right in the center.
And she will try so be careful op
Thank you! That's the explanation I was looking for.
The sad thing is his is still glitched. Just a couple days ago I died from [NAME] lightsaber about 5 seconds after someone else killed him.
@gautamravi168 @vijatta @RanaAyyub He may hv driven the bus to the terror hiding.
I have faith that you do it *correctly*
What other account do you think is mine?
She's absolutely stunning in that photo
Please tell me that [NAME] never said this.
anyone who tells u what to do is a fascist
Exactly right? That's when I thought she was really really horrible.
I’m not sure why I just laughed so hard at this. It’s not but it’s funny!
Emotes have a ridiculous amount of effort put into them, which only makes the fact that nobody uses them sadder
I sensed, and then saw four short (about 3 feet tall), gray-colored 'beings' with large dark eyes next to my side of the bed (on my left).
What bothers me more is the picture quality of the donut compared to the steak
It's nice to have dreams.
He likes an old song and is young DISGUSTING
Sorry, not sorry, but this seems wrong and extremely disrespectful.
Is it only possible for men to be crossdressers? I’ve never heard a woman called that, even if she’s dressed like a man.
Why would Enrique sub off busquet? #hilarious #hilarious
But the emotional constrictor that had wrapped itself around my ribs and stomach seems to have gone, and it's not a strain to smile.
That knife looks awfully familiar... *snorting and claw clicking in the distance*
>just because I miss [NAME] and [NAME], who played them. You forgot to add the rest of that sentence
2018, more disappointment.
That’s actually a great idea if I ever have a kid that acts like I did!
You can repay it slowly — this really shouldn’t be crowdfunded. If you once condemned Jiang Qiulian’s crowdfunding, then handle your own burden properly.
I love all things supportive of books and spreading their wonderfulness.
@LmRyle @tomcolicchio @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @ajjaffe I understand your concerns but look at her foundation contributions #worry #worry
My hands were full.
It's about the cause not individuals. If my death leads to a better world so be it, everyone has to die some day.
Thanks for clarifying; I've never heard this (it's not a pejorative where I live) so it's good to know.
'You're here to feed me. I won't die of starvation,' he said, slightly smiling. I frowned. Panira. Kainis.
It was actually pretty great, definitely going to return next week! :)
@LondonMidland #dobetter only two carriages on 14:49 Birmingham to Hereford no room to stand anymore Friday commute #unhappy #dobetter #unhappy
Just watched @JoeNBC on @colbertlateshow -- &amp; have to say... I'm in awe. What hair products is he using, @greggutfeld ?? #beautiful #jealous #beautiful #jealous
damn, i always get in on these too late
[NAME]. She's always so busy. I'm glad she finally got to relax....
What are you referencing?
@SeanLTheWriter Agree 100%... B. Marshall another concern... would much rather he rested this game...
I don't know who is dumber here.
Invite everyone in the server, it fills fast
Escape and after some time then die, this is a pretty bad advice so just don't do it
That, but I also really think that [NAME] is going to be a top QB. Especially, if he progresses during his time as back up.
>It'd be good for Venezuela That's the hallmark of U.S. invasions; invaded countries always do well as a result. /s
[NAME] has been playing pretty nice since he's been freed from dnps
This girl faked a miscarriage.
How crazy is that, matrix confirmed.
a #monster is only a #monster if you view him through  #monster #monster
Seems like you jerk off looking at mirror while you’re crying
hes doing it for his kid
It was less painful than a bee sting! I felt so silly afterwards!
I'm gonna say break it off and expect them to date at some point. So prepare for that one. Sorry bud, good luck!
I was expecting him to go with baseball, but hopefully his combine and everything makes his stock rise into a high first round pick.
He aged twenty years with that look.
M'goodboy. His mommy better give him plenty of tendies and honey mussy for his good manners.
No lie I was just fucking watching the office but I paused it and am know listening to graduation and browsing this subreddit
Not me personally, but I do think it's an excellent idea. You never know when a stomach bug might hit.
He's not wrong though.
yeah, thanks
Once we win week 1 next season this sub will turn around lol
I like your name.
It was freaking awesome
The real bad beat.
Russian prostitutes are overblown. It's not even that common. There isn't really any widespread negative perceptions about [NAME] in South Korea.
I would just beat up someone I really hate, my brother.
GAMEDAY VS BUFORD TODAY AT 5:30 AT HOME!!!!!!!!! NEVER BEEN SO EXCITED
oh happy cake day
I'm glad that this is a normal assumption to make... incels are my answer to too many things
> "But I'm their father. They have to," he kept saying. And there is delusion colliding with reality.
Much more badass than the union suit.
They’re grossed out that these two are blatantly grinding outside of a bar/club environment.
I hate Detroit
Was she? Oh, never been good at picking up on stuff like that. Thanks for letting me know!
Decide to stop being afraid. To just stop. What are you now free to do?\n\n #brave #free #honest #healthy  #life #living  #love #brave #free #honest #healthy #life #living #love
Like the handout this guy got to build the stadium?
@LucidBurrito Doesnt do it to anyone else, he literally pulled me into the office cause someone complained I spit in the sink yesterday
Finally some appreciation
Wow that was such a beautiful drive by [NAME]. Really wish we could see more of that
i know this isn't a private corporation and only the government so no real reason to be that concerned.
To piss people off probably
Mauston and Monticello were the beginning and end of my hope
@andiymouse @jordana_brown @F1ghtCamp I'm sure he'll do just fine. He can always change to #beer or #cheer squad #beer #cheer
[NAME] as a Giants fan and [NAME] as a [NAME], I think I need this
I don’t even know what this show is, it’s basically “increasingly outlandish things happen to young people” the TV show.
The left says there is a police brutality issue so their fix is to make it hard for non police to get and carry guns. 🤔
Looks like they’ll need to head to Turkey next, considering religious [NAME] love their “grave worshipping” The irony is rich
I’m not sure even know sits a fucking painter’s tool. I hate everything about everyone in this video.
Lmao the brigading is real
Nationally calling them feral with the implication that they had it coming less than a week after their deaths is even worse than spitting on their graves.
My throat goes dry and my cough sounds not even human at some points.
He knew what you meant. He pretended to be confused to save face. that’s disgusting...
Thank you @twitter for the balloons today. #smile #goodday #48 #smile #goodday #48
@shod_jpg aye man she was fuming xo
@01Starblazer 9 -9 vs Atlanta this yr, 2 - 11 vs Rockies and DBacks this yr. That's a combined 11 - 20 vs 3 atrocious teams in NL #awful #awful
In urban villages, Hubei residents resist control, even attack volunteers. Streets now offer ¥1600/day + bonus after 10 days, yet no one dares volunteer—think about it.
[NAME] looks great in a dress 👍
Nonsense. A provincial political-legal deputy secretary has less power than a mayor. The show got such details wrong.
Don't be so shy #nl #nl
Forgot he had been sent down and was really confused, but happy about this post.
Something something broken arms
I'm sorry you had a bad experience, that's horrible. But that number saved one of my friends lives. Different for everyone
Give me sunshine from Clemson in a few years lol
Well, I probably would have been against the Cespedes signing if we had to sign him for 7 years. But that goes more for a pitcher.
THE BLACK EYED KIDS
Cool. Good call on the passport. Our plan is to make a stop on the way from thr airport. Im suee some are open late.
It isn’t lol just saw a string of comments like this. Probably isn’t him though
SRS is a pile of shit I have no idea how it is still existing
I hope you bundle up too, Mr. President.
I've always hated the 610/45 interchange. Everyone slows to a crawl when there is no need to slow down.
That's...kinda...why...i...used...the....phrase.
What’s it like to comment on things without bothering to read the context?
I just want to note that "Live Photo" is something how I'd expect [NAME] describe a video.
How to get badly injured in a room full of foam.
Yeah you’re implying that someone holds the shitty opinion you just made up. Which is basically an attempt to make them look bad. Character assassination.
No femshaming, guys.
That explains why the dude in the back reacts the way he does... thank you!
Dude nsfw this damn
Please ruin this party, @NSWRL. #origin #blues #origin #blues
[NAME] I almost couldn't finish reading this because it is me to a T.
People often grudge others what they cannot enjoy themselves.
Like I said deleted
Okay. Then what does "anti-imperialism" mean to you?
Sickness bug! #awful #awful
@157Gale @GatorDave_SEC I'd be thrilled if he committed but nervous the whole time until NSD. Kid being from Cali makes me nervous.
[NAME] and the Chicago Wolves (I'm so sorry)
Thank you for being the voice of reason in the calamity that is Walmart.
What law did they break? This is just another example abusing a system for profit without the necessary laws in place to protect people.
Wow, I didn't know that was happening. Thanks for the information!
Well thats a rare opinion of Earth X.
how does asperger feel like
I would then freeze with fear.
great win leading into memphis. everyone contributed, awesome team basketball and defense throughout
@rickygervais my first time in Slough so checked out the new station floor #sad #LifeOnTheRoad #sad #lifeontheroad
@GigaFag @pipertownsend_ snapchat new would beg to differ #optimism #optimism
Im just glad it didn't take any of that for us. I'm glad I didn't have to see a [NAME] screaming match
Thought I saw a shot glass in there the first time I watched this.
This was probably one of the best videos I’ve ever seen on Reddit. What an amazing story. Job well done. RIP Chief.
Thank you for your advice! I really do appreciate it and will implement it as the kids get older.
Dammit I got whooshed
Ah, I see. Thanks for the clarification.
Guys have been asking this throughout history. Trying to get laid without commitment is not okay. Marriage is important and so is the paperwork.
Same boat here, man.
No it doesn't work like that you're wrong
Still pretty embarrasing though :p
[NAME] YES!!!
(yikes, no pun intended--on either count)
That’s a bold move, [NAME]. Let’s see if it pays off.
Oh man, I didn't expect that: It kept rolling on his face!
Sad if step kids are nice children I am sorry they are in this dynamic
Typical humans, diminishing dog's accomplishments.
They also think you're a jealous man instead of an honest - though not very nice - woman.
Because they saw it once done before.... on IG!
I'm sitting up and not going anywhere, basically half-way through the tube.
Is he dead now from a tragic drowning accident? Asking for a friend.
Now were talking. Acknowledge our short comings and bring in a guy that is essentially a solution to most of them. Love it.
[NAME] buddy, [NAME] :) being lonely is only much needed solitude in disguise, a break from all the shit
The other night I was on my way to bed and I stopped in the bathroom to brush my teeth.
Dopey may is still relevant. Delors is not. So your comparison falls flat. Do try keep up.
It is a slippery slope
Whatever that means.
You're right!
Is it weird that I was practically drooling while watching this
Agreed, but I can't believe the bottom of the barrel just has double French doors opening into the foyer of yet another barrel.
I giggled. Then looked at my corgi and imagined him stuck butt first in a big wine bottle.
Sacramento fun as hell
Haha .. In pakistan 47 is the normal temp during summer... Lol noob.. Gg ez
It's weeebro you uncultured swine 😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😡😡😡🤬😡🤬😡🤬😡🤬😤😤😤 😂😂😂😂 like and share this epic comment 😎😎😎
Lovely. This is a good deed and he should be lauded for it despite whatever else is going on around him.
That’s an amazing photo. Thanks for sharing!
Love the idea for the [NAME] skin but I think it might be too hard :/
For those who are wondering, that would leave you with about $1,000,000
Right, that makes sense! I wonder if the person I met in real life would acknowledge he's more of a fence sitter than childfree, haha
Ooh I like that one :)
This is a hate sub
I see her reply back to comments all the time 😑
Aren’t property owners responsible for clearing sidewalks in front? The bike lanes are part of the roadway, and thus under the city’s jurisdiction.
NCAA is a poor barometer for scoring. [NAME] was leading scorer in all NCAA for like 3 years running. Not even sure he got drafted.
Big thanks dude! This will really help me out
Alright, I really wanted you to go to HR but it might not go right for you
#goksfillyourhouseforfree should be retitled fill your house with old trash repainted ... #shocking #junk #trash #goksfillyourhouseforfree #shocking #junk #trash
Do you have a link? I never saw the video, I only heard about it
Proud of you for being exposed to all this and still recognizing how crazy this shit is.
No need to apologize. It definitely put things in perspective. I’m just glad your DD ended up ok.
I’ll give it a shot. Thanks for the alert. If this sub consistently hates it, it can’t be that bad.
@icuminhoesasses Think about it if he need white peoples votes wouldn't just reach out about things that only concern them &amp; leave out rest?
This can't be serious right? Already 14930 supporters have signed this crap!
Come on human let me in it’s cold outside and I want to play.
@Darren32895836 @FatimaFatwa it would be a great opportunity to settle the globe down.. #fear does wonders.. #fear
⊰ @FrameOfAnAngel ⊱ \n\n+ Of them. I'm here for answers, and if I scare her to death, there won't be answers for me. \n\nSo instead, I just +
Nah man. I just changed my mind. I've gotten pms from here before lol.
Interest rates seem crazy low. It doesn't seem worth it to lend anything except DAI.
That one is much better.. you win :(
AM I BEING DETAINED?
Ok.... he can *call* it the State of the Union, but that doesn't mean it is.
Definitely valid in my case. But let's remember our friends who have had or are currently having a rough time when it comes to family life, as well.
It sounds like you’re the one who is afraid of the internet. Relax, bud. You’re on r/cringe
Everyone wants bama! I repeat everyone wants bama!
Either's good
Okay, that was actually shocking.
so [NAME] isn't necessarily as dumb as she literally appears... I've always liked her for some reason.
Meanwhile in western society grown-ass adults will leave their McDonald's trash scattered all over the place just feet away from the bin.
[NAME] advisors did the same.
I read that as "It's fat being fucked in the picture" lmfaoooo
Whoa. I appreciated this, thank you.
This is the most upbeat and pleasant I've ever seen someone whose been caught with multiple ounces of weed and ecstasy.
It's called Middle Class Syndrome. "Bad things happen to *other people*."
HAS THE WHOLE WORLD GONE CRAZY‽ AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO GIVES A SHIT ABOUT THE RULES‽ MARK IT ZERO!
what time is it now? i’m definitely in a different time zone
Oh look, [NAME] has yet another opinion.
[NAME] sued by floss kid /s
if your former manager is receptive in re-hiring you, it's a positive first step. your email is fine. good luck!
Hopes we all get so sick of his messages we'll vote for him to outlaw them. Courageous strategy Mr [NAME]
The service made it 20 years ago (1999, yeah ikr 1999 was 20 YEARS AGO?)
Nearly every malicious compliance is a petty revenge story.
Also here's my starting point on the right, obviously, for my bulk.
Hawaiian is my first language, so not too bad considering.
Still no [NAME] on before him.. we're supposed to be proving how important he is to us
Then stop electing those officials.
Violife and follow your heart I made a cheese board for my dairy loving family and they couldn’t believe it!
And you've never driven over the speed limit?
That’s me! Got it at the sens store by 304
Good Morning Tuesday! No crap today please 😃 #tantrums #toddler #cuddly #struggles #3 #10 #PMA #tantrums #toddler #cuddly #struggles #3 #10 #pma
I’m wondering if your church and bible study attendance lets her pretend you are [NAME].
Comedown is only a tenth of addiction. Addiction is when you find a high that you love more than yourself. Be careful.
alright, i'll be the one to say it. the tongue looks like an orange penis, congrats
@BecOfTheKop Something for me to ignore then. Sounds dreadful.
Beautiful picture!
induction day tomorrow for pizza express
Reality is often disappointing -TPUSA, probably
Damn this was deep. Hope the best for you and you could really turn this into a short story or something of the such.
Yeah, but you get the honor back for skinning them as 'Resourceful'
>Dupage county Dupage County just elected a Democratic rep, what on earth are you talking about.
great show.
I mean, sept is a prefix for seven. Even if it isn’t the right one for that problem...
@UltimateBoxer My heart because you left me for so long again\n\n*slight pout but it turned to a smile*\n\nheheh just kidding, no I'm fine-
It was received on Jan 25th at 9:22 am .81627 BTC and $3800. for it with a $600. fee. Happy!
Oh, boo fuckety hoo. Let me play a sad song for you on the world's smallest violin.
Thanks for not showing her picture. I just had lunch.
[NAME] smashed some kitkats on their table for internet points. Very cool.
Coming back pretty strong with UFC Fortaleza at least. [NAME] vs. Moicano has me excited
Mrs.Frizzle has found herself on hard times.
[NAME] looked great!
He may have thought he had time but I really can't comment on his frame.of mind
This is my creepiest real story.
If you don't think MAGA hats are associated with racism then you've got your head stuck in the sand.
I chopped it up a little for you. I hope that helps. I'm not sure I can make that much more concise.
This is the most Boomer thing i've ever seen
**Post submission rules** * No compilations, unless all videos are from the same driver or cam or car.
GAA' isn't a sport...
@IreneEstry can't wait to see you Hun #cuddles #gossip  #cuddles #gossip
There was a fuel station near mine where they put the fuel in the wrong underground tanks. So you can at least unload it wrong.
Ye I never understood why they didn’t put that into the game
[NAME] is getting ready for sex!!
Probably because its likely, unfortunately. The question is what happens next for people that are obsolete.
When my eldest son started daycare at two, I stayed half a day. He played while glancing at his mom. The two daughters, same age, went in alone — second cried when we left but stopped at the sight of toys; third stayed stiff-faced but followed the teacher in and started playing. Kids’ personalities really differ by nature.
One of our friends (seen in pic) wanted to make a poster today. I provided the idea, he created this masterpiece.
I felt a gun pressed against my forehead and looked up.
[NAME] redeemed herself!!
😻 that's a line if I ever saw one
I haven't seen a sign like that on mine. Not that it would carry the force of law, anyway, in Florida.
I wondered if anyone else here watched Family by the Ton
NO THEY DONT FALL OUT
We're one in the same!!!!!!!!!!!😂😂😂😂
Wow, Michelin star for $25. That's nuts. Thanks for the heads up.
They want as police state, they are fearful imbeciles..@interpretingall @mikefar1974 @MetalMilitia74 @Cmvazquez103
Oh look, this entire account was made to link to a store that sells this mug.
it’s great
World wants #peace from  #WorldPeaceDay #internationaldayofpeace #peace #worldpeaceday #internationaldayofpeace
My main issue with Anarchism (although this should probably go on anarchism_101) is that i don't see a difference between anarchism and syndicalism.
nice try buddy
And AI will somehow be magically more disruptive than the industrial revolution. Because... reasons.
[NAME]? For real?
I’m glad he’s okay but I’m even gladder it’s not that same gif of the guy ski/parachuting down a mountain
as a Ducks fan, this thread makes me sad...
Congrats on being clean, and having a great team mate!
You two are on lists now.
i have noticed i am getting leg pains & backpain after day 1 of fapping and feeling powerless and unmotivated
I love [NAME]. I hope she can hold on in 2020.
@WaterboysAS I would never strategically vote for someone I don't agree with. A lot of the Clinton vote based on fear and negativity.
A 9-day holiday just means juggling two weekends — still full of shifts. If you can grant holidays, do it; if not, forget it. Stop fancy “rescheduling.”
TSM would be cool
What about the hipster couple? Were you able to get their lawn on track?
I am ashamed of your sequel memes. Prequel memes or no memes
if your favorite subreddit is the correct spelling of Zack then you’ll LOVE r/zach
My jaw was pretty messed up for a month or so (Swollen, couldnt eat without terrible pain.
I haven’t read the Quran and I doubt you have either so I can’t agree or disagree with this statement.
Sweetie, you claim you’re happy but you sure don’t sound like it.
You don't get it, do you? There has already been a 51% attack attempt at BCH and the attackers lost.
Oh and they had a private bar cart thingy inside the marquee
They'd never give her a crown but it would be so good to see her back on my screen.
How is recognizing a sovereign country as a country hate?
We lap up the bitter tears of misguided young men, some weird stuff in here.
I understand. Thank you for the suggestion.
Drink a lot of water.
does any body notice that 8 in 2018 looks weird
Seen cases with only script, no slogans — reviewers didn’t get it, project failed.
Of course this is the type of dude to CC a .45 caliber.
My stomach felt a bit queasy all day yesterday so it was difficult for me to eat a lot, but I managed to have half a banana and a lot of water immediately after the race.
Even a pencil✏ never #stayed  with me until it's #end ⚫ 😞 #stayed #end
They don’t like to be excluded from anything
which is What* he did
What kind of source has that info but not enough to say what would come back in trade? Meh... I'll ignore this one.
The patriots have the lamest color rush jerseys in the whole nfl #madden (I hope they wear them tonight) #madden
That's what I said! I'm like "I wonder how he kept that much of the profits?!"
I have a 4 inch penus and $27. Do I win?
I'm lactose intolerant, still I hope u OP and everyone else loves their slices.
I suspect there's a difference between people who have an interest in makeup and those that don't on this.
Honestly, whatever kills the hangover. I do bacon mac n cheese and a spinach smoothie. Weird combo, I know.
>Dogger Expected something waaaaay different.
Well aren't you a pleasant person. It was recommended that I share it here, but it seems like you're the epitome of infuriation, huh?
Where does this one person every 67 hours statistic come from?
THANK YOU!!
You may be harder on yourself than necessary. Keep praying and confessing your sins. No one is perfect
Tell her off yourself (and poke her in the back) that she's way too old and way too heavy to be pulling this stuff.
Hope all is well now xo
They make money to sit and talk to you there's no reason to feel like a burdon cause it's legit their job.
If she canf even protect herself what the fuck is she doing in a business that protects others.
I once looked at the I-95 and was hospitalised for weeks.
First day of fall quarter tomorrow.  😰  #excited #anxious #blargh #excited #anxious #blargh
But muh narrative! Orange man caused this!!!!!
[NAME] didn’t actively take any guns or accessories from me. [NAME] is... stop repeating circa 2012 Fox News propaganda to protect an active traitor.
Lions fan.... Thanks for the beer. It's the first thing I've ever won.
#I am relaxed #i
y'all don't understand. this woman's wrath is REAL. 🌹🖤
broken policy' #blasio &lt;&gt; #trump #giuliani 'broken windows' all part of 'pecking order' #bully politics #america RESIST #motto #blasio #trump #giuliani #bully #america #motto
thank you maybe its just best if i forget it.
That happens and is his own fault. Glad he's gone and Juve have [NAME] now.
Definitely gonna go lookin' for that mod.
Wow, someones lived a sheltered life.
Yeah, so dont make any sudden movements when cops are getting you out of a room where you were reportedly aiming a gun at people from your window.
I don't think you should ever be forced to do any work, so obviously not.
Lead is probably 5-7 points, similar to 2018. The race was closer than expected, so there’s no reason to lose hope.
You are an awesome person
She always says the most basic things"wow he hit him" and her lisp is pretty annoying.
Omg [NAME] is so cute in this artstyle
@ggreenwald What if the supposed animosity is all bullshit to con the Iranians?
You make soap? That's awesome.
You can do it girl! I believe in you! :)
Thank you for correcting me on these! I have taken them down. I will do more research in the future.
lmao i love this!
[NAME] giving us an iconic HUH! HUH! I'm acting moment LMAO.
I really love the customer service @LifeProof they're always so nice, helpful and cheerful !
Don't include me in this us! Just kidding.. We need some love and fast.
Looks extra creepy in light of the recent revelations about his campaign.
Sarah is a complete lunatic. How Chad is still giving her his time is beyond me. #cbb #mad #crazy #cbb #mad #crazy
Without a pandemic, holidays mean going out; with one, no matter how many days off, we’re just stuck at home.
Lol thank you so much for pointing that out. It’s the “re” on the “tard” cake.
That’s a catch all term not a breed, but yeah it includes spaniels like this one
Lol the actual state of this Nothing wrong with pointing out [NAME] was a cunt snowflake Suppose it makes a change from your usual woman hating posts
lmao she WHAT
This is why im happy [NAME] is our owner. I don’t see him being a cheapskate
Yeah, still the wrong strain to even remotely dive into CBD therapy (<0.7, yikes)... but I understand your point.
Following in the long tradition of network cop shows. Dat [NAME] ass tho.
Looking cool [NAME]
Because lowest price technically acceptable is in the best interest of the government *Eye twitches* ^^^*help* ^^^*meeeeee*
Looking good boah
Why do we play NJ so shitty?
The best meme
Losing to Villa...'@M0tivati0nQuote: Most of the things people worry about are things that won't even matter to them a few months from now.'
Cheap pout my brodcast
 ughh I just want all this to be over.. it's like a nightmare! can we all just get along?
To all of you who never had to take the SATs, consider yourselves lucky.
Naw, you're good. They had something else and lost it. Don't feel bad
I’m broke as shit and already do that.
I need like a drawn out visual or something
Oh so now we’re not letting plays finish before calling offside cool..
you guys are mean lol. teacher said talk to a forum if there's no existing church. thanks anyways
[NAME] that poor man just cut em off
There is no such thing as 'incel worldview'. Youve been indoctrinated by other subs, most likely [NAME]. Admit that you're wrong and move on.
Feel free to use as many rhymes as you want, after all you have the final say of your word play.
Yes, listening to loud noises can damage your ears. Temporarily and permanently.
FaceTime with wifey!! Happy anniversary!
> if i no longer lived in a nuclear armed/~~major power~~ a *somewhat important but nowhere near as important as they think* power FTFY
I totally agree and I think this was suggested before as well
The law has recognized Ms. Jiang’s right to compensation. After so many years, this matter should end, and she should start a new life. Liu has already been punished by law, but not sentenced to death. Donations are voluntary — if it’s not illegal, why interfere? Even if the court orders compensation, she can’t pay if she has no money.
If the hot end starts pointing towards space you are having a bad problem and you will not go to space today.
Miss you...
Fuck daesh *
Why to have vanity sizes?Now sizes S,XS(evenXXS sometimes) are too big, WTF?! Dear corporate jerks, Lithuania didn't need this. #rant #angry #rant #angry
I adore this. It gave me so many chills of happiness!
It continually amazes me how many people don't understand this.
Nevertheless I pulled my hand away.
I just hate the "I don't know" people
Dallas should feel absolutely horrible this is a 1 goal game given how patheticallly bad the Devils are tonight.
wow :o this was included in the playlist #awesome #awesome
[NAME] was our second best hitter, [NAME] was the best
So there’s a statue commemorating unsolicited fingers in anuses on football fields?
Maybe he just never wanted to be a head coach and was content with being a defensive coordinator? Either way, I’m excited!
The fake news media and it's supporters are the enemy of the people.
Platinum is the best Pokemon
I've tried this and I chipped my tooth on the tiny fork cause I'm used to plastic lol!!! I'm a mess
Imagine thinking you can learn what you need to about parenting from a paper lol
And the Reds. I subbed over at r/Reds after [NAME] went over there and their excitement at things actually happening fills me with envy
Sorry if this is ignorant but is that a wig?
I’ll let you believe that for now. You’ll see what I mean in 3-5 years Have a nice night stranger
What about fees? Much of the hit for a payday loan isn't interest, technically, it's fees.
You’re good, no worries
I buy VHS, DVD and Blu-ray. I have a huge collection.
Go with [NAME] brah
Watch your back u/Youareapooptard, [NAME] might hunt you down and burn you alive for that relatively minor insult
I hope you get the mental help that you clearly need.
@NRA @HillaryClinton  She never said anything about taking away guns but I would now bc of your stupid scare tactics for gun sales.Sickening
Never underestimate the stupidity of people
Shock collars are horrible. They poor pup. 😫
Sure but Ireland chose to join the EEC, that was and is a policy decision.
[NAME] way of doing things is straight trash for [NAME] lol. The latter end of the competition being bottom is a default sometimes.
I had the biggest smile!
[NAME] couldn’t get them to the playoffs. Pulling out [NAME] for him is dumb
The second one protects all the others and also I don't know all the others!
@MonikaGoswamiRK I just see 2 episodes #DilLagi but still curious why you're falling for the Hero 😆 watching more soon.. 😉😃 #dillagi
Hate that scene? Believe it or not, jail.
Yeah lazily typing a naughty word to some retard on the internet is a real indicator of being angry rofl
Shhhhh you are devastating their argument. You might trigger them. It’s the only trigger they love.
The paradox is not working, then also collecting entitlements is still theft.
We're trying to be 3-16 on the road with a positive point differential lol
Or in the language of the MSM "unwanted home visitors".
I feel like you just jinxed them 🤫
I have never been so scared.
Without him, I wouldn’t have watched it. Everyone I know only watched because he acted in it.
The hell? That’s like one-in-a-million chance! Only thing that’d make it crazier is if we’re in the same city lol
“Siri. Call Delivery.”
Kayaking on a hot summer's day with just enough of a breeze to rock you with the waves. I can almost fall asleep out there.
oh [NAME], the fumbles.... all the fumbles
I guess u were right since [NAME] just posted on ig the Dress made of tampons and pads lol
I tried to punch him, but my arms were tied behind my back.
Thanks for the tip! I just watched it and now I want more insider info!
Goodness, don't say that. But then, if that half is the one that survives I don't want to
And also, turning someone's hands into spaghetti is cruel and inhumane and not a reasonable punishment for theft.
I got sort of excited and really was hoping it was [NAME]. Obviously it's not.... so yey... mystero.
This is extremely dangerous. And would completely marginalize anyone without a chip. Making it an absolute necessity for everyone to have a chip.
> I feel the big man deserves some love. Because people on places like /r/pcmasterrace doesn't treat him like the second coming of [NAME].
This just makes me feel inferior at this point.
Thank you, have never been to a church and couldn’t have know it is called a pew.
Thanks for being here. :-) We can always use allies.
*Googles what is the third leading cause of death* Google *updated*: Measles causes by stupid people not vaccinating their children
This took a melancholy turn but my point is that for all the difficulties I'm still happy. Happy that I get to be who I am.
Ahem....Repost Alert!
I’ve never heard him say it but I wouldn’t be surprised if he did. It’s believable enough
Cool story bro.
I admit I’ll be fairly happy if we continue to invest in young internationals and sign a $100+ mil free agent every offseason.
Interesting. Such a different approach than the evangelist efforts I’ve experienced from “mainline” [RELIGION].
They say this picture is magic. You see whatever your heart most desires.
Nah, I got married in Texas about 20 minutes after I got engaged.
I absolutely love having an anxiety attack halfway through a family meal
Glad that's settled
Why am I excited for the new season
Scat will NEVER be my thing. Or vomit.
Why don’t they follow the rules? If it’s because they’re foreigners, then send them back where they came from! China’s pandemic control shouldn’t tolerate such people!
What a refreshing question and topic of discussion. 👏 NOT 🙄 *“Discuss.”*
How? The feds shut down Craigslist
Isn’t /politicalhumor a sub that barely has any real activity though...?
ordered my vacation bathing suits. one less thing to fret about.
You make it hard
Thus confirming that trump supporters dont actually know how the US Gov works.
A share house should be alright but getting a place on your own is pretty pricey.
I had never been so scared.
Pulp Fiction is fucking amazing
Sadly they aren't in control. [NAME] is and he'll always do the worst possible thing.
> "NOPE!" Had a good laugh out of that
That would increase [NAME] political power inside Turkey even more. Especially when he is getting weaker because of economic distress and refugee problem
Blue Cheese is about as close as my lips and tongue are going to come to pronouncing that. lol
[NAME], [NAME] is starting a marriage with infidelity and drunk proposals. I hope a happy and long married life for him.
Because the false accusation makes my anxiety worse
This really shows how young and ignorant most of them are.
[Moment of levity on the B41] Baby: I want ISIS! Give me ISIS!\nMom: Shh!\nBaby: I want ISIS!\nWest Indian woman: She wants what?\nMom: *Ices*.
Okay then. It sounds like you have it all figured out. Good luck.
I guess they still have hopes to keep AD...
@maggyvaneijk Old age?! No hope for the rest of us. Destined to become deatheaters by 50
last year i had a major crush on one of my guy friends. still do.
Thanks for the sauce boss
Now all I’m imaging is [NAME] casted in the American pie movies as [NAME]. Thank you for this memory.
I lost about 30 before anyone said anything. I think people probably noticed before then, though.
So does this mean Android phones can share cables with iPhones now? No more charger worries?
`` My eyes widened.
Right? Remember when she requested evidence of pill testing being successful? Then the stats came in from Canberra. #calledyourbluff #calledyourbluff
@ATTCares this really sucks how much your customer service sucks. I've been hung up on three times and this is absolutely horrible.
Thank you! It sucks but not being a zombie is so worth it!
Ah, tis the coder life. Be glad you didn't accidentally wipe a database or something, haha.
Im retarded lmao Etiz/flualp
I kinda feel like you may be my auntie. Florida?
You'll find a lot of those posts in most Tulsi threads
It's not like the picture looks bad. Wait, no, I take that back immediately. I can't unsee it now too.
The Tommy Gun as a crate weapon! Just the worst feeling.
I actually have an odd feeling the game will become even more fun than before.
I do that with chili...
She said that? Wtf?? That's fucked up. I shouldn't be surprised. Hypocrisy is common with this bunch.
I remember that one! She was so proud of herself for all the organization and I just felt bad for the kids.
their just mad because i love olicity and i think it's the best ship in the whole arrowverse. oh and because i think laurel is trash.
There isn't a lot left, so I'm going to summarize from this point on.
I’d add “can’t host” to the list haha
FUCK YESSSSS CJJJJJJJJ
Can confirm. My downvote was removed. Added it back just now. Edit: My mistake. It was a different video.
Well come on out here, lil buddy.
Taking umbrage because Jimmy Carr claimed that Bilbo Baggins went to Mordor on 8 out of 10 cats does Countdown. Know your Baggins', mate.
Hahahaha I love this man
Gahs that’s so sweet
Happy Wednesday night brother.
Youve missed everything.
Thank you for educating me. Lol
Ahhh, I see. I thought you were saying they made you afraid of the sessions.
Don’t be silly. Fiat on/off ramps will always be centralized.
I hated that smug ass lawyer.
Because he's in dirt, and probably didn't have much practice
Hope he hires a better lawyer and translator. His mom should either stay silent or get media training — don’t let them trap you.
It’s saved in the cloud now lol
Point is, you’ll have to come clean. Sooner rather than later. And if she loves you, she can forgive you.
I was wondering if it's Oxford, felt like I walked under that bridge.
Does it have to be a pharmacy I’ve went to?
I didn't read that but so what?
You are doing your kids such a grand favor! I wish I were raised like that.
You smile warmly at people.
None, I know nobody or have anyone nearby who can help.
My arms are hairier than yours and my husband has never minded.
It's not healthy though. It's processed. Lol, I see what you did there. Pun intended?
One day I was searching through my drawers in my room and I found a cassette tape of Babar the elephant.
"Time heals all wounds. Give time time." Best of luck to you.
my life in one word is depressing
Really? Wow I was sure they were huh. Even still I feel like he needs berserker light damage for that sword
i'm late to class (zero period) almost everyday because of looksmaxxing. i wake up at 5:45 so i can't wake up any earlier
Who said this? Terrifying! This will only make ordinary people suffer more — in the name of ending things sooner, aren’t we just enforcing even stricter one-size-fits-all measures?
Omg I'm so dumb I didn't even think of it like that.
This makes me smile!
By the time Tuesday afternoon came my brain was gone.
Xuanzhu believes there was a plot all along — he endured, kept training, made a comeback, and brought honor to the nation.
Being shy is the biggest struggle of my life. 🙄
I’ve seen it too. I think it was an honest mixing of the words.
Underrated joke... haha
Those are horrible things to say to a child, let alone a 3 yr old. I would be pissed!
Camera person is not thst far away. Im guessing like 1 yard. Its not too far to save the kid
Light of day per heyday popularization backfire cinematography: XUcQb
This guy has the charisma and sex appeal of overcooked noodles.
after another rape joke, though I think both times he was quoting It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Besides, Canada is extremely choosy about the kind of people they allow in.
Queen Bey will be smiling over sixth this afternoon
Yeah but being president is the only thing keeping him from being indicted so he’s kinda stuck.
Has anyone else realized that there are 16 [NAME] on this glorious movie poster?
No idea, don't see the EU budging, probably some vague clauses that have no weight.
I think iPhone 11’s still fine for years — baseband’s weak, but I’ll drop the idea of upgrading to 14.
Bingo! I would not/could not be in a relationship with someone who denies their child a parent by choice.
My heart sank.
I like turtles
I loved the first one, but haven't gotten around to the second one yet.
I’m finding lots of tribes here, thankfully. Between [NAME] and a narc mom & sister, I am extra screwed.
it’s starting to get weird
You freakin wizard, I love this.
ITT: r/politics learns what a marginal tax rate is... and now they are experts.
And is that good or bad?
Do you really think anyone would support this legislation on any side. Jeez man lay off the [NAME] plus that would really destroy the CIA/FBIs blackmail program lol
it's pretty depressing when u hit pan on ur favourite highlighter
No, because men get attacked for wearing skirts simply because they have a penis. It's a social thing, not a legal one.
Oh, I ripped one 😉🍁🔥😗💨☁️💯☁️🤙🏻
Ha! @mquirk @joshuahoodbooks Got your book after our 'meeting' at the Starbucks in NOLA. If Josh says it's terrific, I'm all in.
Why would you doubt it dumbass?
My wife is out for shabbos and I'm so lonely without her :(
@jjskeffington @foodbelfast I dread to think!
Huh. So it really comes down to looking at her senate career vs her AG career.
Wait till I show up in threads and start saying opposites just to trick you.
Some people demand absolute “right/wrong.” With 300k tenants per area, shifting policies, scarce supplies, delayed tests, positives everywhere — chaos! Government’s job hard? Yes! Migrant workers’ lives hard? Also yes!
It's the same with librarians. Out someplace, see someone with a confused look, and that autopilot kicks in.
Are you sincerely saying that [NAME] are bad because they were in the minority?
>Why are you so worried about my comments when you live in Wisconsin ...what?
Not really sweaty palms, but holy hell that's uncomfortable as all hell...
yesterday i finished watching penny dreadful and from all the beautiful things i saw one question remains: were the writers HIM's fans?
I love this drink.GIF
Pretty certain it was already reported a long time ago that Japan was getting the censored cut of the game.
Maybe I'm crazy but to me it looks like she's just giving a "thank you" nod
@MlaStandard The depth that you've sunk to. You're readership deserves more.
Oh ok, thanks for that. Didn’t know.
I don't know what's more embarrassing, the fact I watch the show or own a Roku TV.
My type of cheerleader. Those are some good looking guys
Had a buddy fly from BC to Ontario yesterday with an illegal ounce in a ziploc. No problems.
I had soup and applesauce with pudding for dessert.
140 lb man. I could stand on it no problem. Jumping off would not be wise. Clearly.
I cannot imagine being so fragile that being able to smile threatens your identity and world view.
Why the fuck do people have these conversations in public
You are not stupid, just overthinking, it will get lost in countless other posts and in the future it won't matter, good luck.
I didn’t downvote you because I would like to know the reasoning first.
I'm happy however those two don't get a ring. Would be overjoyed if it was at the hands of [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME].
@RIPPoohSavage u know ion play that shit bout my weary brother
Great idea! Thanks :)
bows are world of tank creats rubberbath sting weeks of
[NAME] is my fav skater of all time he's sick
He’d be amazed i was alive and I’d have a super hot wife.
Shoutout to the drunk man on the bus who pissed in a bottle and on the seats #grim #grim
> [Citation needed] The fact that no woman will date you.
Season 3 of penny dreadful is on Netflix...well my afternoon is filled
Ugh. I know that interchange too well. People around here have been driving bonkerballs the last month or so too (more than usual)
This is actually really sweet... 46 g of sugar per tattoo sweet
Love your new show @driverminnie
I hate Twitter
The best part however was when she jumped into the pictures and pushed the dog into my hands.
I have never visited the NOLA, but I hear it has great blockparty and festival cultures (Mardis Gras being the main one)
Damn so the Patriots are gonna get thielen after all
I just want to let everyone out there know you are wonderful people! #beyourself #happy #cheerful #late-night #compliment #behappy #beyourself #happy #cheerful #late-night #compliment #behappy
> Greece and Turkey to go bananas. Would you be willing to explain, please?
Yo, this was me last week. Good luck.
Have you never been to this sub before? This is like 40 percent of the people here
...oh goddamn it, that's in my sales territory.
Her absence is probably the greatest present she can give you. Enjoy it while you can.
Heh I love this.
Does that make a meaningful difference? Which organisations is he talking about? No specifics, just a general smear of experts.
Nets well run? Should I being bring up the trade?
Guangzhou’s Covid control was good; after leadership change, a mess — seems meant to wreck the economy.
@jonnyp_43 @MedicNow like going to a so called cardiac arrest that turned out to be a cut finger! #fuming #medchat #fuming #medchat
Oh no! That’s my favorite! Nothing like losing an organ to get you to eat healthier.
Not to mention the small electronic machines that we all carry around in our pockets. It'll be interesting to see how this impacts online casinos that accept cryptocurrency.
Me, joining in everyone in the room saying it when she appears....
very interesting - I’ll have to read up on him - thanks :)
Sorry, I live in the real world. Just because you don't like facts doesn't mean they don't exist.
Because he's a couple years older and not as good. If the trade is [NAME] for [NAME], then sure...
LOL SO RANDOM
I really want to go home — it’s so hard. Annual leave’s only a few days, yet 14-day quarantine + 7-day home isolation? How to work or feed my family? Some are even low-risk! Migrant workers suffer — one chance a year to go home, and it’s called “malicious return.”
damn, congratulation 🤣
Oh by bad
A complete lack of self-reflection is a prerequisite for being a [NAME] supporter.
You would know if you weren't such a Filthy Ricefield Peasant.
What you fiend!!!!! But seriously, how do these guys feel about animals fucking then?
I laughed so hard at that episode, I remember my parents coming into my room asking "What happened, are you ok?"
Utah is a beautiful state. I’ll give you that. I spent a week at Bear Lake and it was pretty amazing.
Why'd I get downvoted? Am I not allowed to watch Spider-man?
Cloning shouldnt recreate sensitivity to the Force.
Thanks for all the replies! Not much of a public speaker, but can manage...hopefully lol
Suck really hard and hope it ends soon? And don't swallow!!! Bleck - sex is so much better with a woman.
Your Mom was ruled by [NAME] dynasty that happened to be Macedonian for the next three centuries.
I live near the riot area — they’ve been locked down for 21 days. It started with just a few cases, but the garment factory secretly shuttled materials, now everything’s chaotic. When supplies were first distributed, people rushed and looted — those in front took everything, others went hungry. Who’s really to blame?
Smoking kills you!! It is bad for you!!!!
i suppose it did, but the kick follow up whiff is what i was really pointing out
So no replays for arsenal penalty calls.. Cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool
Just one or two, but it is hard since so few transphobes *have* souls.
I think you have a fundamental misunderstanding of biology ...
[NAME] is a legend.
Weird how the cops can pick and choose which laws to enforce and when, but I guess that explains a lot.
That's very [NAME] of you.
Yay, cold McDonald's. My favorite.
You look like a bear.... An ugly cartoon bear
More Nice Guy IMO.
@frecklybellamy the walking dead, mr robot, american horror story, merlin
Don’t forget sports gambling. THEN we’ll be happy.
"They say you have to spend money to make money. I don't know where we went wrong, we spent *all* our money"
Yeah! Despite being from the east coast I've never been in the car when it's hailing so it was a full on argument. Thank you!
9/30 Howland Cultural Center, #BeaconNy Vickie Raabin &amp; Chris Raabe #blues #soul 8pm  @LocalMotionWVKR @hiddencitiesnyc 845-831-4988 #beaconny #blues #soul
Oooo too soon man
@FoxNews Yeah we're also experiencing terrorist attacks by Islam and #BlackLivesMatter at an alarming rate. #blacklivesmatter
Our road still hasn’t been salted on Troy Hill
Perhaps I'm biased, but it seems to be the most popular. So many references in TV Shows and Movies.
The dad is a lvl 35 alcoholic and the son is a lvl 1 crook
What is with the pet worship? Should be more worried about your elderly relatives.
Thank you!! Every time I see someone say “with one exception” I’m like nooo! It’s a song too!!
@LonelyGoomba UK cops have an issue fearing intervention. Hence situations like Rotherham. So of course it'll be dwarfed by US cops.
@mattwruff sadly there is constitutional RIGHT to have abortion. Yet there is constitutional RIGHT to life. Safety net protects those rights
even if it looks like we are okay,  the reality of that is were actually very worn out and forlorn
You had me at Atheism... Invite to discord
Very good post brother you hit the nail on the head. It is unfortunate that people downvote this post to the bottom when you explain so well.
If you think all manufactured foods haven't got those contaminants then you're sadly mistaken.
@cameronNewton #colinkaepernick protests because of the unjust murder of #keithlamontscott in North Carolina #injustice #outrage #speakout #colinkaepernick #keithlamontscott #injustice #outrage #speakout
these are quite normal thoughts for depressed people
Reality: someone sees a pet outside and thinks it doesn't have a home, so they adopt it.
Yes, I'm just banking on the fact that there will be a bigger idiot than me out there. :-)
I will read these articles. Thanks for sharing.
May i have joke I can't find it
His left hand is mightily fucked.
I know but it just sucks to feel like this
damnit i've been enjoying the mutual pisstaking with my Swedish mate
wrong place thats hilarious
It’s pretty embarrassing to see a grown man be taken down by a dog when the man outweighs the dog by a lot lmfao
Weird how they shoehorned s character from an ongoing tv show into Celebrity Big Brothter. Glad they got rid of him after one episode though.
Several of the reaction they laughed so hard at were just people turning and looking. They just acknowledged they heard something.
Maybe that's why it's interesting.
That's not cute
“My- my god I- it is time for me to bear children.”
get the fuck over yourselves. we are the most capable and you wanna sit and sulk in your bullshit and fear of failure honestly fuck yourself
I’m sorry where is that?
They seem to be about 1/2 the price anyone else has quoted me, so it`s a good place to start, thank you!
I draw on the bark with my fingers the roots that twist and twine at my side.
agreed 100% if's freakin ridiculous! I think YouTube pays them to influence you to pay for the You Tube subscription just to NOT see these ads!
Disgusting trash feminazis, fuck your hijab
This is a huge stretch, but I would enjoy seeing some tweets from her hubby about it...
[NAME]?! Welcome to the show!!!
Sorry I am kind of new to posting here. Didn't even know that existed! Gonna try and move over there.
I think the one thing we can all agree on is Kill Mikol. This was too difficult to answer in full..
Thank you for your opinion. I think I’ve been improperly placing myself in the comments too much, accidentally misusing this sub.
Beautiful shot!
I I'm so honored
@ofc_ALDUBQC Glad you gained some cheery vibes just by looking at our Happy Meal! 😊
Wow I hope TSM keeps this new midlaner they picked up.
I know I’m late, but happy cake day :D
I still think [NAME] is better, [NAME] normal are really bad...
There you go. You contradict your original position with the [NAME] scenario. That’s a good start.
I get hard in the morning from just standing up and my body not knowing where to put the blood. But any other time of day its always sexual
[NAME] oh my god
Thought this was about signing brown. Op is an attention whore
I really wanna go to fright fest 😩
That depends on the area. For a lot places they would need a warrant first.
Something something "low information voters" or whatever other euphemisms the bro-iest bros use for anyone not like them.
Being alone isn't the problem. Being **forever** alone is the problem.
Which is weird because it also looks like dog treats
@BigBrother__USA she is just jealous and a cry baby!  #gladsheisgone #crybaby #gladsheisgone #crybaby
There’s no PR firm in the world that could change her image, especially when she keeps creating fake accounts and being mean to people.
He also had a huge game. He was taking advantage of [NAME]. So without him this game isn’t even that close.
That is definitely an unpopular opinion. Upvoted.
One time I saw Rachel from glee tell someone their job was on a pole and I said that in 5th grade to a boy and he look confused
Hi Disappointed, I’m Dad!
They are all secretly projecting their own cheating onto us. Emotionally stunted 5 year olds with zero impulse control will do that.
It’s way too broken, anyone and their dog can use it.
tf, didnt know that thx
ya keep pretending you can tell people what to do... see how that works out for you
Why am I seeing this everywhere now? This wasn't in my vocabulary last week.
My girlfriend always says “Them’s the rules.” And I love it. I also love “I don’t make the rules.”
nothing specific. it varies. it's rare.
It’s your choice what you choose to do, but just know you’ll be surely missed by loved ones.
i’m so proud of you!! good job dude!! :)
I joined the poll “Which song gave you strength?” and voted JJ Lin’s Love & Hope. Come cast your vote too~
As someone who is not based in America and has the basic understanding of a toddler about molecular science in terms of football, why do you hate him?
Happy New Year everyone! It’s 11:42 in CA 2019’s almost here
The best part about this is that everyone was trolled from Fox to the Mary Shitbag
How can [NAME] be so stupid?
Ur mom causes a 2.6 just getting out of bed in the morning amirite?
&lt;3 Hopefully we'll meet in person eventually, but we live 9000 miles apart and neither of us have much money.
I for the life of me can’t figure out what this has to do with polyamory
Not sure why this is sitting at -10. Thanks for your concise explanation of both sides.
[NAME], I hope your plot armor is strong enough to save [NAME] from a ship crash.
2 biggest fears: incurable STD's and pregnancy...I mean, they're basically the same thing anyway #forlife #annoying #irritation #weirdsmells #forlife #annoying #irritation #weirdsmells
:). Can you post your percentages tho, I am curious.
We're all [NAME] fans in our hearts
Poor guy :(
@GuardianAus @guardian because there is a realistic probability that a clown might be their next president. #clown #uspol  #clown #uspol
We need these people on our side; arguing with them may be both thankless and fruitless, but the argument must be put to them.
To me, the best smell a person can have is just a clean smell.
Maybe, but I don’t think he’s capable of make a studio by himself lol
I had really strange and awful dreams last night. I'd didn't even eat cheese before bed #nightmare #lovemysleep #nightmare #lovemysleep
Let's not try to pretend both were equally bad, [NAME] was magnitudes worse
Your VR program is a *game* changer I see what you did there, [NAME]
Lol, talk about a blast from the past! Your comment really doesn’t solidify any points.
Typical spewing of logical fallacies by a dotard. Go back to bestgunnit and play with the other special needs children.
Not really, just wanted to know why specifically you thought he was on gear. (Because I honestly don't see it)
The only thing that stops a depressed guy with a gun is a physiologist with a gun. << [NAME]
That's how reddit works.
Such grace.
Oh [NAME] how awful
Or at least a couple more visits to the booth. I enjoyed hearing him adding to the banter.
They do it because easily entertained people appears to be .... entertained by this. So they won't stop until people stop clicking on this trash
Don't do that.
This is simply beautiful <3 thank you for sharing this, it touched my heart to hear such a wonderful success story <3
YOU WIN!
why I wonder?
That was the worst power play I’ve ever seen
Because Im going to feel sorry for the death of someone who assaulted me. Sure thing buddy.
"And then I apologized and expressed remorse over the situation"
So, for the second time in less than twenty minutes, Ive had my dream crushed and my blood pressure boiling.
Like idgaf if it’s fortnite themed I need those in my life again
That's what I thought, but upon closer inspection it's missing the Ontario shield of arms.
Browsing through that page about wheels, this castle wheel, by H. H. Napier / Glenfield Industries, caught my eye.
Uh no. He hates [NAME]. Not in A kayfabe way. He doesn't like [NAME] at all.
Rainy weather must have gotten them... no idea. But i've never seen a dead hummingbird and saw 2 within 5 feet of each other :(
You guys actually look really similar to me besides the hair/beard. But that's not a bad thing!
They wanted me to talk directly to them but I've been refusing. I hope our relationship improves quickly. I really do. Thanks
What do you mean when you say picking a side of history
There was years of "stuff" in the house.
Because sometimes the middle is still wrong
Let people have fun
Live simply. Dream big. Be grateful. Give love. Laugh lots. - Unknown #quote #inspiration  #quote #inspiration
Still freaks me out to remember it.
can we get a power stone remake? how about dragons dogma 2?
dont be scared
You seem fun
The best ad placement.
INTP or not, that’s the universal language of interest, at least in my book.
Shows you how important posing is...
extra hot on whipped drinks? excuse me? i don’t want to burn my tongue on my CDL. extra hot on sauce-based beverages.
Yesterday I remembered that this game existed and was happy that I waited and didn't buy into a game that would be dead in a month.
Why is there a huge focus on the living room? The perspective confused me so much.
Forgiveness might make us look weak, but the weakest person is the one who holds anger, hatred, and revenge.
It’s good to be in good relations with other gms. The bulls basically did the rockets a favor. We got money and build rapport.
Cancel your trip, man. This shit all too much for you
Good advice right here and good things to think about.
Omg!!! just saw an interview of her! Wow this [NAME] is a horrible mother!!! Oh my Gooood! 😱
This is gold!!!!! Im impressed. Very accurate.
I hate it when mom and dad fight.
Do you remember this zoo? I told you — I cried watching the animals!
It really is. I didn't know a thing about the feud and it caught me off guard how brutal it was. Enjoyed it a lot though.
How’s this different from mafia talk? Officials should care for the people — water can carry or capsize the boat. Such cold words break the hearts of citizens.
Yeah, I don’t get paid 30 million a year to get my a** kicked.
All parties in Guangzhou are doing their utmost to protect the city. The main outbreak remains in Haizhu District—commendable! Respect!
What happened to one of your star players?? i saw the headline 'freak injury' or someting like that.. but i was too scared to see someting gruesome..
Its not... your fault
Wow another person in Dunedin uses Reddit
@PatVPeters @FreeBeacon Quite the response of retaliation from Weiner in getting revenge on Huma &amp; Hillary 'clam digging'.\n#AllScumbags
Hell yeah! Don't let all the jokes get to you. You be happy being you!
Margin of error: 0.7%
Oh damn. I forgot about those guys. I never really play [NAME] lol
I love this so much, glad [NAME] made it to San Jose after all
That's amazing that it had 3-4 years' worth of stored energy in the trunk.
We locked our door and kept our lights on the whole night and just watched movies until dawn.
because energy drinks are the most fucked up you can get while still being sober
Doesnt have insane standards or anything. I don't see what's wrong?
H-how did I not notice that?! I was looking at some of those shoes yesterday
[NAME], not sure why my original thread discussing it was deleted
You did a good choice :) i hope all goes well im proud of you !!!!! :)
There's no excuse for him not reciprocating it's pure laziness. What about a 69?
My mistake. Didn't see it was already posted. Cheers.
I bet the same person rails against monopolies.
My eyes are half-closed, heavy from the liquor and not sleepin, but still they're watchful of the tender, who they suspect of fueling the glass every time I leave to piss.
This was my first Smiling Cat Diary — I loved it, reread the whole series. Sadly, childhood never returns.
Another church stolen from us. That’s okay, we will get it back in the great Deus Vulting.
Thanks man, my brother and my girlfriend just told me to laugh it off; but the thought doesn't stop haunting me.
Good to know! Very much appreciated ♥
I’m gonna need to see that in writing before I celebrate.
Nope. That’s a really inaccurate, misleading headline.
cause he constantly hates on [NAME] for no reason other than Petry having the puck on his stick more than anyone else on the team
Well, the bill was about 100+ per person. Must be amazing lunch there.
I’ve only gotta PC, so I legit googled this thinking that this was actually what happened hahahahahahha
Total: 80.5 miles ( 10,550 ' ) My legs felt great all week, which is really encouraging considering this is the first week of the taper.
Homing pigeons make the best SOs
Well two other close testers are really upset about rolling
A hatred for loot boxes and a desire to get them banned was quite popular on Reddit.
Since when can a family member drive against other familymembers because you both own it? That would go horrible if that argument was valid! What the hell!
@JoaquinPutoAmo vas a ir al de the amaity affliction?
Important part of this, surprising it's not there.
It says I love to make myself laugh
[NAME]. Think there’s some controversy over how common that was though
Still better than YouTube rewind
Is it against the Geneva convention to plant your enemies land with nasty cultureless bigots? It definitely should be.
That's slick, would love to see you guys do it.
It looks cool, but I’m really hoping they open up a non-permadeath server and allow transfers.
> When they tried paying... Did they pay their rent or not? Your post makes it sound like they didn't pay their rent.
You know what, I think we're gonna be friends. *Special* friends.
Yes, from the hairstyle they deduced Zhao Lidong was the umbrella — since then, he’s been the most hated character in the show.
Imagine we hadn't spent money on Barkley, Drinkwater, and Bakayoko. The money there would've been enough to buy someone like Isco
@TobyIrish1 Yes but you were specifically fuming about him not signing enough people
You’re not wrong, the red flags are there. You have every right to be concerned.
I've been feeling some weird guilt.
Did he run them into the car? It hasn't been proven that he was holding a gun. As of now it is only on the kids
I watched it for Zhang Yi — lots of shows skip promo. Even without it, audiences come for him — bet that annoys you.
yeah, those seem like they'll flop around quite safely...
I can feel my left knee getting sore now
@jamiesmart Huh! It's always my fault isn't it &gt;:( #huff #sulk #huff #sulk
I changed team snapchats name to “Bae❤️” so i get exited every time I get thing from them.
@RayGemini I've got 8 coming back this week. It's so joyous isn't it haha
He ran as a [NAME] in the Senate primary and then declined the nomination. Multiple times. He isn't "honoring" shit.
I stood there at the front door with the key in my hand and every time I tried to unlock it, I started shaking so much that I couldn't get the key in the lock!
But would the flashing swastikas be unexpected, if you already predicted them?
My dream place is Canada, my bi online friend moved there recently
They'll investigate themselves and nothing will happen. Detroit police bully everyone. An they wonder why no one likes them, Respects them, Or why people run from them.
my crush began to be annoying when i lost interest in him. it sucks either way
Really! Hard work truly pays off. Sisters who aren’t having an especially smooth time — don’t let others’ momentary belittling make you feel inferior. Every one of you is amazing!
I want to hug both of them.
I once had a guy yell something obscene from the window of his truck and throw a half full beer can at me too... good times
This video is what gets me saving into my future fund bruh. Edit: r/personalfinance
This seems like a very good write-up to me. I've been debating the issue a lot recently and haven't really come to a definite conclusion.
Yeah that last one made me hate her the most for some reason.
talking about [NAME] i think
Another establishment hit-piece against Saint Bernard
Nice mix of trashy and classy.
This is kinda cute
That's just the adrenaline. It'll set in soon, haha
Impractical Jokers...practically genius!!!  @BQQuinn #laughter #good4thesoul #ImpracticalJokers #bingewatching #laughter #good4thesoul #impracticaljokers #bingewatching
It's nice to see someone regognize my username :)
Every dancers dream song  #worldpower #worldpower
[NAME] who voted for [NAME] I voted for sicko mode
Lol, no.
Doesn't a business account also increase the amount per month that can be transferred back to your bank?
Weirdly enough Salad Fingers is one of [NAME] weaker animations, highly recommend ‘The Unfixable Thought Machine’
I pull the trigger, feel the recoil in my hand along with the professionally, almost muted sound and watch him shudder and then go limp against me.
Nobody likes you nonhuman mimics and everyone knows what you are.
Is it just me or is this a very weird time for the world? #change #enlightenment #gloomy #weird #sigh #imaginepeace #imaginelove #unite #change #enlightenment #gloomy #weird #sigh #imaginepeace #imaginelove #unite
That doesn't look too bad.
He was injured in real life, watch the news. He'll be back in ep 15 and fully recovered.
Man Southampton will wipe the floor with  west ham on Sunday. So disheartened
@FaithHill I remember it well #happy #afraid #Positive #happy #afraid #positive
Well I just love it when my Squad Leader puts the order on the Opponent's starting flag for the whole round while we lose everything else.
Thanks for the recent follow @discoverdelicio @johnmilley58 @OrbeauCustomer Happy to connect :) have a great Tuesday.
My doctor has taken a liking to poking prodding and drawing blood from me post dad. Over concern is nice but dear gawd needles :O
No problem mate. If you're looking for activities, give these boys a look:
I can’t wait
Says millennials are afraid of hard work, dismisses the hard work required to get a fit body.
Im on an SNRI, desvenlafexine, and it has honestly been life changing. I have zero side effects from it, whereas SSRIs made me worse
Gotcha. I was married a few years before that, but you might have known my sister. She dated a guy in your branch named [NAME]
I'm lost in my own little world.
if you have been on depression too u shouldn't be judging him and exposing him to everyone, but helping him
I was a little pissed off until I watched this loop 6 times. Now I'm happy! Weee!
Mate imagine reacting so poorly to be called out to calling anyone who has been discussing ozil and sven unreasonable.
Democracy doesn't work\n#mob #mentality #mass #hysteria #fear #mongering #oligarchy #mentality #mass #hysteria #fear #mongering #oligarchy
What are you apologizing for? Vent bro, that’s why we are here
As a person with autism and ADHD, at least I'm alive.
Put testing back in public hospitals, remove private labs — then pandemic control would normalize.
I would’ve LOVED to be a part of something like this as a kid!!
To be a buzzkill, something can be both depressing and uplifting and despite being depressing it is most definitely uplifting.
[NAME]: you lied to me.... I thought we were soul mates _blows up the building_ Or something along those lines
[NAME] saw him when I was 3
We have had luck with a ok to wake clock for quiet time! May be worth a shot.
Have you ever brought up your concern before? I understand if that is the only issue but if it doesn't change it could fester.
What in the West Virginia is this?
who was [NAME] #2 #2
I thought the daily "Could [hypothetical team X] beat the warriors?" post supplanted them all
It is heated overnight at much cheaper rates. They are very well insulated.
This is the sweetest thing ever, im gonna steal it and use it on my fiance
The most my dad did to help with the housework in 35+ years of their marriage was to lift his legs while mum vacuums around the couch
How dare you do [NAME] like this.
Homegirl has been my favorite since season 1. Just like [NAME] on Laguna Beach. Maybe bc they remind me of myself. 😬😬😬👀👀👀
I feel like Canadian Tire only exists still because "I guess I'll go to Canadian Tire, they'll have it"
@Lil_PowWow @jweiler0528 More fat = more buoyant. Day 1 water stuff
Because they want to. Why do you act like a goddamn weirdo about stuff like this?
@britishairways term 5 security queues at arrivals #shocking #shocking
80k/month? Damn. I need to become a Union Square store
Google gold's formula. It's what NRcan recommends. Few whitepapers will come up as well, if more in-depth research is your thing.
It's tasty. Had one on bone marrow once. I've had weirder things before
@berniedole looks that way. But let's think about Rohan last week ...
You must have depression and anxiety.
3:45am and off to the hospital! Elouise's waters have gone! #panic #Labour #LittleSister #superexcited #panic #labour #littlesister #superexcited
22 years to the day. It was uncanny.
There will always be ways for people that selfish to be more selfish. It's their superpower. 😂
[NAME]? That’s your answer?
Every day I think my #house 🏡 is #burning 🔥 but it's always just my neighbor burning their #toast! 😷😡🍞 #house #burning #toast
That's really it for my madden career that game sucks , ea sports does a piss poor job every year on that shit
Finished writing my second book tonight. #somber #sad #youpromised #havemercy #author #writer #needpublisher #beingedited #workingonsidebook #somber #sad #youpromised #havemercy #author #writer #needpublisher #beingedited #workingonsidebook
Got out in only 20, huh? [NAME].
Surely a ferry could be more cost effective and fun than that.
If everything came with wireless charging, it’d be pretty convenient — you could just place it down and charge, and it’d be a bit faster too.
As [NAME] says,"Just put your emotions over there and eventually you will die"
LONDON I honestly don't even understand this one
Congratulations, go for a beer and watch a Leaf game on Saturday! HNIC.
Whoa this is really creepy
Yeah I've noticed that. I probably give off Aspie traits to NTs but Aspie like traits bug me
When I looked at the picture, I thought for a moment that I was looking at a junk yard.
>"fun" is what you say when you can't give an objective reason something is good. -r/movies Filmé connoisseur
I'm just here to say fuck [NAME]
Don't let the behavior of others destroy ur inner peace.' -Dalai Lama @OWNTV #healing #depression #anxiety #intuition #meditation #book #healing #depression #anxiety #intuition #meditation #book
I tried my best, but my best was never enough. Thank you.
Velvet Taco, and it is amazing.
Other dude is right, OP and [NAME] comment got me masturbating
Ahhh, that was actually really peaceful and cathartic.
No I wish. They don't come to Texas very often.
@Kruzer You're not stealing my girl, I've solo'd Crota's End flawlessly. Do not try or face the wrath of the machine 😤
The usual suspects will all belive her to be a victim and pretend there is no reason she would lie.
Hope your first day goes well, what type of work are you doing?
Alright, and I remember what [NAME] is but I’m trying to go to sleep so don’t remind me.
Hmm it seems fun enough to build on my own but thanks!!!
Another one that is far worse happened maybe a year ago.
Who would have thought ! I'm glad he didn't shoot someone on his way down !
I switched to Ally and love it. 2.2% interest is awesome
There's that NPC reply i was expecting.
Japan shouldn't have attacked the USA.
This is adorable! But I don’t understand how he does that😂
I can't post on r/dankmemes :(
The great ancap argument lol
Fleur is already a French word, adding the la isn't really frenching it up fyi It's changing "flower" to "the flower" :)
I want a shirt that says "Brilliant, Beautiful, Ferocious, Thing". That's power.
I spent a few months in LA and it freaked me out every time someone zoomed past me.
Good morning chirpy #SpringEquinox and your pensive sister #AutumnEquinox A perfect day however it is expressed 🌹🍁🌓☯️ #theBeautyofBalance #springequinox #autumnequinox #thebeautyofbalance
So many great shows they killed because they didn't advertise them and put them at terrible air times :(
Any good reading on [NAME]? I don't really know if I like her or not.
Thank you! Much appreciated, as promised.
RemindME! 3 months
Of course he gets you, he’s your brother. j/k
how was your day?
That...that was way more disturbing than the top level sub. What the fuck?
I love [NAME] so much
He forgot about his head real quick after his legs got smashed
I wish the 'opt out of redesign' button actually worked :(
What? This isn't boys' night. I don't see [NAME] anywhere.
This is my favourite comment of the day. So because I don't like to be ripped off I should not be able to have a family?
shhhh before you make the neocons angry
[NAME] and [NAME] going on a bike tour is awesome IDK why I love it so much
I’m glad to see [NAME] finally get the big screen presence they deserve.
I don't remember the taste, but someone on my strange addiction tv show ate her late husband's ashes and described the taste.
Are 3% of [NAME] really vegan?? That’s fantastic!
PLEASE!!! That’s on a PERFECT day! I live here. Trust me. NOT always that simple!
Parents drugging their kids to prove a point. I love it.
Ahah! I bring tidings of good news for you friend, [NAME] has heard our cries and is WELL AWARE of our desires for Co op
I’m not signing that 😂 dude can hopefully stay banned
As kids, we roamed free—my siblings, neighbors, and I would trek far along rivers, snack on fruits, roast stolen sweet potatoes or peanuts, dig streams, climb trees, roam till dusk before heading home.
Weird, no formatting was applied. I changed to text
Another year filled with Mets disappointments...... LGM! Can't wait for Spring Training!
Now ask me if I care. It's irritating and stupid.
This is typical, as they need to justify their existence.
People have the right to #protest, Not to #loot &amp; #riot &amp; #terrorize #Charlotte\n#Violence &amp; #Anarchy is unacceptable\n@CNN #protest #loot #riot #terrorize #charlotte #anarchy
fuck lacy evens, she has not been impressive at all
That actually makes sense, thank you for answering my question. Did you try training your dog?
this is probably one of the top 5 most legendary copypastas from this community - I’ve always loved this one
@lilymooregrant u used to chirp me for drinking it u hoe
Good. Now all that is required is that people don’t show up.
I still think he should have been the first goalie in the 2014 World Cup. But alas that injury ruined everything.
He looked pretty into it when talking with [NAME]
what i dont understand is WHY the media hasn't yet picked up this story?? Especially with [NAME] in the zeitgeist.
Well this is terrifying.
What are the odds it isn't someone on this list? I don't remember if the [NAME] hire was totally out of the blue or not
Every cal person I have on my snap has chic-fil-a on their story.. Lol #Yummy #yummy
Dogs are so dumb sometimes but always so good :) I love dem dumb ones
I wouldn't get your hopes up until you've been dating a while.
Gonna get a cheeky nandos with the mandem
I wish I could hear Waves with earbuds/headphones for the first time again
And offensively boring!
@chloemcaleese what a nightmare!
Low effort bait, not even creative or funny.
Well, this is the first time I've seen that in over three years.
Glad to see those refs from the Rams/Saints game landed new jobs in WWE.
Maybe Shadow Creek Ranch, but I heard it's next to a dump and smells bad.
Even with previous context, his statement is still irresponsible. “Malicious homecoming” — how is “malicious” defined? Not in law nor policy — who gave him the right?
Thank you for those words. Your message made me feel better!
I moved from the midwest to AK about 6 months ago. Loving the Mat- Su winter compared to the midwest. DO NOT miss the wind at all.
@DocBellsSwan *peers down at you, eyes crinkling with mirth and affection* I do love ye so, my bonnie Belle.
My wife loves to sleep in over oversized clothes and a lot of times it ends up falling off one of her shoulders. Yes please.
Did you know I specialise in #anxiety  and #panic attacks? Get in touch for all of my solutions for you. #Coventry #anxiety #panic #coventry
Vapenorth.ca is a great place to order the Dyna from.
Well, my birthday is in January.
is your dad very wealthy by any chance [NAME]
This will pass and you will be stronger because of it
Nah man sorry if it's being taken wrong. I'm trying to say that I got an idea from her actions. Should have just said that
@AQpk which was worse than expected and hilarious too. no one will even remember.
Love those clips on YouTube, does this add anything to it? Considering Netflix's obsession with exclusivity, this is an unusual arrangement.
Thank you. I feel like I’ve scarred her for life, but I know that’s probably not the case.
Yeah. I was watching it on Hulu and thought it was interesting that [NAME] is getting shit on. The guy never asked for that...
Right on, just making sure someone wasn't trying to steal your OC
Everybody talks about this but I wonder if it increases the chances of prostate cancer. Do you know?
Are you thinking of Austin, home of Hormel and Spam?
No clue I’m doing some digging if you find it before me please comment
A work on yourself to change these issues. Or live a life without close connections. At the end of the day its depends on which you want.
We have enough places to start a convo with [NAME], but others have better pieces.
rather than wait for the site to load, we'll just tell you it didn't load - Reddit
Fact: Anyone who gives there money to someone looking like this deserves to lose it. Like, wow.
Cat noise was added in apparently. Still great video.
You crush them up
Mexico's or USA?
I’m sorry than happened to you and your family. Really puts things into perspective.. thank you for the reply !!:)
they do poorly making me feel otherwise
This is so creepy. Good riddance to awful rubbish.
Apparently all the money in the world can't buy a single person to tell you not give your own waist a hearty two-handed pinch while onstage.
well she went to prison for **armed robbery and kidnapping** so after learning this i could hardly give a shit about her
Great piece, thanks for sharing.
Dolores.' A thin lipped smile graced glossed lips as she let blues peer over at the woman. ' A constant delight.. As always.'
hope they had fun in the snow!
Definitely didn’t give [NAME] a huge scar
I just unassigned and left
This is my favorite game of all time. Thanks for bringing back some good memories!
What if the compensation is 700,000, but they raise 1,000,000 through donations—profiting 300,000! Then next time they’ll harm their best friend again for money! Why doesn’t the government regulate this kind of fundraising?
@HeyCaraJay I am inconsolable at this GIF in context
Thanks for your kind words, I really appreciate it and I hope you're right.
The toes stretched out as he hangs from the swinging door is too much cuteness for me
@ManUtd carrick and Herrera proved their worth last night. What more does Rooney need to do to get dropped #awful. Rashford needs to start #awful
Ayyy best game ever! Thanks for the love
You’re killing me. Let a brotha know next time lol
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen.
First I was afraid, I was petrified...
Finally! Now I see what I was doing wrong. PB, thank you!
YOU SUFFER ON YOUTUBE WITH THE REST OF US.....or you buy their CDs and rip em onto the computer <3
Just because you would laugh, doesn't mean that the guy in the video would.
What a load of old shite.
PLOTFORCE PRISON!
that scared me
Oh, I haven't see you since my accident that I had when I fell- I fell into the pool of acid, eyes first.
Tho we haven't talked Jeff but the news is so sad and shocking. R.I.P Jeffrey
Ah haven't heard of them before. [NAME] is from Fourig which is right outside Dayton. Congrats on your new addition! <3
The new live-action movie looks great!
I want my kids to feel like life will take care of them -[NAME] "LIFE will take care of them?" *signature [NAME] face* hahahhaha
I secretly hoped we would lose by like 70.. 35 is not enough
This was not only true, but pleasing to watch.
@MoAmali @awosss @Arsenalman2011 listen I dn't subscribe to this team coq Team xhaka stuff. I like all our players. Depth has me elated
Not looking forward to any holidays! When others work, we work; when others rest, we still work — and we don’t even get compensatory time off. Damn it.
Now let's sit down, relax, and have a nice cool glass of turnip juice.
Totally regret signing up with @sprintcare @sprint
The truly sad thing is she's getting burned to legitimize Russiagate. It's a shame she wasn't a legit whistleblower.
Hardly surprising. Now they also lost their coach... rip
Wow I didn't know it changed your face so it doesn't break rule 1 and 2? /s
You seem worried, [NAME].
I mean… yeah? So glad to be at that age where the conversation would be more uncomfortable for them than for me.
Maybe we’ve been mishearing the word ‘starch’ as ‘staunch’
Don’t ever play poker! Lol
Please, please, please don't do that to yourself. You'll end feeling worse when this guy leaves you.
It may be wrong, but it’s not far from the truth.
I did this with [NAME] to troll my friend who drafted him in a dynasty league about making bad picks. 10/10 would do again
See i hate [NAME] and got my ass kicked that game bc i couldnt use him so i was lime why me 😂
Do you agree that voter literacy exams and grandfather clause in post civil war USA were de jure racial-blind but de facto racist?
Ok mister [NAME] triggered boy
I love [NAME] but he seems to enjoy deleting his videos after a while :(
Misogynist! Anti-women! Bigot!
I’m so homesick and I come here for photos like this.
@theflabar It's a #foggy and #dark morning here - so #filter this time.  For #lighting purposes. :) #foggy #dark #filter #lighting
Crating your dog is also banned in some places, that doesn't make it cruel.
"therapy>no therapy" very debatable, my friend.
Stolen valor, there's no way someone who is actually in the military wouldn't understand this. You're a POSER
If someone has tithed 10% their entire life, fuck off with requests like this.
Same here — I used to run wild in the countryside, no one forced me to learn painting or piano, and my parents never pushed me too hard.
Denver will pay for bus fare so homeless people can come live here And we love it! That's where the tents come from!
Maybe it was fatigue, maybe I was just being dramatic but I raised my hand and touched the tender flesh of my cheek.
We'll worry about it tomorrow
Not everyone find it meaningful, but it helped me and my friends at least :) Hope others may find it useful too
It just never got weird enough..
The true horror of modern democracy is enabling those who say pork roll to have a voice.
Oh man, there isn't enough popcorn to enjoy this.
You’re not from Hainan, right? Yeshuh Group’s drinks sell great there — chrysanthemum tea, winter melon tea, cooling herbal tea, all popular.
Because sloppy seconds is a childish concept and I dont see bargain basement girls.
It's the hard R that'll get you in trouble.
Wow really great advice! I'm over here taking notes!
Bohemian Rhapsody is a horrible song. Really horrible. Queen had a lot of great songs, but that one wasn't one of them.
My last sentence was "I know you're right but still".
17.5 i pm what i got at 18
Let's refuse to live in #fear -  #c$%t #fear #c
Bridget Jones' Baby was bloody hilarious 😅 #BridgetJonesBaby #bridgetjonesbaby
You just make her sound awesome.
or when someone tells me I needa smile like excuse me ??? now I'm just frowning even harder are you happy
3:45am and off to the hospital! Elouise's waters have gone!  #Labour #LittleSister #superexcited #labour #littlesister #superexcited
I’m not usually into ASMR, but I’ll look into it! Thank youu
Yeah that happens t
haha. I think he means this in a good way. Just poorly verbalized.
Julia and I are finally going to be able to meet PTX #crying #crying
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @arbitraryvlog  #musically #musically
The light would come all the way up to your vehicle and then it would seem to vanish only to be on the other side of you heading the other way.
Noo this guy was parachuting down fromthe mount blanc to kill his self
We really need to stick to having helpful titles or a quick tldr.
Is she worse than [NAME] though?
I made the big time!
Sorry I failed to mention I'm relatively new to the scene . Last 2 years only
This is not helpful to OP who is going through some unbelievable trauma.
@patienceinbee @camposanto But I decided to be a bit lackadaisical about getting dressed to get groceries.
It broke my heart and nearly ruined me.
Just hold on a second...Curley: "Oh, ok, no problem"
That would be zero Just wait to see their coverage of the March for life.
If charity worked, everyone in the world would be fed and healthy in this precise moment. Also, how are you going to enact basic income without social institutions?
I hope you enjoy endless mosquitoes as the climate warms.
She had really bad chronic back pain from what I can remember, so was self treating with alcohol
Lmao no fun allowed
Your body, your choice. Sorry it had to mean the end of the relationship. But it's better now rather than later as tensions grow.
Loved @Bethenny independence msg on @WendyWilliams, be happy &amp; fulfilled within yourself &amp; positivity will flock to you #happy #independent #happy #independent
The man in the picture is a legend since he is the only non toxic and not annoying mic person
The Dyatlov Pass Incident.
I love Chinese buffets. All the ones in my town are gone, all buffets are gone, sucks
Looks like an HD image of the moon.....that garlic bread doesnt look too bad tho
Thanks! I’m only traveling for a week So I will for sure have less than 30g.
I hate the marvel stuff. I do love stuff like murder mountain and you. So that’s a hit for me in the last month.
I can't stand when a team member has no shoes, the sound drowns out other sounds for me and its just incredibly annoying to listen to all game
Hello [NAME], my new friend.
What's wrong with your cousin.
Something extremely fishy is going on here with this story.
Oh wow. That’s nice of New York.
Trying to read that made me feel like I just huffed formaldehyde amd mercury
i wish i could wear what she's wearing! * _ * Sooooo beautiful!
I hope so too, she deserves it.
She sounds like she could be depressed. People who have depression need care, love and help to get better, not internet shaming.
The truly great thing about this is how he looks down, disgusted, as if the comment were down there 😂
Sounds like you're in a good place. I'm happy for you. For me... Right now I don't care how my STBXH is doing. Hahaha.
i hate this
Me too lmaoooooooooooooooooooo haha damn that’s depressing
Everyone makes mistakes tho... at least he only allowed 1 mistake to go for a goal
I’m not frustrated... i think I was trying to be nice.. but now I’m confused and awkward. My apologies
@gagasklaine it's old sadly
Glad I’m on my way out through ATL instead!
Either you're very high, or don't know how to construct thoughts in the English language.
I couldn't reply to the message I got the other day
Yeah me too, because I would’ve been a lot more pissed if they would’ve got tired of waiting and left.
Nasty nasty chilly rain has put a damper on my afternoon cigar.  This is NOT a good thing. @cspanwj And FOUR #CongressCritters tomorrow? #congresscritters
What a sweetheart.
For the love of all that is good get rid of these people already.
What a cataclysm
i had a hard time falling a sleep and woke up several times because i was afraid of bugs crawling on me and i ended up waking up with a bite
Wow, hearing him swear, thats gonna be something
I dont go because it ends 1 of 2 ways. Either im sick or im not. I dont like either of those answers.
the ancap ideology has spread to birds now. Our numbers grow stronger every day😂
Devastating to hear of any news like this :(
Agreed but I’ll still take kpins if they’re available
Thanks. Appreciate that perspective. I'm just saying it as a counter to the "rope is the only cope" mentality on the incel subreddit.
Ahhh, the ol' Samsung Special.
Rooney ! Oh dear, oh dear ! Fucking dreadful 🙈⚽️⚽️
Sorry the cognitive dissonance is too much for you. Why don't you go back to listening to Nickelback? It'll make you feel better :)
Lol! Nope. Any muscle in your body will shrink if yiu dont use it.
Lovely act of kindness🤗
It says "Just because someone *is here* illegally…" No comment at all about how they got here.
I feel like I am drowning. #depression #anxiety #falure #worthless #depression #anxiety #falure #worthless
Give me [NAME]. We need some thump when we clear the benches.
Wow? Thanks so much for the knowledge, sir. We owe you one.
I like how he called his mom asking if she was trying to contact him just so he could tell her what’s wrong
He’s one of the calmest goalies I’ve ever seen in general haha
I'll be making that bet, thats a closeer match than that, even for a hometown girl.
That's a pretty cat. It would be nice if it could go to Rocky Mountain Feline Rescue, as they are no-kill.
look at more of [NAME] work, he really makes the picture come to life.
Very. As a side note, what, do they not expect heavy traffic on that bridge? One lane only?
they are going to need a gardener soon!!
+1 Thought I had depression, turns out I just wasn’t being happy enough! Who’da thunk it.
I guess Metric is old enough now for one of their songs to be Grey’s title. Huh.
So you are officially saying that record cabinet was not searched prior to the day the key was found? Is this correct?
It should go well with kratom anyway. I need to just eliminate anxiety and not have cravings
Seriously, I spit up my drink reading "The GOP not the ones threatening children". I know a few thousand kids in cages that might disagree.
What did it say?
Long arm is an amazing ganking tool (one of the best) with many possible one-shot ganks.
Finally watched #hungergamesmockingjay2 this morning, sadly I feel a little disappointed #toomuchhype #hungergamesmockingjay2 #toomuchhype
Ahh giving cc when no one asked for how nice of you.. /s
This is really helpful to point out!!
How is this not discrimination? Serious question.
His head bounced on the hardwood. Damn.
Yes
For cart pushers, I can’t recommend getting good winter/rain gear highly enough. Good socks and waterproof/resistent shoes will make a world of difference.
One of my cats always eats the other ones food. I never noticed it until he was obese. I'm not gonna make that mistake again.
Same. However, do we have tea or is this just speculation?
Good stuff [NAME]
There was one I saw hanging out at Wash Park a few years back.
Y'all i have option one. Lemme tell you. Sex is important. I miss it
stop making me cry man
... so we're pretending that this wouldn't be totally awesome had it been 1 administration back?
And what do you find in the mist in subnautica crystalized sulfur. So I believe this is definitely what they modeled the lost River after baddabang
That would be crazy premature. But would be awesome later when results are out and the stories behind the scenes of the [NAME] team emerges.
No, I mean actual policies. Not self-described image.
I ... I like you
I didn't find it too bad. I always favoured the 1500m and my wife is from Abu Dhabi
I wonder why you're sitting at -2 for that comment. Very strange.
The county chief claims “it’s for public safety,” but really it’s to protect his position. Overzealous pandemic policies are just “hat protection,” not people protection.
Thanks dude!
Wear Pod. You cretin.
I was so eager and excited to leave to the point I had butterflies in my stomach.
I haven't seen such an unpopular hire since [NAME].
That’s unfortunate
Don't worry. I took one for the team and checked. Yes it's real.
I always do this. They get closer or just move to another lane lol
Soooo difficult to do.
Guangdong’s inclusiveness ≠ indulgence! This issue should be handled seriously! Also, note Guangzhou’s high rents stem from sublandlords hiking prices—taking at 300, subletting at 800+, rarely registering. Withholding deposits has already trapped many—workers here know it well.
I used to really like [NAME]. Now she is the worst :(
Wow. Forget the separation, lawyer up and go straight to divorce.
It's the number one reason I refuse to exercise.
My point is, i will continue to drive the way you were thinking, weirdo.
When you call someone trash and he easily beats you, what does that make you? lol
@OilersFanSean yup I feel dirty cheering
Sorry, I don’t see a difference. If you are opposing people’s access to something, your opposing that thing.
Don’t know how I missed that
[NAME]! [NAME]! A bag of your finest wine please, to go!
They are worth the time it takes to write them. Thank you for returning!
Because train hitting your truck at full speed will prevent damaging the truck.
This is amazing. Love these edits.
Considering I’m majoring in politics, that’s the plan!!! Thank you!
ur mom is in purgatory xd
What about [NAME]? [NAME] I hate her.
Everytime I confront her about she gets super pissed and things I’m “overreacting”.
NBA is like Westworld only completely opposite. Every time you act like your true self you get a T lol
ok so i got my madden 17 refunded but now i gotta wait a few days for the money and now gotta pre-order fifa again....
Pollution is not a right
Yep. And if the reaction to the CovCath psyop is any indication there will be riots when her retirement or death is announced.
just when you think it can't get worse...
I don’t even try to make shots like this myself. So I gotta watch other people make them.
I don’t think that many people really thought [NAME] would be a game changer.
When you want to say something so bad but can't ! #furious 😤 #furious
saving for when I'm not at work
Listen to yourself. What other things do u want to shove down the throats of others in the name of tolerance and humanity? [NAME].
Again, “citing Buzzfeed news”... I stand by what I said!
Yeah i know that feeling, i don't know if they abandoned it, i ordered this on amazon.
Okay, I’m honestly curious as to why it is you’d assume that?
If the kid knew what she had on her mind, he's been corrupted way too young..
Was this at Meadowvale? I wanted to take a pic but had my gloves on
Just want Saturday to be over but then again I want to do good #LSAT  #lsat
Nobody traveled from Ahch-To to Cantonica or vice versa iirc, so this doesn't make a lot of sense...?
Big yikes. Biiiig yikes. I do feel your pain. I wish I could upvote you more than once.
Awe produces gratitude, gratitude instills joy, &amp; the harvest of joy is contentment.' \n\n–@PaulTripp #awe 😭😭😭 #awe
Agree! 60 new shoppers in Columbus I think is why. I removed Chillicothe and all those once but they came back. I am not going there!
You having a bad day man?
I would be unfulfilled and unhappy. I enjoy meat, thankfully I own my own plot of land and can hunt on it at will.
Thank you. I saves your comment, to buy this book when I get outta the field
I think you need a better partner. Continuing to go after you said you want to stop is kind of abusive.
Saying that combo with a straight face after the fucking mess that went into the last UFC event should be hard.
And now, I would imagine it's impossible to own a Maserati without people constantly asking you if it goes 185.
I know right! Now I’ll never even know how far the distance was
Pretty poor shots mostly. Couple of great saves from [NAME] though.
Doesn’t the railway have police?? Why don’t they show up now? This foreign trash should be deported immediately — banned from ever entering again! China must not be a playground for such scum!!!
Not even getting my hopes up at all. Story of our life- Padres fan.
not at all. Hong kong streets and roads are super narrow. I get claustrophobic there.
If it's true i'm sad he's leaving but I wish him nothing but the best.
However the agent was inauthentic, my sister still loves me, &amp; I'm still alive. So I guess it wasn't that bad. #socialanxiety  #socialanxiety
@SunandBeachBum 'you people' infuriate me!
A crime more sinister cannot be imagined!
Soooo.... He basically just admitted he didn’t get his kid shit for Christmas. What a fucking asshole!
Great point, that was a silly assumption for me to make. Thank you for your perspective! Editing the post now.
Lol! Exactly. ☹
I don't think I *ever* rewatched a YouTube video before I discovered LeftTube.
get your ass to mars!
You make less than zero sense.
Call me a [NAME] but I love saying that word. "No."
Just a reminder that Ayr vs Talbot is on BBC One at 12pm. Or get it on now, [NAME] is making some lovely looking quesadillas
Nobody will ever be interested in me anyway, so it doesn't matter if I tell people I'm a virgin or not.
In that case, I’m appalled.
He’s not that into you. Move on.
What does the buzz feel like?
It's amazing how something gets stuck in your head, and you can't shake a memory...  Sometimes, I miss people a lot.  Wish they knew.
Yi Wazi, your idol’s releasing a new song — time for you to sing along again! Cheering for you!
[NAME] YOU SLIME
I nodded my head excitedly.
I guess some people just hate fun, lol
You need to see a feeding specialist. Outright refusal to eat to the point of starvation is almost always a serious issue.
I had so many avatars named after Star Wars characters on Millsbury. I miss it 😭😭😭
[NAME] woulda been better smh
Is it weird that I'm tearing up?
That was brutal as hell. Loved it
he's pretty badass.
I love military films, this was good. My theater was clapping when each terrorist got killed lol
I can see that. Ffs who the hell would expect a Dean to recognize 2 people out of 25,000 people lol.
> I was more making fun of your spelling of Northbridg whoops
Going to get myself a copy of @StephenKing's CUJO for an upcoming project that I can't talk about just yet.  #amwriting #amwriting
I like Celtic fans more than Buck fans
Oh thanks this is really helpful
I'm not on it I was just wondering for the sake of knowing.
movie sucks do yourself a favor and watch the Infernal Affairs trilogy they bastardized
That looks so awesome
More like the choir isn't here, it's on Instagram
This reminds me of the wallpaper someone posted here a while back, great pic OP!
Lot 100 would give Ghandi road rage
Reminds of something beautiful [NAME] said in an interview once "I fall in love with myself. And I want someone to share me with me."
Not liking [NAME] is not statism. Removed.
no. Queef is vaginal period. I call it mumbles, when the lips move but you can't understand what they are saying.
> Do you accept evolution? Depends on the denomination.
He might be bummed but if I could play anywhere other than Toronto my next choice would 100% be LA.
Hers are just terrible. I’ve seen the look great on other people.
They look so good together *praying for Disney ending*
Does this mean there's no police on the streets or do they have to work with no pay? (I'm not from the US)
Did you know your post about your comment being downvoted is also being downvoted?
it is dangerous to date men - read the news - women get killed by male partners and ex partners very frequently. Women are amazingly brave.
This is so painfully 80s. I hate it.
Also thank you for the advice.
You can. I've used my Kroger-linked phone number while travelling to other states with success.
I just think it's metal as fuck that she was charged with mayhem.
They put him on a minutes restriction for some reason, guessing cause he's not in really good shape?
Wish this applied to TPS's
We don't know anything yet till it happens. It's great to see everything think they know the eliminations order.....lol. you will be shooked
I'm not a fan of the model and the animations in general. He looks incredibly slapdash.
And she jumped into sewage. Yeh, no.
I'm not saying she should get surgery, but I gotta ask, would laser lipo or something similar get her to the body shape she wants?
Yay! Mine’s Cymbalta and Lamictal with a dash of Ativan lol
Those are different, you don't tie that shit to the weakest part, they just stay on there by magic
I think he’s toast in 2020 with a solid candidate
Oh my goodness I was there yesterday! Luckily I didn't get bitten.
That'd be amazing! Heard about Newington's reno not long ago. Need to get over there.
I wake up very easily to sounds so I'm not overly concerned.
I feel bad for that other little girl that was the only one not to get a puck
They should build the wall out of [NAME] emails. After all, no one can get over them.
Oh I didn’t realise, sorry for my ignorance
Problem is that most of the female posters here either do it for attention or almost immediately ghost because they come to their senses.
Nobody wants a grouch but DONT move to SD if you want to be a rapper. #serious #serious
I know, why publicize the accomplishments of kids that work hard
Oh haha I didn't see that!
Yeah, it is for the organizers
There were lots of awkward silences. The farewell didn't seem natural.
So cute and there would be nothing with talking to her about it after and both being on the same page
It literally never occurred to me that there would be a sub for USAJOBS. Thank you so much
Curb your enthusiasm theme.
Fuck yall @Panthers for hiring that GOP PR guy to discourage Cam from speakinh his mind and heart about racism
Comments like these are the biggest reason I get so pissed off about fucking centrists crying about the "both sides" argument.
Anyway, there was this one girl (about 8 or 9 years old) who would always sit quietly and smile.
If you have to ask "how to know if I'm ready for psychedelics" then you are clearly not ready.
i am a little bit confused, who are these guys and why did you ask her if she is dead
Relocation trumps meddling in my book.
We stop dead in our tracks.
I'm fucking starving here.
Thanks. People on the sub are unreasonable. They think [NAME] is worth so much yet won't give up much for [NAME]
> Society usually paints men as emotionless, cold, and self sustaining creatures who don't need affection. Not really, though.
I feel like she’d be more than half-way there if she just fixed those eyebrows...
Glad someone brought that up.
The middle was an analogy. No one here condones terrorism, as that's attacks on civilians, Destruction of financial buildings isn't that.
Welcome back to H town!
Nothing worse than an uber driver that can't drive. #awful #awful
Great program, the wife and i have been able to pay down 10k in debt in 3 months since moving our daughter into the program
You look like a guy that could use help pleasing his wife.
If the sea lost its waves, it’d lose its grandeur; if the desert lost its swirling sands, its magnificence; if life lost real experiences, it’d lose meaning.
Get yourself a £1. Still occasionally get them.
In this bustling world, amidst simple days of May, spring fades, summer arrives, winds stay kind. Choose a calm life — kindness with measure, gentleness with grace; half love for fireworks, half for nature — that’s enough. — Saturday reflections!
Penguins on a 7 game heater, big game here boys
Their* comment; sorry. Just realized you’re not the same person.
I love this, and #2 #2
Was wondering the same thing.
@r0Ils ppl get triggered over u smiling they're irrelevant
A true man should be like this! I regret not returning to the battlefield to guard the nation with you! Glorious Chinese soldiers — mighty and honorable, my most beloved people!
Sadly I think this is true & maybe this is the incentive adults need to get into action
chirp chirp! what a beautiful white and red bird! 🐦
Yes.
Cinesphere and Trillium Park are both fantastic spots and I see absolutely zero reason to change them.
Well, I'm extremely attractive and just got laid, so no...
Are you invited to get birthday tho?
I like [NAME], but I'd just rather spend more time with [NAME].
Still helpful. Thank you!
So they decided to throw me a "90s McDonalds" Birthday party.
There's literally nothing wrong with it except you being worried about the purity of your partner like c'mon.
So I went to a different grocery store, and they had no @DukesMayonnaise\nI had to buy Helmann's.\nLiterally shaking right now.
Ew yes I’m glad you brought that up.
Don’t insult our users. You’re done here — you and your alt both.
I've got my own room and it's pure luxury after sleeping on the floor for over 3 weeks, my back is loving it too.
Not sure about OP, but caffeine tends to make many people more anxious (especially those with a co-morbid anxiety disorder(s)).
Good loss for the tank. [NAME] and [NAME] played really well.
Wait what vacation are we talking about?
I'm so nervous!
Yeah I don't think [NAME] even had to move his hands for that one. [NAME] and [NAME] also destroyed the precision QB challenge too.
Tortilla chips are the worst oml. One time a piece got lodged between my gum and my tooth. Like, that fella was /deeply/ embedded in my gum
Yeah that does, actually. Most of this is news to me. Thanks for actually providing some articles
Makes me sad I'll never be with a beautiful woman.
I love your username.
I had hot dogs. They were delicious, lol!
I’m gonna make that a sub. Too many juicy targets not to.
I believe he wasn’t involved in drugs, but he and his mother’s response was quite disappointing.
Sweetener is full of bops! Wish she would release another single from it.
Every time people push #Prescription Pot, prohibitionists rub their hands with #glee because U hand them #Cannabis &amp; yourself into #slavery. #prescription #glee #cannabis #slavery
It seemed so arbitrary.
Going to get myself a copy of @StephenKing's CUJO for an upcoming project that I can't talk about just yet. #horror #amwriting #horror #amwriting
Ah yes January, the worst time of the year at the gym
Holy shit, that's great!
Who mentioned anything political besides you?
MY POWER GOES OUT AND SHORTS OUT MY XBOX!! HAD IT SINCE DAY 1 LAUNCH OF COURSE IT BREAKS ON MY BIRTDAY! #birthday #xbox #sadness #birthday #xbox #sadness
oh is that it
My girl has slowly been getting more and more into different [NAME] music, but she will always make it a point to play this track. I love it
I was browsing the site and just figured r/Browns would do the trick...NOPE!
Umm, zoom out. The ICO was $0.30. I only put 0.5 BTC into it then though. Wish I did more.
Has anyone else noticed when [NAME] is ‘crying’ there are no tears.
republicans and their hatred of Nordic countries are hilarious. "Oh no some place has a much higher standard of living than us let's bash it!"
@Burnt_Out_Darth @theaterofscifi thanks. #nightmare #nightmare
@MarianKeyes the pout tips me over the edge. I am most definitely AGIN. Who the feic bakes with full make up and boots with heels!!!!
I feel like this is gatekeeping the gatekeepers .... No more elites = no more gatekeepers
Damn bro thats wack. But life has a way to with things she'll reap what she sows. Feel better
It's a self-identifying group, and they have killed quite a bit of people in their crusade for revenge. It's both absolutely pathetic and absolutely terrifying.
Yeah maybe I over indulged as a young lad!
He seems sweet and I think he really loves her.
Chinese people are inherently kind, obedient, and collective-minded. In the pandemic, everyone tries not to trouble the country. But low-risk people still can’t go home — year after year — so when can we? If there’s a close contact, tracing quickly isolates them anyway. What’s the point of marking stars on travel codes? It’s just an excuse for lazy governance.
The Nashville Design is just a placeholder. The actual plans have yet to been finalized.
My mom likes to use the word, “tripolar” for me and it’s aggravating.
oh he does
It's just you. Nobody has ever noticed. Except this and [this person.
I saw a youtube video once where someone was a “failed abortion”. They were perfectly normal. I guess the doctor was just an idiot.
Lay off the drugs dude
Then we finally saw what was going on.
Probably can’t even get on the bus — straight-up refusal. Once a middle-aged man tried without a mask; the driver barred him immediately.
podcasts also can help a lot to distract yourself (･ω<)☆
Thanks for the info mate gonna watch out next time
Thanks, I felt underappreciated until now!
Applied Math lol.
Dig up, stupid!
I think dogs should vote!! It's alright. We're your friends now. Cheers, pal!
Awesome, that's super good news :D
You take that back right now! [NAME] does not deserve this.
Are there no ways to stand up for the Faith without ignoring the Church's law?
TIL the Recession, Great Depression, Colonialism, War on Drugs etc. were created by socialists.
Yea, a doctor that diagnoses based on how healthy a patient looks isn’t qualified for professional work as a doctor
What a crybaby. Don’t drink and drive.
The fufure is not written! But my skateboard career is!
Watch Vegan Gains’ video on that, he had it when he was like 13, highly doubt he was juicing then
Sent. And I'll check with the mods. Thanks.
While I love the brutality of Odyssey, my personal favorites were from Black Flag.
Haha dude, love your spirit. But. It's not all shit (the cuisine that is), let's not overgeneralize and become the shitheads we are criticizing.
In all fairness Ive said it to men, woman, and children. Nobody is outside of my blind rage.
Our team just gave up the moment that happened and all went to top lane to have a b-step party with the other team
Meditate. You may need to seek medical help. Good luck, friend.
There are quite a few heck I know of 3 alone right in Manchester
YES they all going in on LIEda
Eh I kinda won't him less now. I like the chase
Yeah take it slow..I mean you waited 7 years you can wait a bit. Hope it will turn out good for you guys
Now that is an original Idea!!!
This will forever be my most fav April moment!
Like [NAME] said at the very end of the stream, “You’re still here and you can still do amazing things.”
I'm back on Twitter! #madden #madden18 #maddenmobile #ea #nfl #espn #packers #madden #madden18 #maddenmobile #ea #nfl #espn #packers
Seems like the driver in the video car had plenty of time to react and slow down, they just chose not to and overreacted.
The weapon wasn’t made until 1918-1919 so hopefully this will never be real
> its just there to make people uncomfortable and force a tip. No one working there really expects a tip in the first place.
You’ll always be a bit more adorable, optimistic, hardworking, and healing — a little more lovable than others.
All options are on the table - #revenge is coming. #revenge
Absolutely fair, and I can't blame you for that.
So jealous lol we don't get to enjoy in TN :(
I dont know how to send a PM on Sync/mobile, so I'll be asking here?
You don't know what to expect by Brendon's video lmao LA devotee video got me shook #panic #panic
Her lying, narcotics addicted, pedophilic grandmother with physical ailments that cause her to be a serious lethal danger on multiple levels.
It would be interesting to know what you've learned about other sects of [RELIGION].
I am so happy that sub exists
>This erotic art from a borderline fan. FTFY
Yessir. And I live in Dallas. Stop being salty freefreebradshaw.
+++ '#Dearly #beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto #wrath: for it is #written, #Vengeance is #mine; I …' #Romans12v19 #dearly #beloved #wrath #written #vengeance #mine #romans12v19
From what I know of the man, I have to assume that @realDonaldTrump has had a heated argument with his own penis. #sad #sad
The west is so unfair :(
CIA and MIC are now controlled by women. And nothing will change. Progress!
This sounds a bit fishy
I don't get it. Maybe i need to position myself better to get dibs on batches. I literally have only made $60 a week.
The right side of the pic looks a lot like Ocean Grove.
U will hate it shortly
This makes me so happy!
We haven’t had much luck either. We wish you and Aunt [NAME] the best. Stay strong! Thank you for the kind words.
The protagonists are too one-dimensional. Now that Gao Qiqiang’s dead, I’m still sad (yes, villains deserve punishment, but still…).
It looks a little like the nubbin you see on some amputated arms. Right?
No no this sub has so much to offer. So many great pictures to see. You have a great place here.
Yes. Especially if I go to sneeze and I lose it, I just look up to a light and bam. Sneeze time!
He hasn't stopped clapping ever since
Great story. Maybe it isn't malicious compliance, but I enjoyed it anyway. Damn companies who lack empathy for other humans.
My bad sorry, what I meant to say is ‘for our winning season’ not ‘in our’.
They are the best but my office is so far away 😞
nah. YOU will get it when you're about 20 years older.
You will need power by it for the bolt to the level where you want to cut a bit easier to avoid getting it on the box!
Unless you are actually [NAME], this is just douchy... actually, it’s douchy either way.
Tomorrow is going to be a challenge, I have to talk at a freshers fair to STRANGERS 😁and pick up my new flat keys #anxiety #anxiety
I see.. so people are just guessing?
This is almost as effective as posting that sweet photo of [NAME] old band
Okay~ #deepbreathes ☺️ we can do this @sydneyswans 💪🏻🔴⚪️ #cheer #cheer &amp; see you on the other side peeps ❤️ #AFLCatsSwans #ProudlySydney #deepbreathes #cheer #cheer #aflcatsswans #proudlysydney
yeah certainly shouldn't feel this way but i do now :/
I’m so sorry you’ve been having a hard time. I hope that tomorrow is not only better, but amazing.
I appreciate you being open about it. So I'm assuming you accept that the things you listed don't make you a woman, right?
I admire the prep and just hope the other guy is ok. Best one in ages..
"Jeff what is that?
Maybe that's why she was trying to buy a firearm. To lead the fight against the alien invasion.
you're right, it's all very murky
I mean it makes sense, they're into [NAME] because they totally dig the horribly socially stunted types so they love [NAME] for horribly traumatizing her.
We need an irbe so bad right now. I hope [NAME] is that guy
Sometimes you gotta agree with the terrible Facebook memes.
[NAME] damn you're toxic asf
Nursing school is wrong on that. Still, sickle cell is really, legitimately painful. Give the Dilaudid.
Now you're lying. Suburbs = more than Bellevue and Kirkland.
My dad makes that joke "I have to fight anorexia", his BMI is 31...
Ah thanks so much
[NAME] she wanted this so badly to be a choosingbeggers.
I polished my nails, but can't find the polish remover. It look like a 3yr old polished my nails lol #horrible #horrible
Do you want to see a picture of my diploma
[NAME] reaction is Like she really wanted to say “Thank God. Now I have a reason to leave”
I definitly used to do this all the time and it feels very good to have it for me alone
Afaik non-government entities can sue other non-government entities for any reason.
I hope we trade [NAME] for something so I can go cheer for [NAME] on a better team.
Did someone say [NAME] I love or hate her but I love her don’t @ me
Thanks bot, I was and plan to have a great day despite this negativity in this comment section.
It dulls the pain
Feeling the hatred towards that person I get. Actually running them off the road and holding them at gunpoint? No way. No way to justify that.
That’s because she lacks passion — things you love have meaning; things you don’t are worthless.
I was AF enlisted too hahaha
That isn't entirely fair. We're also for harboring regular ol' right trolls, too.
Good to know 😊
The #Texans should never play a prime time game again...this is  #TNF #texans #tnf
That'll do, pig.
We just watched the animated episode with [NAME] - it was awesome. Quite subversive.
Lol imagine googling “whore” to jack off
You had sex with multiple different people on acid? Lucky mf
__PSA__ Adults who wear Team Jerseys out in Public look absolutely ridiculous. Please stop, for everyone’s sake -Boot
I mean it doesn't say anything about comments? Anyways who cares it's a celebrity its his fault.
@joshgad My three year old asked me if Trump was a bad man, like a bully. After saying yes he's a bully, my son said mute him. We did!
Laughing at "indoctrinated by traditional values". Good luck in life.
Eastern European here. Very cool! We’re really all the same.
Haha. You are crazy. The world, and reddit world is filled with crazies and weirdos. You are a brave, brave soul.
Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning. ~Robert Kiyosaki\n\nAllOutDenimFor KISSMARC
The man who is a pessimist before 48 knows too much; if he is an optimist after it, he knows too little.'\n-Mark Twain
Take the child from them! Wtf? Theyre so dumb. You always secure the kids seat!
A dry phone?
Gotta love Texas high school football for exposing me early.
Thanks. I was leaning towards the 11:05 tourney at MGM since it's deeper stack and slightly longer blind levels.
What Subreddit?
My encouragement today is my dog while my head is in a fog. #epicfail #depression #feelingfedup #tired #ihaveheardeverything #wondering #epicfail #depression #feelingfedup #tired #ihaveheardeverything #wondering
Thanks for the recommendation! Hopefully my Ulta will have some to swatch!
The idea that fb might be slowly killing mlms out there gives me a glimmer of satisfaction...
Truly a sad day when you can get fired just for having a *heated gaming moment*. We really do live in a society.
DonutLicious in Spring is the most gourmet one I’ve ever been to.
I cant believe we elected this goon
Jimmy Carr makes me want to cry and cry *shiver*
Love how the cop comes and gives him the old "there, there" pat on the shoulder
He'll be the difference maker in the playoffs. He can get any shot he wants because of his all time great ball handling
... with my stepmom. Haha. Erm.
Well, flash bangs go bang, too, to temporarily deafen and disorient, so there's that.
I wish this was because he was being demoted and we were getting a new DC
Real class A asshole there
Dang... I’m learning all the secrets!
I was kidding.
Okay, but your other comment didn’t even make sense. Wasn’t sure what you were complaining about
I didn’t know that existed. Thanks, stranger.
Don't chase fame\nif you're going\nto resent it\nwhen it starts\nchasing you'\nWRDSMTH
Thank you for being the voice of reason in here while people keep screaming about the Vatican's thousand-year old wall.
[NAME] is still trying to wrap his head around how the Browns got [NAME].
Did you even read the article? It's 1 anecdote and she wants to return because she misses her family.
I usually see tweets like this for girls but it feels nice to have it directed at boys
Hold on to your butts!
Luckily for the Daily Mail no one uses that browser.
@BrianaBanksxoxo I send ya a few #playful nibbles 😉 #playful
I lol'd bigly an atempted to reverse your downdoots
Ultra Despair Girls 2 >!We get Monaca back from space.!<
Great way to be late on 80% of your orders. I mean I didn't say it was impossible, but you put rating at risk
Is it you, Mr. [NAME]?
With [NAME] performance yesterday, do we need a new striker or he just needs more goals to get his confidence up back?
It’s cool lol, no hard feelings
It makes sense, just don't expect much thanks from the rest of them.
I didn't know that newborn babies eat and breathe through an umbilical cord. TIL.
Without bots, I doubt the opposition numbers a million. It's all paid Brock-bots and Twitter Trolls all the way down.
Everything is far away because time is short, no rest for the weary.
Yep. The problem is definitely regulation and not wealth hoarding supported by corporate money controlling politics. Temporarily embarrassed millionaires unite!
Lol same.
Same. All other map on OG with SSD were fine. [NAME] drops and it's terrible.
I like [NAME] so far but making shots that you missed in the first half aren't coaching adjustments
Illness
very very irritated 😐
You're such a good troll. Good job! Way to really get into that part. You nailed it!
The majority is not relevant: it was advisory. I agree a second vote is needed to kill the [NAME] trope.
Optimism leads to success. - Bill Kerr @Coach__Kerr #success  #goals #success #goals
Not against us this season, apparently.
If you don't mind cutting your life opportunities by 3/4 go for it.
I'm not attacking you. Which part of our conversation gives the impression that I'm attacking you? Honest question.
One point: DSP claims YTers lost half their viewership in 2012 if they weren't using direct capture. That's when the search changes happened
Reminds me of that tragedy
We don't deserve you. Thanks for the update. Happy it's being handled! :)
Can confirm he does not follow the 49ers on Instagram.
And why are they trolling i. The first place? Care to exain the reason?
Nope but nice try. Nothing to do with the TH case.
Come on how would gladiators let [NAME] go.
Start acting mature. Don't get into fights with security guards about how you look.
Did anyone catch [NAME] imitating him laying on the ice as the game ended? [NAME] as fuck
...what?
Lol okay. It's not like they're billion dollar organizations that have their own personal agenda. Fine. Enjoy your bubble.
I love me some RFM. My wife said he talks like a robot.
22 points in 41 games with a pretty shitty Utica squad, first full year in NA... yeah I don’t want another Dahlen debacle
Sorry for the late reply. Bought it on the NHL shop, they have them in both fanatics and addidas.
The percentages Apple wants for membership have made many companies pull their apps. Seeking must feel it's not worth paying Apple.
Looks like donkey foals are going for between $50-$100. That’s quite the herd.
Love it.
I'll find Myself smiling and even laughing at jokes that I don't even think are particularly funny, and I know it's because YOU love them!
That’s downright creepy. It’s as if he’s testing if $50 will keep you quiet if he does inappropriate things.
To bad we aren’t getting [NAME] vs [NAME] and [NAME] literally burning it down to close out mania. But man I love this belt.
assault some more people.
Governments aren't generally considered "monopolies". You can't have two governments (at the same level).
To be fair, the world (especially politics) has been kind of a shit show since 2016
Cat puke. After a chocolate sundae. Idk. Looks horrid
I will make it proper! 🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪
Stay strong, Guangzhou! If it pulls through, the nation can normalize; if it fully locks down, rolling lockdowns await everyone.
Maybe? Must’ve been one intense game of [NAME]. ‍♀️
you can use your inhuman orang-utan strength to tear them from limb to lim thats an option
Both Islanders goaltenders support [NAME] and they are having career years, coincidence? I think not.
I open the door and step through while turning to close it behind me.
They gonna give this KKk police bitch the minimum sentence..just wattch
Hmm, I had no idea that eating spiders gave dogs that ability.
Even a Ford dealer? Thanks for responding, I'll likely sell it privately.
Thank you!! I’m at home recovering from surgery and on some meds, so I wasn’t sure if I imagined it.
Selling nudes pics and vids kik me to buy! Dirty_becca69\n\n#kik #kikme #kikusernames #snap #snapchat #findom #nudes #slut #kiktrade #horny #kikme #kikusernames #snap #snapchat #findom #nudes #slut #kiktrade #horny
Cat's trying to tell you to take your damn shoes off
Spicy water.
No respect for people who force their opinions on to others yet get offended when someone does the same to them 😂
Genetics is Everything
@TrevorHMoore @paget_old In Scotland, the right-wingers are the most rabid anti-nationalists. Socialists are mostly in favour.
I have no clue what that is, but I hope you have fun
Not enough. I'd pay $100 to not be ugly in a heartbeat
Please do. lol
youre a disgusting piece of filth.
I'd argue they are advocating not fighting the fire in your house when the entire neighborhood is engulfed in flames.
What about Governor [NAME]?
Very hot take there, It'd be a shame if somebody... disrupted it.
Exactly. Stop talking and let the adults speak u/MeatheadVernacular.
But that was a long time ago, I wasn't drunk at the time.
This is a really lovely ends to a crappy means. I’m glad you enjoyed yourself and got something out of it.
Dental Assisting. I still deal with people but going through school and doing hours at a dental office I'm thoroughly enjoying it.
@jonnyp_43 @MedicNow like going to a so called cardiac arrest that turned out to be a cut finger!  #medchat #medchat
Why yes that ass is flawless
That's right, always be extra careful around the corner.
I want you to, please tell me.
I was also terribly confused. I’ll jump on and play with you sometime, working tonight unfortunately.
Juve somehow still managed to get the upper hand in the [NAME] for [NAME] and [NAME] deal. That's some voodoo shit right there.
I mean I understand the joke but are y’all actually going to he posts relating to the team
May the mountains and rivers stay safe, and the people stay healthy! Salute to all heroes and silent little heroes who serve the people! Let’s all be kind and caring to these voiceless friends around us! 🙏🙏
i’d put forth that lots of people ACTIVELY DISLIKE dating and like being in relationships, so this wouldn’t help at all
I agree but if we fell behind we lost the game without any chance. But let us be grateful that we have a Toplaner that is really godlike xd
You shouldn't be so hard on yourself. Just relax, take a deep breath, let the blood flow. Everything's going to be fine.
Lol nice. I can't say the same yet. What do you do for a living if I may ask?
My best guess is that it means 155 won, 6 lost, 839 drawn.
You da real MVP
just noticed, lol. damn pervert foreigners.
It’s definitely a massive problem for both of us. Attributing blame does nothing to solve the problem.
I wish could do what you do. It has been my dream. Im jealous
Please don’t marry this man-child.
Try to think a bit harder.
This is the most unathletic thing I've seen in a while.
Honestly capital G god is probaby the only diety I would struggle allowing at my table, no matter which [NAME] religion it was picked from.
That's what I ended up actually doing.
This is how mafia works
How did I not know this?! That show is so good.
Mozzarella sticks!
My grandfather also fought in the Korean War as a signaler. He passed away last year. Welcome home, heroes.
Thanks for the love bro
This really feels like a jab at [NAME] as opposed to a reconciliation. Hope I'm wrong.
Ooh you made them?! Awesome!! I hope you enjoyed them. 5 cheeses sounds like a great decision.
how are your trolls really this bad
YOU UNDERESTIMATE MY POWER!!!
It dehydrates your skin, just like smoking does.
[NAME] [NAME] speed option was so much fun. They are the most criminally underrated cfb duo in my opinion
Plymouth: Confederate flags Diesel pick up trucks Dead factories Heart disease and disappointment
It’s not only the US. The system of so called „liberal democracy” was designed to be the rule of capital.
OMG, crying laughing right now. Hubs and I both. What a visual!
Yes, I used to visit Grandma’s and Nana’s clans — ten families! Now I go nowhere; when they’re gone, I’ll stop entirely.
same boat, will also be traveling but im not sure where yet, based in madison wisconsin tho
Great now my child is crying
He didn’t exactly leave on great terms with the club. It’s interesting [NAME] is not even brought up anymore regarding psg transfers
They had been chanting "we want tacos!" Lol
I never thought to look for this subreddit! Thanks for sharing. I love this show
I misunderstood "come back strong"
These kids just need to get shot up at Normandy and work in the mills like the good old days.
You're welcome. Sometimes we just need a gentle reminder that it's okay to take care of ourselves. You got this.
Set n alarm '@Innocentia_T: I wanna nap but I'm scared I'll wake up tomorrow .'
Because I felt like it, just as you felt like announcing you basic grooming while trying to be insulting. 🙄😏🤷‍♀️
Ahhhh That's rich.
When [NAME] like “should we have an alien baby” and [NAME] looked SO happy 😂💛
Super excited to watch them in Syracuse next year. Might actually spring for season tickets
**GOD DAMN YOU, FIGHT BACK!!**
So I put my hand up and started to walk away.
I’ll leave it for the rest of your life to do.
Is this because of the sudden spate of comments feeling shocked that we don't respect proud right leaners or have you always had these mails?
you can tell who is in power by who you can't criticize' = Israel
It's the most magical time of the year......Xmas party announced and the #outrage commences. Gotta love Silicon Valley millennials. #outrage
Wealth is the biggest privilege, and it’s not close. The infinite amount of ways people can be divided lead to individual struggles, sure.
People hate him? Why? Most call him the most dominant player in CFB this year.
Haha, glad someone was able to point you in the right direction then
Bears suck!
It's a perfectly cromulent scene.
This was on both sides of my chest.
@keprdad  BTW, George W Bush left office in ,09. We have had terrific leadership under Barack Obama. Keep America Great.
I like spicy, but I have made poppers with mini bell peppers and they came out great. Good to have options
I’m glad not too much time was put into this
He literally laid in pain on the ground after the fight longer than the loser did
And my apologies if I misinterpreted but you seemed to state multiple times that it keeps you from seeking other women, such as the [NAME] example.
Sorry misunderstood you! I’m talking about viruses and bacteria that can kill you like the flu etc
I’ve always loved the art style of the author/illustrator as a kid, so I could see where you’re coming from.
Stay strong brother - it's coming.
No I don’t want it to be unhappy or unhealthy AT ALL, just more like a normal/fussy baby.
It's only 5 mins, but I hope this is the one. Sorry that happened to you friend.
Well, as we're bowling, my dinner began to not sit well with me, and I had to run to the bathroom.
Support the Sydney ~~Blues~~ Sixers. Loved that gaff last night.
Felt like yesterday when they got married in that barn/bar/bistro. Truly the halcyon days.
yes he did, and that Napoli goal had me running around my house like a crazy man....
We have seven fucking billion and more people bork every day !!
Nothing wrong with striving. Forcibly making people is though.
I don't see anywhere in her post where she says that.
Unixware skydrive-cokie hearty exactment blame online: HEpHXhO
It got completely banned I think, saw a post about it a while back in r/gore.
That’s absolutely fantastic but I literally was only pointing out the last time I can remember Connecticut being in the national spotlight.
Thank you! I suddenly see the benefits of Fahrenheit.
Bein' separated just doesn't feel so right.
I laughed at this
Sorry, didn't realise I had to mollycoddle your feefees.
An infection rate of 70–80% sounds about right — post-holiday, the workplace is nearly saturated. School stats show about a quarter uninfected, mostly families who didn’t get it or whose kids were spared. Also, from WeChat circles, it’s rare to hear of anyone untouched.
Can we get a moment of silence for the passing of the video game boy?
.@Travelanswerman: B assured there is plenty of salt 2 keep that #fire #burning brightly! Stay #happy N life by keeping plenty #salty… … #fire #burning #happy #salty
I'm confused about it but keep pressing.
Okay. How so?
Guys this team is SOOO FUN THO!!!! LIKE OMG
Why are we making fun of a little kid? He probably hasnt even the ability to grow a neckbeard yet.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @thebrandonrobert  #musically #musically
Spiders in the corners of the house and praying mantis' on the curtains, best anti fly setup ever.
I like it. Ending made me cry happy tears. I don't cry often
that doesn't make any sense at all.
Thank you much better now
I thought it was British, oh well.
Well thanks for sharing. I loved it. Do you know of any others from them that aren't well known?
I hadn’t seen it and appreciated it!
That's absurd, people commit crimes blacked out on drugs/alcohol all the time. Also, they could just claim they don't remember it either way.
@Policy_Exchange A plus point, she won't have to queue for the loos. Any more plus points? Nope, can't think of any  #sexism #sexism
Congrats on catching up to much of the developed world.
Close to the meat.
Flowers bloom along the path, the land stands unharmed, and prosperity is as you wished. Today, we welcome heroes home. Never forget the martyrs—let us grow strong.
Love this. Thanks for sharing.
If your argument is that we shouldn't build bike lanes because of rare inclement weather like yesterday then you just made an argument against roads.
I spent a good portion of my childhood in Arizona and Colorado. I love the rain and greenery here in Oregon
This type of discussion is exactly what I came to r/medicine for. Thanks guys!
Dang if that was actually what happened that does kind of suck. Thanks op!
The thing that screams narc to me is that you still had an 8pm curfew at age 20.
As a lover of PG and Scrubs, I've not seen this one. What a genius tongue in cheek celebration to [NAME], [NAME] and PG.
It’s 5:11am over here. Good luck dude.
Bottom right is the cutest
half day tuhday but nah for glee 😭
That was it! Thank you
I'm excited for [NAME]/ [NAME] moments. My flair(s)
When my friends send me ballons and fireworks through text...#amazing #smiling #amazing #smiling
[NAME]? Rape? I am shocked I tell you! SHOCKED!
Imagine ordering this. "1000 burgers to the white house? Yeah ok buddy"
You have the bear mask?? :D it is glorious!
As fun as that sounds, please just call the police.
And then we wish for winter because it's so damn hot, thus the cycle continues.
*I bring you Love!*
Another why [NAME] is so valuable moment. lol Let's go [NAME] And [NAME] has a small penis
Wow! Look at that spine shine! You handled her perfectly!
This can be taken horribly out of context
) is going to die tonight.
I'd imagine the confusion would be far greater, especially amongst the [RELIGION] community considering there is no aspect of Ramadan that prevents [NAME] from doing exams.
I just forgot that arguing with people on the internet is useless and like talking to a wall. So Im out.
You didn't like the joke? I thought it was an instant classic.
I thought this was a torb skin and I was about to die
This is painfully fake
Testing it out in creative it feels like the hunting rifle got a huge buff this patch, cant wait to bring out one of my favorite weapons
I always thought [NAME] wore the most adorable outfits.
Dude I have a verrrrry strong feeling the barber did that on purpose. Nowhere in the world is that an acceptable haircut. That’s fucked up
If everyone agrees I'll witness this bet. Just so you know the NRA and Kremlin don't count as charities though.
I’ll do that. Thank you
the act of using private companies as platforms to push indoctrination is no less vile than state run companies
Because you’re harassing strangers over the internet about their happy healthy pet? Weirdo.
the father sending up 4 donuts every morning via stair lift to dtr, before she even comes down to breakfast, wonders if he is enabling her.
I can't thank you enough for letting me know this exists. I'm going to go waste an hour looking through it all now
I am an immigrant myself, how ignorant of you.
Sadly it happens randomly and I wouldn't want to lie to someone for money if the thoughts didn't appear.
@Claymakerbigsi @toghar11 @scott_mulligan_ @BoxingFanatic_ Fucker blocked me 2 years ago over a question lol - proper holds a grudge old Joe
@Kristiann1125 lol wow i was gonna say really?! haha have you seen chris or nah? you dont even snap me anymore dude!
Wow, [NAME] acting like he got [NAME] Punched.
Hmmmmm…. I guess. I cant relate to any part of this.
Hey don't insult troglodytes like that. I'm sure they would have wanted vaccines
Why would a poll showing a negative favorability rating go to her head? If anything, people should be worried this will cause her to change her approach.
It seemed weird to me as well. It's just 10mcg of cyanocobalamin with some fillers like corn starch and celulose.
It's just a sexy hamburgler cosplay
Hey u never know, Channel 4's version of #GBBO might actually be quite good. A few adverts aren't the end of the world. #optimism #gbbo #optimism
The right time would have been never being there in the first place
I saw the first 10 seconds and I feel like I understand
@TheJuanWilliams Where is your indignation and outrage over the UNARMED DEAF WHITE man who was shot and killed by black officer in CLT, NC?
I vape myself today to see if I still feel
What in the bipolar hell is going on? Yikes
It is beautiful here! I will not falter.
I was kind of rooting for him to get stuck.
air supply? the irony of life
I hope they remain long time friends and can look back on this as adults and have a nice giggle together
I'm too sober time to get shit faced
Its much better. Inhaling burned particulate plant matter is very bad.
You are the only person you can depend on
Using Vtrigger and Vskill buttons!? Oh My.
No actually my therapist is amazing! I've just had bad experiences with doctors in the past. I meant I'm worried the doctor will say that.
I can’t work, wish I could. Worked hard my whole life and lost literally everything a few years ago. 20 years down the drain.
Whatever you say, mate. Good luck trying to tell kids not to love their parents.
Does this really work? Any one else try this yet? I'm surprised I've never heard of this before thank you.
They would definitely prefer that to the current situation
Thanks dude! I do best with the ice, swat and maddox
[NAME]?!?!?!
Time heals all wounds :). Get this man a ring!
Thanks for the advice, but I think I'll stick around for a bit.
A hearty thank you to you all for joining in tonight. Some delicious British dishes on your menus. #BeerClub #beerclub
In this wave of public opinion, those two women were the trigger, but the real culprits are the journalists and media who distorted the story—they should be brought to justice. This already borders on ideological crime.
Americans as a whole are, for the most part, feeling borderline despair at the very least. Looking at a situation out of control.
I do know not one neighbor looked out to check on us because they told me....
My heart melted.
Worst bit is that it keeps snowballing, and growing and suddenly it this mess you can't make sense out of or clear up
I look #horrible today and I just saw 6 people ik in the past 10 min :-) #horrible
That was helpful to hear, thanks for your response!
Must be nice my seats were in that area... sadly I decided to go to the bathroom. #PTSD #ptsd
@CNN : It's not Fox News, it's Fox Propaganda Network, they're so lost in their lies, that they can't tell the truth, if it hit them in face
Do not presume that richness of poorness will bring you happiness - Santosh Kalwar #quote #mentalhealth #psychology #depression #anxiety #quote #mentalhealth #psychology #depression #anxiety
Thank you so much! We will likely also be doing that haha :)
It would be nice if south Florida was like that
Yea. I'm not to worried about it
I love this one too "I like to be spoiled and will spoil my man as well" Men translate this into "Pay me for sex"
I don’t see anything awful on her. She’s old. That’s it.
You got the law all wrong...
Watching this makes me angry.
My mom used to throw tantrums in public. I wanted to crawl into a hole and die when she'd start.
I decreased my intake as she suggested, but she now says I am grounded
Thank you for ruining the [NAME] joke.
I like that energy
I just have never found that area very attractive. Also from what I understand there is a lot of contaminated burial sites around there.
Guy got the looks
Better slap that car roof.
I'm still happy about it and will be for the entire offseason.....if not longer :)
I love pasta and sushi more than anything! :)
I thought it may be the industry, but based on other people’s answers here, I’m not so sure :/
Pretty shit tbh with you
Lmfao lonzo? That guy is not nba talent. World is gonna spank that ass
Poor fish :(
Somehow I got banned for replying to a troll. The mods over there have itchy trigger fingers.
This is good. Thank you!
If you truly want more of God in your life, it requires letting go of some of the old things, to allow new things to flourish. #stop  #stop
The shattered glass looks like a sassy elf
I was quite sad.
Well, only the fringe dissipates into the ether.
He did not finish the eeason. RBs get injured more than any other position. The list goes on but we need another RB.
My gut feeling "what's wrong with his eyes?" on the second date. Should have listened.
Yes. We actually just talked about it too. Dont know if he took me seriously, but am trying.
My future must be bright af.
@bt_uk why does tracking show my equipment delivered, when it wasn't? Why is my service suddenly delayed? We've already 3 weeks. #fuming #fuming
I never knew this! Nuts are a total fear food for me
West world scrims
Two blankets, a hoody, and still no Eternal Sunshine to mope to.
Kik me I want to swap pics I will post on my account anonymously if you wish Kik: vsvplou #Kik #kikme #snap #nudes #tits #snapchat #kik #kikme #snap #nudes #tits #snapchat
The best daughter a father could ask for.
Heaven know why she would WANT to spend more time with him *see self out for catty-ness*
@debutemma I dont have to sit here and take this from u spry young children
It was absolutely delicious and I enjoyed every bite, trying to push guilty thoughts out of my head, although I couldn't stop thinking all afternoon about how many calories must have been in there!
I'm slightly ashamed to say I thought that was what the title implied too. Glad that's not the case
Thank you! Happy New Year, hopefully it's a good one
Acestream is a great tool, just a shame that it's closed source, makes it a bit scarier for me to use.
Yea that's nonsense
if Man U lose i may actually have a nervous breakdown
Reddit university man. A hard and rocky road but it takes you places.
Thanks for explaining it to me! I did have an adaptor thing to connect to HDMI, I will double check tonight
Maybe or my reptilian DNA hasn't manifested yet
don't you know? the world is america only [NAME] Bless.
I’m conflicting I want to upvote but really feel like it should be downvoted
According to the filmmakers, it was the same Brachiosaurus that awed the characters in the first movie. ;_;
Dont blame em. They should force change to get done what needs to be done
Lmfao, so true.
That was poop on her Croc.
Baba Yaga has very defined taste.
We have freeish speech. If you can be prosecuted for something you say then you can't in any way that we have free speech.
Just got x-rays, and at least my knee does not appear to be broken ( although they are sending the x-rays to a specialist to be sure ).
Actually a good idea. Starbucks, breakfast sandwiches, donuts... all fine excuses unless you work at one of those places.
@CNNPolitics I can't wait to hear what he had to say about the brilliant Dr. Hawking... it should be rich... In the poorest of taste! #bully #bully
In doing so, they gave humanity a cinematic treasure for the ages.
I didn't like the family ending but I liked the Atlantis ending especially as we know we are going to see more of it in DLC2.
You grew up in America. Your culture was teaching your children to think and fight for themselves.
The Watchmen just moved from Amazon to Netflix. Every time I watch that movie I like it way more. Hope I contributed here.
Also do something special no matter how corny it might be to reward yourself. You deserve it friend!
What's the problem? The worst aspect is the DRM which is easily circumvented, and of course giving money to Amazon
“The game is trash but I want it.” Great logic.
I saw the one where he was successful, and wondered how many attempts it took.
You see, when a router and a hard drive love each other very much...
I did it. Lol.
Nicely framed.
Jeez i need to find some of these places around me..would love a $2 beer. Everywhere i go is like $9 for draft help
@Miami4Trump Yeah, but bad part is the #terrorism #terror Muslims won't be the ones leaving #ObamaLegacy #nationalsecurity #disaster #Obama #terrorism #terror #obamalegacy #nationalsecurity #disaster #obama
Don’t explain how you’re feeling to her either. Women like men who’s feelings are unclear.
This maybe my favorite thing I've ever seen on this subreddit. I took a screenshot and I'm sending it to husband. OP thanks for the laugh
The last thing you wanted for your child, but they inevitably choose it. Funny that.
Thank you I love you
[NAME]. growing some ladyburn1974 as part of my first grow. thank you!
Wouldn't it be better if it was like 2017. More OL available later on for us.
Sometimes, I am amazed that they are able to fit into a car.
We were going to reach seventy.
Is that for hazmat? And thanks bro👊
I think a budget PHD or DNP would cost me 35k so not happening.
That's so amazing! I am happy for you both!
Aw thanks!!!
I'd love it if we could just put everyone into work camps as soon as they turn 12. Property come would be a thing of the past!
Couldnt agree more.
Basically how I discovered I’m bi—
I live in Mississippi, I don't know what the legality is in my circumstances
Who still unironically says SJWs? You look like an idiot saying that.
A Haizhu escapee went home, toured the village, stayed with friends — next day tested positive, infecting the whole small town!
hi my names anxiety and i have shaun
[NAME] :((((((( dude was such a comic genius gonna marathon curb tomorrow
Woah so [NAME] was finally unhappy with the team? I sense a lineup shuffle coming
Deal breaks what? You generalized and assumed I am part of the loud vocal minority.
Go make it yourself then! : P
Pls not granny :(
Aww that was endearing [NAME].
Shhhh, don’t say that, your going to trigger a millennial
The fact that this being brought up makes it a real scary feeling.
Wow. [NAME] is a giant POS. He'll be really happy being single and dying alone.
[NAME] from ZoE and [NAME] from TTGL. Actually fuck all that [NAME] from The Big O is where it's at.
Ty going through a lot right now and this made me smile.
"Put yourself into the position to be able to profit from luck" is the best I can formulate it.
I looked down at my feet, and saw that the waves had kicked up some of her trash.
I'm a bit late. What's the "AAAAAH FUCKING WATER" reference?
Lol, my parents know my old account too and probably this one. The struggles are real
This obviously led to your slow downward spiral into apostasy. The spirit never returned after skymall destroyed your testimony. 😜
When people don't understand things they invent gods. how little we have changed in all these years.
How many is that now? Feels like the 4th one now
Because they fear for their lives...
I’m not crying. You’re crying
#Scorpio's can withdraw to a quiet place after being hurt, only to think of a plan to sting back. #scorpio
Oooh that's so sweet,she sounds like a good and caring mother. Does your dad know?
I'm sorry for your loss. Also send a Mass card.
Great deal for us, happy he's back. Up next, [NAME]!
Can’t believe they actually got married. What a joke
He drinks all coffee with cream. We already know he’s not above disgusting liquids.
Just waved daughter and her wee friend off to school, walking by themselves #sob #terrifying! #sob #terrifying
Well that sucks. The disconnect reconnect and keeping your bloodpoints I mean. The accidental vs purposeful disconnect seems fair.
Great concept but, there is going to be a Danganrompa 4
Reporting to People’s Daily: real-name complaint — returning to Luoyang (Henan) with a starred code means 7 days’ self-paid quarantine.
The likes of [NAME] utter genius cannot be fathomed by mere mortals
Mention going home for New Year and they snap: “Don’t come back! No place to isolate you.” Aren’t there risk zones? Why not check first? My heart turned cold hearing that.
Me and these burns that I pick up off the pitches don't get on at all like 😢😢
Why is it shocking? All professional sports is all about bottom line first-period!
I am very thankful for that. And thankful I wasn’t totally brainwashed
Hey, I bought a few issues of "Lady Death" and it was awesome! I wasn't hanging posters though.
Hell yeah!
[NAME] damn it, I knew something was wrong, oh well.
I learned a lot about my teeth during my visit today.
We've lived together for 4 years. We do everything together.
Very interesting prediction!
Nothing wrong with pasta or bread. Stop buying bleached flour products and get whole grain.
It seems you've never played HotS.
Thoughts and Prayers... Go get fucked, fascist redneck scum!
If i start growing out my mustache now, I can be Pablo Escobar for Halloween!!!
Buddy. Your prejudice is showing. Also plot twist I'm a white [NAME] woman. You don't understand the principle of what white privilege is.
US team about to get a beat down
Sounds like my kind of place.
Don't worry - there's only one barely known movie to his credit. Pretty easy to avoid.
You seem slightly sensitive... I was actually thinking we had been infiltrated by the normies
Yea we’re actually pretty efficient on offense considering our personnel. Way better than I expected. The defense is just historically bad
Well stop drinking bovine growth hormone then.
I’m so sorry 🤪
Or it's awesome! It looks so nice out with the sunshine and all the new snow.
Why pay so much character and it feels so good. In the humble of 1996, the website was a skinny stoner with long hair.
This is where the fun begins.
I’m glad people are calling your lying ass out about CF.
Oh yeah you would have definitely gone in to 'save' another country.
Exactly. But beyond the surprise factor, the execution was perfect.
I don’t get why you don’t post that hog.
Kept you waiting, huh?
You look the same to me, but I'm happy you had a goal and accomplished it!! You're a cutie !!
it was amazing
FYI killing yourself is god-tier lib ownage
Thanks for posting.
Have a good one, mate. I wish you all the loves. Here, a potcoin for you.
Marriage isn't all about sex. And the fact you think so makes me concerned for whoever you end up with.
@HasegawaSona Big, toothy smile as she wiggles about!
Sorry, didnt realize. Anyway an r/woooosh so...
My dude looks like he's done with this WWE business
Less adventurous?
I actually do have a really good one who specializes in emp law. He serves multiple areas. Will pM
Sort of like a window?
Be safe.
Hello autism my old friend
"I have been abusive." This was before I even realised his narcissistic characteristics.
I appreciate your optimism in saying just a few more years
But the lady at the store said I had nice eyelashes so that's good, right? #optimism? @verizon #optimism
Just going in circles.
r/ThirdSentenceHappy My eyes swelled with tears as I opened the door and watched all 8 puppies, overcome with joy, as they were reunited with their Mother.
I love the way he starts kicking the guy while holding the 2 Ak's
So everyone who suffers a family loss should be exempt from paying any bills etc etc For how long? A month? Three?
TeamViolet going strong fam!
May [NAME] bless your efforts. I wish I could be there. De verdad soy Panameňo.
I love your response. I wish I were this witty.
The movie with crispy Lord [NAME]. "Good Evening, [NAME]."
Aw poor kid. At least he has a bomb-ass name. Too bad he probably doesn't remember it anymore.
Kinda feels like /r/WtSSTaDaMiT
I'm feeling hope for the first time in a long time.
I’d be damned if she isn’t the one cleaning up that mess
I've removed your post. You can create a new post with the link.
That treatise is working well for the environment! 😉
Cooinbase (controlled by mastercard) banned gab accounts too, nice
China just went through infections with BA.5.2 and BF.7 sublineages. Even if XBB enters on January 8, what will the population’s immunity level be? Can reinfection break through immunity built in such a short time? What does a BA.5.2/BF.7 immunity barrier have to do with XBB? Being immune to A doesn’t mean B — they’re not the same! If only you’d be honest... just look at U.S., Japan, and Germany’s data...
Why is it so windy? So glad I didn't ride my bike. #fear #wind #fear #wind
H A M B E R D E R S
May every storm you face turn into double blessings.
red nails for my foot and pink base plus white coat on the tip!i hope the polish stay as long as possible but my nails are one kind.
One time a lady got mad at me because her White Zinfandel was.......pink
Ok. Believe what you want. Have fun starving to death.
We all lose it too fast from time to time...but you have to make up for it. Hope it gets better.
It started on the 12th. So many traveling during the National Day holiday, plus meetings — when will it ever end…
I know many bf who would be excited for that
This comparison pic kills me! Stassi looks like a California Raisin!!
*ZETH voice*: Hit The Target \n (holds up upside down cheering towel)
It kinda is. It's better that special needs kids aren't hidden and their families don't feel that it is necessary or required.
You might enjoy this
In retrospect this implied extreme circumstances.
For me it's how much I love canned black beans that take a minute and forty five seconds in the microwave lol.
What was it?
That guy’s an asshole. He behavior doesn’t inherently have anything to do with poly.
Of all the injustices in the world!
Thanks! Very cool. It was a marriage gift, so that explains some of it. :)
That's an interesting way to do it. I might come off as a little crazy, but this would definitely be an interesting experiment.
@KicchaSudeep No words Sir... Thank you for the concern..
Nailed it !
That was a fluid motion and it scared me
I wish him good luck trying to get the video back but his chances are quite low. It's one man versus a corporate empire.
Refs Twitter in shambles
... and no one seemed to care Except that lonely woman with white hair
Truer words were never typed. Loved that game.
@LPDonovan this is why I think his pre prepped debate answers have the potential for hilarity
So when I say the eagles just won a chip what would that insinuate.. not everybody has the same terminology sorry if you view my perception wrong
Why doesn't anybody I know watch penny dreadful? ☹️️
When you just don't know where to go or what to do next.. in life..🤔 #lost #lost
At school, my classmate is with me at music class and he sang Hallelujah like, god, with my friend we were breathless.
@haileywiggins_ @flenner_alisha good. Takes more muscles to frown than smile
Well that’s definitely a pallet headed to walmart. Why am I not surprised
I was one of the best. I used to get at least 50 matches. Hair loss made me invisible all of the sudden
Experts’ forecasts on December’s spread and infection rates were all wrong — likely the same now. We’re left with “anecdotal statistics.”
Can genes be altered? I feel like I’ve heard something like this.
I would have said ok well I'll just take this back to the store.
What a grim night #GetTheFireLit 🔥 #getthefirelit
I'm excited for the #FirstDayofFall &amp; the rest of the season. I have 2 #Halloween #scare events I'm covering for @ThrillzCo in the next week #firstdayoffall #halloween #scare
@tonygoldmark Yeah I won't mourn it but I'm glad I rode it the last time I visited.
r/UNBGBBICHIDICTICBG Pretty sure I got that wrong but I think you guys know what I mean Edit: I can't spell
Have you read the AUMF? It's insane how much power it grants the government to prosecute the "War on Terror"
*french canadian fuck. They are the only ones who use it even though pretty much any french speaker knows what it means
Should be ,,How to be a [NAME] Character"
True on the colder end, but their summers are not as hot because the humidity is low so it really cools off in the evenings.
I’d give this comment a gold if I could!! Yes, as a husband here, there’s no better reward!
All they see is EA bad, this whole sub is coming full circle jerk now.
@pikapies I have many happy memories of the Isle Of Wight.\n...\nBut yeah, sink that shit.
They're tender and precious to the man?
But.. but... but... my kneejerk feefees! He, um, offended, and my rights, and RACIST!
I am in hysterics. How are these people so serious?
Yeah, but geology doesn’t provide enough pumped hydro. Not enough places to do it.
Their heart rate and sats are great. Don't know what you're worried about.
Can I comment on the lost opportunity/remarkable restraint by [NAME] to not have a "MLK I Have a Dream Mattress Sale"
You can pull yourself out of it. Fight those urges.
It was funny because I thought I broke my arm.
Lauren Jauregui makes all my problem dissapear it amazes my sadness. She keeps me strong
Hate the taste, switched to a plastic nalgene bottle
@Lrihendry I'm not sure we like this comparison.  USA should emulate #Israel's methods of protecting civilians against #terror attacks #israel #terror
She's supposed to be 20-something but is played by a 34+ year old actress.
I mean, she is
I wish I could :( tried
This sounds like a tangent from Brows Held High. I like it.
Focus groups thought [NAME] was too attractive and the brethren were experiencing a burning in their loins and sinews so we fixed it.
Way to go! I know who this couple is! they appear really happy!
What a finish
I thought I could handle it but I was wrong. Good [NAME] was I wrong.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @izzybuzy365 #lively #musically #lively #musically
Don't ruin it for him
@IainDale @LBC The only word worse than 'moist' in my opinion is 'scrape'. #ugh #shudder #ugh #shudder
Try out ESEA brother it is way less toxic and almost no cheaters (as far as I noticed, played 240 faceit matches and that is hella toxic)
@BoudicaRides @realkingrobbo Isn't that exactly what they should do? What took so long? He is more #afraid of #ClintonMafia than #Congress #afraid #clintonmafia #congress
My girlfriend and I watch it all the time and love making love while it’s playing in the background!
9Gag was my jam back in high school! Pleasure to meet an alumni
Honey is a cutie! My aunt and uncle have a dog named Honey too. 💗
If she deleted your Snapchat just because you showed up to a bingo, then it seems she's a bit of a bad person
I wasn’t being sarcastic, I was just asking if you are morbidly obese.
Try to watch this without crying.
Lol. Unfortunately, yes. >sigh<
Oh, wow, I didn't know my Dad had a Reddit account.
462 appearances in PL and 200 goals!! 2.31 games per goal. That's very nearly a goal in every 2 games #crap 😂😂 🙄🙄🤔🤔 #Rooney #crap #rooney
that's one amazing thought! All the best! we are with you!
Haha! Toronto, the hotbed of conservatism.
Only >!best boys!< get in this sandwich
That is disgusting. He should be embarrassed.
Yeah, I read that the first time. Nobody is forcing you, other than yourself.
Personally though I like to think of myself as a normy or a snowflake just without negative correlation. C;
Good guy for real.
Yeah there's no reason to believe you staying up as a kid has anything to do with your current insomnia
Step into and own your #brilliance. #womeninbiz #womeninbusiness #successs #femaleleaders #femaleentrepeneurs #brilliance #womeninbiz #womeninbusiness #successs #femaleleaders #femaleentrepeneurs
Getting into Tsinghua or Peking University truly requires both talent and effort—neither can be missing. They are the top of the pyramid, and only a few can stand there.
Instagram seriously sort your sh*t out. I spent ages writing that caption for you to delete it and not post it!! #fume #instagram #fume #instagram
That chick at the end. She just gets sucked onto the floor by pure sexual magnetism. 😂
I mean dug into cities and the like, the only urban fighting Turkey's done this whole war was in al-Bab and we all know how that went.
I’ve thrown up
Definite Fridge Horror moment for that movie. That poor man.
Thanks man, hope the holidays were good to you and yours.
Taking a charge up 30. I love this team
[NAME] believe in evolution and the hat isn't racist just because you say so. Quit trolling.
This what happens when you run a lineup that includes a cold Galloway, GRIII, and Brown
Which #JohnCarpenter #horror #action #flick is your favorite ?? #johncarpenter #horror #action #flick
I'm from the UK, I thought you must have been joking. Queen were the height of cool at several points in their career.
That is awful. :(
US is asking to be allowed to do quarterly reviews by a team of US people. CCP has replied that this is unreasonable and humiliating.
Annnnd that's too far. I think you should go home and rethink your life.
I think I'm overly defensive tbh... but yeah this relationship will be ending when I see him next.
On pace to lose home ice advantage.
Under the hashtag, finally a fair comment. Facts are as they said—it’s not that simple. Urban growth shows Guangzhou’s pain point: what to do with urban villages.
No apologies needed, beer loving friend!
[NAME] what an asshole.
Chuckle worthy. It's funny. There's at least structure to set up the punchline.
Where do you think it belongs? Why?
I cringe every time [NAME] is in a fast break because it usually ends with his shot getting spiked lol.
Idk about that, but if you were being genuine I apologize. I just don't think that is the case in this situation.
Niggas murking in each other. In murky water, I try to swim.
Sorry but I didn’t throw in the towel for my co worker. These feelings were present before she entered my life.
Ok, I'll tell you something which is both very creepy and very, very real.
Oh ok. I'll go check them out :)
I saw this on a comment.. was that you? The one with the white hood and the marker?
I think that happens equally with people that are or aren't interested, it's like a reflex to move on.
LPT: As soon as you wake up make a repost, your virtual internet points will make you feel better.
After reading the top comment about the person's mom and her friend... maybe she isn't telling me something.
I won't stop crying 😭
Look at their post history, they're just spouting nonsense to get a rise out of people. Dont be the guy that falls for it, its embarassing
Thanks Captain [NAME]. Admiral Semantics was just here, left a message to inform the crew that everything you eat is part of a diet.
Good video, friend
don't be with some just because they try to drown you in gifts. be with someone who makes you truly happy, without the materialistic things.
Plutocrats love Wealthcare.
that sounds disgustingly sweet and yet i want to try it
So glad to hear that! you go girl<3
Now you have to make up all these downvotes with some low-hanging-fruit criticism comment of [NAME] or [NAME]. Good luck and cheers!
Wow, what a controversial opinion.
Did the same thing more than 20 years ago and I still think about it periodically. Brutal.
me too, always smoke a cig with the joint, they are best friends
Oooh, hasn't seen that one. My favourite song is the first half of Miss Me.
I am and have dealt with the consequences, hence my amazing son. Like I said before, hopefully you don't procreate.
Fuck her. I hate her so much. I wish she’s just vanish back to Indonesia with her mustache.
and of course if that happens then there's no way it could be true. as if a protester could also be a paedophile.........
It gave me a laugh. xD
can't wait to be in another wedding!
What does that have to do with [NAME] having sex with a child, what's the point you're trying to make with that piece of information?
Hey, tell her from me that her blind fear is going to kill her children or someone else's.
Don’t tempt me!
With all those hours he spends humping his thesaurus, looking back on posts would be virtually impossible.
" and told me "Spook" was racist.
Because unlike [NAME] this guy hasn’t done anything controversial
That’s depressing
Problem is we don't have much else of value. [NAME], [NAME], [NAME]. We have to hope [NAME] likes THJ.
Oh they can make numbers up too , good idea. Astroturfing starwars, this is the worst timeline.
[NAME] is a sensitive topic for me, so when she is brought up, sometimes I just go on a little tangent. My apologies.
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. George S. Patton #quote #yeg #quote #yeg
I really enjoyed [NAME] and I feel him on a spiritual level
No kidding, this dude is trying to drown some serious demons.
It's not like UK monetary policy massively diverges from the Euro
He knows what's happening and passes over a gel containing more than my average monthly dosage of caffeine and I pour the entire syrupy mixture down my throat.
It’s not so much the heat, it’s the humidity that’ll kill you.
That is great insight. Once mom is against you, you’re done.
So mostly, I just kept on my feet and did a lot of walking.
so true cuz i’m pretty miserable but my instagram life looks amazing
Papaoutai still leaves me bald.
Tried to talk to my cousin to see whether this was really a possesion or something else.
Nobody would flop like that in practice
@komaebun He just has that way of thinking, he wants absolute hope born from absolute despair.
I love making peoples’ names verbs related to things they do!
I will say that her housing bill left a very bad taste in my mouth, and this is coming from someone with a very high opinion of [NAME].
@ehtesham_toi @RaviShastriOfc unfortunate decision, our players are more of superstars than cricketers. BCCI scared of their tantrums.
I’m hoping! She wasn’t bad at all in this episode!
Hooray!! Number 1! Number 1! Number 1! Number 1!
I’m glad you had such a helpful person on the other end during a tough situation, those kinds of people are like angels❤️
These style skins remind me so much of hollow knight
this is less tabletop horror more... regular horror do you know how he's doing now?
Out of interest, what’s a chibi? Is it basically a furry?
Probably gonna get buried but...
Immigration is what keeps Canada alive, immigrants bring in money, work, entrepreneurship and raw number of people. Canada's growth rate by itself is not sustainable
I do the 4-second gap as well and is it infuriating to see someone take advantage of it.
The Wall was calling... from inside the house!!
Tears of happiness rolls down the eyes
If you're going to troll us, at least put a little effort into it.
Prepare for trouble, and make it double
i do nt know man this shits rattling my brain.
he was always WC. was banging them in for the arsenal since he was 20 yrs old.
2009 kpop stays legendary.
You shouldn’t forget it, and you probably need therapy. Years of abuse like that takes its toll.
These posts must make people want to be security guards.
smoking weed while you watch 12 pull somebody else over is the most joyous thing ever.
Ahh. I forgot that was a thing with large breeds.
I love when kids get cocky and then fall / get injured. That first kid's smile and face plant is just the best.
As #life gets longer, #awful feels #softer, well it #feels pretty soft to me. #modestmouse @modestmouseband #life #awful #softer #feels #modestmouse
You can get a penta from 30 seconds after the quad.
i wanna passion and fear
Holy fuck dude. Use the mute button. Your feelings were hurt with one message, now click it, thanks ^_^
That’s one pissed off [NAME]
As a biologist lol. What about hermaphrodites?
All ur damage should have overflowed.. So just choose the best looking one.
it also can be found in r/redditsmuseumoffilth
I want my fucking cake back.
Yeah this whole thread is gross. Calling a little kid trashy or misogynistic or sexualized for liking to play dress up is just creepy and weird.
My cat is bloody lucky the RSPCA weren't open at 3am last night!!! #fuming 😡🐱 #fuming
No words, but a series of loud screams should explain this look fairly well
*Keeps stepping on cracks*
Wow. I could have gone my entire life without witnessing this limpdicked haemorrhoid rank the severity of sexual assault based on who the victim is.
[NAME] why can I relate so much.
that's a proud dad
Someone just needs a hug
Those women are the worst.
I hope you everyone is serious about not being a bulls fan anymore. Get out of here if this is what ends your fandom.
OK, so I still primarily blame the US. What's your point?
now playing yung fav song ni chavs #sober 😂 #sober
Better than mine.
We get it, you take Etizolam, congrats I guess..👏
Thanks man I will check into it.
Amber, on the other hand, was missing a boyfriend.
@Lesdoggg take me with you!! JK. Have fun, relax, get a massage or two and chill. Don't eat the cucumbers, most places frown on that.
Thanks for sharing
This entertained me far more than it should have. If I had gold to give...
You make me breathless.
In the worst of the anger phase I took up running. It’s hard to stay in that state while your legs are burning that much.
Yep first to go crying to the government but happy to bully single mums on the benefit
Matchroom squad dismiss [NAME] as not existing anymore, the sky media influence is scary
i think its cool because its a hybrid that comes in stickshift
How dare the russian government expose the DNC and its corrupt behavior!!!!!
doubt it, there wasn't a single mention of it
You can get into big, fuck up your life forever trouble.
Why does everything have to be a debate?
Editing a father of the bride speech. At 3 minutes in she tells him to wrap it up. He goes on for 12 more minutes. #nightmare #nightmare
Nah? Sadness and wine don’t mix too well, my conception is proof of that haha
Wow and shes fine to screwed people up ?@ wow are you sure from this story though?! How did people add thos storey up ?!
#blackish always has me #rollin  #blackish #rollin
I would make that face too if I just realized I was HC of the New York Jets
It’s really 90%, which is what the customer is told. Corporate isn’t real smart when it comes to signage.
Breeding Bull Terriers is cruel. They're genetic monstrosities at this point.
This is amazing, man. Kick some ass, make good food, get paid. Congratulations
I like how she was trying to stop the fight, then just gave up and started throwing them too.
You can get so much money from hunting. Fishing is probably the best method if you’re grinding but I actually enjoy hunting
I realized that. Why I jokingly said they were messing with you. Didn't think you actually spoke with them.
Beak makes no sense. Well beaks make no sense anyway but this one especially
I am but not till this year is over because we already paid for it
Ha ha?
You might want to let your attorney know about this encounter. I wish I could send you some teabags and a hug.
This was a year where late breakers broke towards [NAME]. Whereas late breakers broke towards [NAME] in 2016. That explains how she did so well.
10/10 reading. I don't care if it happened this way or not. I was sufficiently entertained!
And I wouldn't be surprised if corporate negotiated a volume discount through LV.
Glad to hear this gets easier. I want to visit Hawaii, but I've held off to avoid those feelings. Same with Portland sadly. :(
IMO, he was an asshat during the tell all, too. He was all about wanting [NAME] to thank and respect him post C section.
*concussion* *Trophy system kills it* *Another concussion* *Trophy system kills it* "Yo guys watch me throw this cluster" Honestly embarrassing
He's not an island he has support and help some are powerful friends. I imagine he takes the fight to [NAME] after this
If you have a bad memory, you have to train yourself to take notes
5 minutes... 300 COMMENTS! gg [NAME]
Would you fly to Miami to get the last word? Lol
[NAME] deliver me from this nightmare I'm stuck in.
I'd give it a 6.9, based on the fact that he was still caught in the tree
It depresses me that the Carousel revamp has been a popular answer. Thats not a change, that a sliding scale adjustment.
Does he even own a pair of airpods? Broke boi.
Wrong. Dopamine is addictive, seratonin is well being.
Undermining pandemic control drags the whole city down. For their so-called livelihood, they hurt everyone else’s.
I used to hate them too, but since vikendi I’ve gotten pretty used to them
I love them too. That one is definitely my favourite. Here’s a close second. He speaks three ‘space languages’
I LOVE WALNUT CREEK
That’s just cruel and unusual. Hook him up for aggravated assault on a police officer.
Poo again? it really is an obsession.
Lol, I’m surprised more people didn’t catch that. Thanks for the med check!
You don’t understand it because it’s insanely dumb, as the vid demonstrates.
I suppose inducing vomiting is a sort of detox...
In my head I just said, "this is going to end badly.
Remember when Joe and Quinn had a thing on glee
Ah so gang rapes aren't a thing anymore, eh? Glad to hear that.
You're delusional and unabashedly willing to lie about others for ideological reasons.
Mate the thing I get excited about in my profession are mad. A client said she opened her bowels, I'm rejoicing
That was your saddest shortest story yet
my good woman, I'm not sure that you handled it poorly
>[NAME] well, there's your problem
Don’t envy me — I’m terrified in Guangzhou. Lockdown’s over, dining’s open, but there are nearly 100 community cases, 6–7k new daily. Things look “normal,” but spread may worsen. I’m off to buy more N95s — people say it’s like a cold, but facing it myself, I’m scared. Only self-protection helps.
Maybe I need to take a full day of rest and not do anything exercise-related for one day to help my legs feel better.
For me it's more about making my personal appearance a hobby more than just buying expensive stuff to have it
The Democrats do not want to give [NAME] any victory at all that is a simple reason why they oppose the wall now.
@Steadi_Lady You're eating skin that could have been sent to a tannery for leather processing. 😄
I am a third year college student and and English major. Today is the first time I've ever written an essay without having a panic attack
Love this! I'll have to teach [NAME] about Grey Rocking.....and me too
What a joke — National Day break is only three days, back to work on the 4th. Mid-Autumn starts on the 29th, so at most five days total! Otherwise, any days off, you’ll have to make up for anyway.
That's the worst feeling haha
That was at Nats Park. I remember that poor guy.
After [NAME] comment the stock prices fell and the [NAME] was never heard from again. Crab juice went up 4 points
I know Bro! Won't happen again next Jan-uary.
I knew the top comment *had to be* about them fonts.
@SopanDeb @johnrobertsFox @azizansari Let's not stereotype all South Asians as relentless beat reporters.
Let me admit. This show is a guilty pleasure. Seeing these people's lives in such chaos brings me joy.
We can work on both. Ignore centrists who want to pretend that we have to choose.
Doesn’t excuse the majority of southerners
I know this is late, but I can’t believe I missed this. Love it.
It worked for me too!!
On Your Mind- Kaskade Snow in Gothenburg-Kasbo Fuck Was I-Jenny [NAME] (Morgan Page Remix) Now or Never Now-Metric
Skip the middle man, squish them up my anus and vomit out the skins and seed
You are extremely rude and condescending, and in my opinion it’s sad that you’re a teacher.
That’s very admirable and courageous of her. I appreciate the many women that are doing that here on Reddit as well.
Whoever told you that is lying.
I mean it would be borderline targeting in college football. It was a really egregious missed call.
I quit soda about a month ago and this makes me want to go buy an entire 2-liter just to comfort myself
You look like 1 of those ISIS fighters got shot in the head
I like how it's "unacceptable" lol. The nerve
It was deloitte wasn't it. That is some bullshit application.
'to fill his campaign bank account with tens of millions of dollars'..trump 2020 campaign to start now #sad  #bad #sad #bad
THAT'S NOT HOW THIS GAME WORKS.
My point was that there is no good vote here. This is legislative battle over wall funding and any given vote makes sense only in that context.
Negative canthal tilt. Poor lil' guy.
I'm a poker pro I'm a pro at my job so I can lose money at poker
Yes, some doctors look down on military docs. However, I've never seen military nurses looked down upon. If anything, it gives them a leg up.
This sounds amazing!
The "dad" in that Pizza Hut commercial looks weird af
Also a tacklebox is what you keep fishing gear in. Not sure if the football thing was a reference to that.
I even wrote on my hand so I could remember it the next morning.
I watched the launch of Wentian in July. The only pity for you today is the cloudy sky — but at least you won’t worry about getting tanned. I wore sandals that day, and the tan lines from standing on the beach are still visible even now.
Is there any way to somebody can please translate the notes into doc form or something? I am having trouble viewing them :(
Lol I don't hate these tbh at least they're real
Oof. Same guy probably would've had an aneurysm if he saw how much my boss charges for a cup of shredded cheese
What an incel
Yeah, apparently they're wrong. It is a bummer and only getting worse, it seems.
> All the complexity was lost in Oblivion, and it was a huge disappointment. So you are agreeing with me?
Do not defend yourself.
I wish [NAME] was fit enough to be fourth choice.
@xmaseveevil1. #MSM is rejoicing that they've fooled us with these body doubles for so long &amp; now her death is a secret. Just like Hawkings #msm
I like the Call Her Daddy Girls and I don’t care who knows it
You’re absolutely right, I’m 61 and shouldn’t be at all surprised by the arrogance that ignorance can generate.
If anything, [NAME] got fouled
If you’re in public, I suggest you hide your concern as much as you can.
Yea, husband learned his lesson quite quick. Thank you! :)
Ok but I just got called a 'White Devil' on the train and I didnt know whether to laugh or be offended
Leave. Sounds cold, but it's the only option.
already downloading, as long as there is 1 or 2 fun heroes it will be worth it
Hey man, it’s hard out here for a cat!
Some rambling paragraphs about what a waste I am and how sorry I am to be a disappointment to those around me and that sort.
And now she works for King5 Seattle. She must have only needed to focus on being a Mom for a couple months.
#QUIT HURTING THE BIRDS #quit
@williamcontrol just preordered The Pale EP... Would have paid for the phone call... But I would have freaked out and not said anything
What? I feel like temps shouldnt be in for 6 months
Lol, how much XP you get for that?
You've been muted. Usually awarded for extreme toxicity, don't worry though its temporary.
Can you snap a picture of that pinky in your butthole, friend?
>More so because a thinking person cannot legitimately argue against it. Man.
Why a 14 year old? WHY WEAR LIP STICK WHEN KISSING PAPER?
Aren’t people on the internet the best! I don’t blame you for deleting, no time for negativity in this life. 🍻
Its nice to have time to be able to get a job and a new apartment before having to start paying back those loans.
Don't bother, redditors hate Israel
Thank you! Good night!
Most people are unfamiliar with them and fooled by the deceptive name. My money is on no.
Haaaaay it’s the NAGR Guy!!!!!
wow great news . happy for him
People actually cancelled their subscriptions because they didn't endorse him. These same people call others 'snowflakes'. lol
Oh my [NAME] I saw the rocks below the dog and feared the worst!
That’s a complete
its not even illegal for like siblings and parents/children to have sex as long as they are adults and consenting when the relationship begins.
In backwater towns, 20k per square meter is considered cheap; even village homes near 10k. “Thanks” to Wenzhou speculators — and their eighteen generations!
I’m now a [NAME] fan! Hope he does well, gl my Canadian brother ❤️
>zucchini Literally LOL! I'm trying not to wake my sleeping husband, but I can't stop laughing!
Without any kind if proof beyond ex gf’s texting eachother, im not going to just up and believe this
Not sure who they went to, but free in my state (Ohio).
These [NAME] names are really beautiful!!!
dude stop your gonna make me cry. This is horrible please don't do this STOP right now. Dont it's just not worth it
US you need to band together not apart #nevertrump he promotes hatred and fuels  #nevertrump
Its amazing how fast evolution can take place.
Lol! Taxes are where the soul goes to die. Good luck, man! Get that degree and run far away!
Looking like a kid didn't exactly inspire men to treat me like a sexy woman, even though I was cute as a button.
My mom just shared this on Facebook and I didn't even know what to say to her so I just immediately screenshotted it to share here
I'm not even surecwhat it is why do people hate it?
Cool story bro!
Keep turning a blind eye to the truth. It unnatural.
@FitnessFirstAU something needs to be done about people hogging machines - nobody can use 3 machines at one time!  #notfair #whypay #notfair #whypay
“-sigh- I’m so bad at making friends”- Owl
Thanks I am among them.
I have 100% went to Wendy’s more after realizing I’m attracted to their mascot thanks to sassy twitter memes.
Janice Griffith snap story  😍😍😍
No matter which you pick ([NAME] or [NAME]) the dance and the date scenes were great. It genuinely makes me happy seeing [NAME] happy.
We had a long debate about how old Jackie bird is and as per every year were surprised by the result. Was pish
I'm with you. I'd love for my nex to read what I post. It probably wouldn't matter because she has zero self-awareness.
Those people are seeking fame and riches, of course they're gonna run into scumbag predators
I can’t believe Liu Xin even has fans. Do you agree with what she did? Hope you all meet such “best friends.”
It's always nice to tell someone a pleasant story before they go to sleep.
I will, eventually. Thank you for the kind words.
Why the fuck would you go for pizza, subs or pork rolls in texas?
Every time I see a something like, 'thanks for nothing, [NAME],' I mentally apologize to her, lol.
Enjoy the ahuahuasca
Ahh didn’t know that. Thanks!
Looks better imo
and naoto nod she also like tha bands. but she also frown. 'Will the bands 'Papa Roach' be at concert...?'
Sorry, but anarcho-anything are bot welcome there
Could you imagine? That would be so terrible for viewers. 😂
That’s a really cool GMC van there, love seeing really old, unusual vehicles like that around town.
You know it doesn't use the word "boycott" at all, right?
Ughh same. Love the finish of it just wish it had more coverage.
At least a feed of diazies stops me shitting the bed over the idea of a man wearing a dress. Uppa fuckin erps!!!
I feel bad for all those kids whose parents decided to homeschool them so they could be professional HOTS players without all that stupid learning getting in the way.
I need to find a term for this so badly.
It was clearly them who threw supplies everywhere and even hit our “Big White” volunteers, yet they demanded a 200 yuan subsidy per person, sounding all self-righteous.
thank you for your kind words.
Don't just distance yourself, BLOCK them
so you did listen but pretend not to know then. fine.
'When the mind is denied the emotional sting of losing it never figures out how to win.' -Jonah Lehrer
Just Women I occasionally went out with, but, never anything serious.
[NAME] is completely delusional. She’s in extreme denial and only hears and sees what she wants to.
Not ok. They could have easily given them a drug test if they really wanted to know if they were on drugs. Disgusting.
I DON'T BELIEVE, WHAT I JUST SAW
They gave me free Subnautica which is an incredibly wonderful game so I'm pretty darn happy. And it's not exclusive.
Both directions? They should all be arrested. This will cost the people of Edmonton a lot of time and money. Fuck these pricks.
I don't filter it out because I enjoy my daily cringe from the constant open letters. "To the ____ who ____"
Is this my Beetlejuice moment?
2010. [NAME] being all desperate, [NAME] return. Shit was gold
Shoutout to the drunk man on the bus who pissed in a bottle and on the seats
Thank you [NAME]. Apparently having a sense of humor isn't your strong suit
Yeah, but I mean, you need to actually be motivated for the climate and not just wanting to skip school
Plz add ye and ksg. Thanks, ye
where are my upvotes
is a great resource.
i agree to kill all children
She manages to interview the most horrible people, as long as they're willing. Can't have an interview with someone who'll only attack your questions.
@Bridget_Jones was joyous. Worried I would be disappointed. Most definitely was not. #chickflick #giggles #comethefuckonbridget #chickflick #giggles #comethefuckonbridget
@KseniaSolo hi little late to lost girl but think you awesome from South Afrikaans:-)
[NAME], for when you want to be a healer but also want a FUCK EVERYONE AROUND ME button. Although I’ve been maiming [NAME] recently.
...at your age, the heyday in the blood is tame...' @TheArtofCharm #shakespeareaninsults #hamlet #elizabethan #williamshakespeare #shakespeareaninsults #hamlet #elizabethan #williamshakespeare
Yeah. Go ahead. Go back to mensrights, sort by top all time, and see that I'm telling the truth.
The move takes a lot of concentration, hence the blank stare of total focus. Ultra instinct
If his seat was vacant, would there be a special election in 2020 if it happened soon? Not wishing him dead or whatever.
Guangzhou is truly inclusive! I’m a local, and none of my friends discriminate against people from other provinces.
Bar beer garden - fire pits - access to the bike trail - corn hole - bocce ball - food trucks
I like your colour choices and I can feel your love of the city. Keep up the art! Sending you lots of love and healing.
No worries! But I figure the written recipe should be handy for some folks.
@MatherFamilys @SDICenter @CAllstadt \n\ndo REDNECKS intellectually intimidate you and force you to be their dancing clown?
[NAME] is having a visible affect on his game and I love it. I think we are witnessing the development of a future star.
>tfw she was explaining to him what a nuclear explosion would do
[NAME] loves his Starbucks!
It's so sad that people don't vaccinate their children. For every upvote to this post, I'll vaccinate my child in protest.
I kind of liked that one song he did with [NAME]. I forgot the name though.
Its not just kids being kids, stop being so naive
Not really. Everyone has different thoughts about kids and I don’t see it as appeasement.
.@WotzupCapeTown - thanks for sharing! Surprise guests! @HumanJurgen &amp; visiting US Tenor Sax @CunninghamColin. #livemusic #capetown #blues #livemusic #capetown #blues
I'd hate to see the [NAME] be reduced to a drunk junker. You know, like REYS parents are.
I remember being 4 and so excited to help pair the socks after they were dried. Kids love being involved.
That what a highlight reel moment that will be played for years and years. That game is on my rotation of games. Great game all around.
I picked it so it forced me to stay anonymous.
Slovenia is awake and ready for some Mavs magic!
Too bad [NAME] is going to be completely overshadowed by [NAME] to even notice.
Dude, you made my day.
Taking a blood thinner such as aspirin would keep it from clotting
haha ye ik i was smoking weed for a while before a had to stop. thanks one love
Hey, at least he finds women!
I just didn't see the reason to sit there with a cookie on my nose.
Drink the kool-aid! Lol
Oh wow. Didn’t realize it was that broad.
Youre not wrong, but that applies to every ad. People are generally getting upset with the message more than anything though
@shoe0nhead @ObscuredLeg Hi I just wanted to wish you two a happy tuesday.😊
In heaven that's the only thing that's going on. All the angels and human souls sing [NAME] praises forever.
Aah I hope he's okay. So glad it's back! Time to get creeped out tonight.
If he doesn’t give it a ten I’m gonna riot
What the fuck is this about?
sorry it was absolutely not like that
Fam, I fucking love [NAME] play. Gotta be the most exciting dude in the league other than [NAME] when he’s hitting everything from 30ft+
It’s always nice to say something [nice]!
It surprises me Turkey doesn't intervene even there. I would presume that at least OB-ES areas are off limits and Turkey would intervene if HTS entered them.
A) at first it looked like sex doll B) aren't the staples gonna sting you in the ass at some point?
False false false It's about having a good group of friends to go out with and knowing the right places to go to meet new people.
New record, and in his debut season 6 nations. The guy is an absolute prodigy.
Not a particularly in-depth article, but I thought it was a worthwhile follow-up to the recent post about police ticketing people outside Tim Hortons.
I don't know if I'm more disappointed in the driver or the pedestrians..
She shows her face and doesn't hide behind fake names on Reddit .
I would like to do that but imagine how weird it would sound to them if they didn’t do it? 😂
Very frustrating. And totally the fault of your school’s systems for handling the issue. Sorry you have to deal with it.
I think it's safe to say I've peaked. 16/25 on the second half wouldn't all that surprising but I probably whiffed on [NAME]
Hahaha, that's true for all their series.
The outer right side was throbbing in pain and shooting up to my ankle.
Yes! My SO does that, unfortunately the requirements are stricter and I can't :(
Uncle [NAME], you dirty old man.
I've found that carrying 21 chromosome's is the sweet spot
But the man has no intention of helping the child... The point of far-right populism is "fuck everyone who isn't apart of my group"
It was only a matter of time
Being #happy means letting go of the clinging and attachment to things in your life. #WednesdayWisdom #life #happy #wednesdaywisdom #life
The worst Alabama loss under [NAME]. It was a good day.
All of their Saints are psychotic idiot who died for nothing. People remember them as horrible people in death as they were in life.
Just wondering why they called the cops but not an ambulance seeing as how he was covered in blood and disoriented.
Omg I actually thought she was going to jump.  #SouthPark20 #southpark #southpark20 #southpark
Ouch. Hurts because it's true.
Oh, real cool! Thanks for the references.
Oh man I didn’t know it was a repost but I tried trimming it after seeing on the gram.
[NAME] has towed the line of the Dark Side. He wouldn't cross it by doing something like this.
Very good! Now run along little boy. Shew! Fft!
Cause his value is at the lowest now.. If he does improve and score goals for Monaco, he'll be sold in the summer.
> No one likes being made to vote more often than they have to. My love of the sausage sizzle says otherwise!
LOL THEY DIED? like if you get reference
@RashidAlMaktoum For #serious #intermediaries all required info about #project or #Owner will be mailed. #serious #intermediaries #project #owner
I would think: Thank [NAME] it's finally happening
The company president was so impressed with the prank that he promoted op to company president before stepping down himself
Wasn't me I'm the defensive [NAME]. But trust me we were all equally confused, and delighted.
@AdsByFlaherty And you're cheerfully defending a group of unchecked, armed thugs who've shown a history of racism, violence, and lies.
> The most important part of the adduction machine. However I am thinking, akin to being asked stuff like that, everyone will be awful.
At this point one can only hope.
Wow [NAME] has a lot more insecurities than I thought
My legs felt weak.
That's a pretty laughable response. Pretty r/iamverybadass actually.
This sucks so much and I’m sorry. I hope you recover and have a wonderful life.
Yes. Things come back fast, though. I think its an aspect of the 'eternal adolescent' brain.
But she told me she asked because of the post that I made
My soul twin must be [NAME] because I’m terrified of water!
This is so gross
For fuck sake... just go and remind them it's the quiet train!
One more step in long work #visa process is over. Relief. Onto next step. #expat #restless #visa #expat #restless
@leener00 @libbyfloyd1 @G_Eazy my snap is andriaprebles ❤️
Spiritual shorthand. You nailed it. That term says it all. They've become so practiced in it that it has become meaningless.
Sometimes your brows just hypnotize me
THE ONLY RUMOR I'VE EVER HEARD IS WHETHER OR NOT THE SEARCH FUNCTION EXISTS. SPOILER ALERT: IT DOES.
Lore wise, this makes sense and I hate/love it with the same energy
He was! And people in my class would be so hard on him about his accent. I hear the guy teaching the class now is really good, though!
you are correcting and downvoting me after I've already corrected myself, btw.
So happy I live in NYC! See you tomorrow .....@SamHeughan @Barbour
Anyone from this sub that's caught posting in that thread should be banned from here. And from life.
I am bored of [NAME]. Next celebrity chef!
And, what happened...
That is the argument used in those discussions. There is no hypothetical here.
Idk about any anime from 16-23 years ago but it's probably too outdated for his new waifu
Alright guys I got next on the repost
@torbalan I still have some shred of optimism. It's rapidly disappearing however...
Who is this?
Maybe it has something to do with difficulty? I'm playing on hard. Just did another quest in this line, also gave me 407. Weird.
May the pandemic vanish! And may villains, disasters, jealousy, greed, evil, distortion, pettiness, suspicion, anxiety, hate, resentment, bad luck, slander, and karma all be gone.
You are so pretty.
I’m not unpleasant with her.
That's such a lazy way of looking at things.
They stole my joke, damn them!
Boy it sure is a hot one today, huh?
Oh I get i see it's #TexasTech playing tonight not the #Texans #TNF #texansarebad  #texastech #texans #tnf #texansarebad
Mug that fool
I only cut my hair so I can fucc hoes in a durag #glee #sg #glee #sg
I actually listened to the entire joke... and I read the press release from the CHRT. How about you?
I love the guy who is like "the analogy is daft. Cheese would sink", like that isn't the point.
Fair point.
It's just projection..they can't take a joke so they think no one else can either.
>Yes. I’m an idiot. Checks out.
I got fever highs\nI got boiling blood
Have fun with that nos canister!❤️
Of course. I'm glad you were able to revisit in a healthy manner.
Don't wanna really go out but I can't say no. Deffo have a fear of missing out
Anyone else thinking that there was a warrant out for this guys arrest, or maybe that the car was stolen to begin with?
Whats trashy about her? She seems pretty well put together and untrashy to me. Everybody likes to put on a slutty dress and party every now and then
*snerk* People like this kill me. Idiots.
Look at me. Made it through the day without a meltdown.
It's like he saw it coming and wanted it to be close, so he kept his speed just to show the Xterra that they were wrong.
Don't you fucken do it
This is so odd.
Tonight's run.... #restless #restless
Sounds like a great way to accidentally fucking kill someone who might just be passing by.
I'm glad my kids don't fuck with Blac Youngsta. That nigga terrible for our community
@YahooFantasy update may have been the worst mistake of my day
I KILL YOU SCUM
No one cares. You guys keep trying to make something out of what isn't there. No one cares. Truly.
> the ruts laid out for you by the people who raised you I like that. It's the perfect imagery.
This is the seat [NAME] should be running for....
What? Even his follow up comment was related to dog hair.
I always just join them.
B, I dont frink coffee anyways
> Got it Heh. You've got *something*. Might be a brain tumor.
You’re not being used but she has no right to tell you what to do with your money.
Ohhh, thank you for correcting me 😊
Among the first astronauts, five never flew before retiring. Though they never reached space, they’re still heroes — worthy of flowers and applause.
I love the creative writing that stems from this sub, so entertaining.
I'm amazed people read BuzzFeed articles.
I don’t have to stop speaking fact simply because it’s uncomfortable for you to hear.
> what **the straights** have > ... > **"stereotyping** Hmm
Scary that [NAME] ASG effort looked similar to some of his regular season performances.
I thought I actually saw that happen in a clip
( HUGE grin on my face now. )
I don't think they consider geometric patters to be abstract art.
@TiganVarcolac &lt; feel this precious pleasure. 'Harder..' He whispered almost breathless and his index finger stroked along his waistband &gt;
Yes, I did, not once...here is my full story: Story of my dead bedroom
No I meant like did they then forget and ask a follow up question. Basically making the situation more funny.
Serve eviction notice, get some press, that’ll really get things moving
Oh... welp. 😑
Now all we need is to beat them in the playoffs one last time and win the super bowl THEN I'll be able to be happy
I have a sudden urge to delete my reddit account
This movie is highly underrated. Part of the problem it has is that Rogue One was SO FREAKING AWESOME!
@AmyMek this is so absurd I could laugh right now (if I also didn't feel like crying for the future of our country). #despair #wakeupcall #despair #wakeupcall
You need help.
effective java! It's a classic.
Political affiliations has only little correlation to individual intellectual ability
WYA? I'll come through.
There were a surprising amount of surprised pikachus in this thread—thanks for the edit all the same.
I’m surprised it was uploaded today, especially since he uploaded a video just a few hours ago
Having a friend helped me
What a goal
@KeenanRuggeri You would have been raging as it was probably put in place instead of an extra crisp
I love Subnautica. It's so, so terrifying but also beautiful and cool and I can wimp out and put it down any time.
The hometown economy runs on migrant workers’ money — they’re basically the government’s lifeline. Refusing them entry while taking their money? That’s unfilial, right?
You. I like you.
Been working in Blanchardstown shopping centre for over 2 years now and I only figured out today where Marks &amp; Spencer's is #lost #lost
Man Utd are shambles that was horrific 😭😭😭
If your partner is assaulting/abusing you that’s a dealbreaker.
>It is tailored to your viewing history. That's fairly common knowledge nowadays isn't it? Weird thing for the comic to point out.
Hey guys don't freak out but Widow has a POISON MINE, ikr I never knew it existed. I was too busy missing body shots.
🦀MY BABYS DEAD🦀
This is so scary but I would love to go there. And it is actually in Brazil
I bent my knee inward.
#Aleppo city is burning. The head of #terrorism #Assad regime &amp; #Russia are bombarding the city right now with #whitephosphrus #bombs ! #aleppo #terrorism #assad #russia #whitephosphrus #bombs
1 Corinthians 13 😅 I am lazy so i won't write it down sry
Guess [NAME] back hurts more than [NAME] neck, a comeback insues.
This...is just beautiful
Enfp male here, I would love to find an INTJ girl and see if it works, which people tell me it could!
Shouldn’t this go straight to a blacklist? Wait for the result, stop with the double standards. If the embassy stirs trouble, stand firm and set the rules — please!!!
WHY TF DO BROKE BOYS KEEP TRYNA FIND GF's? GET UR FUCKIN $$$ RIGHT B4 I SMACK YO BITCHASS, she deserves 2be happy &amp; u don't deserve that ass
Did he drug her or was she actually drunk when she ordered?
In 2:55 they’ve scored more points than Oregon/Michigan State did in 60 minutes! 😂😂😂😐😐😐😥😥😥
Pauly and I went over to the PokerStars party and I downed some pork tenderloin, caesar salad, and tortellini with pesto sauce along with one Bahama Mama ( a tasty pink rum concoction ) to settle my nerves.
It's not there he is just being his usual jerk-off self.
I really wish my road rage wasn't so damn bad lmaooooo
Dentist did this to me I hate it. I knew i should have waited until "it wad worse" but i didn't. I regret it
untypical kinda Friday #dull #dull
> Marginal tax rate is a fairly sophisticated concept It really isn't.
As a server i never minded if they tipped accordingly. But everyone else loathed it.
They're likely elderly, so not a big concern if they're tapping SS.
Not only do they make me cringe, I become angry because usually or is my nmother and her flying monkey daughter posting them. Just horrible.
That's unfortunate for you.
[NAME] is decent? Dude he was drafted 3rd overall he's been a massive disappointment
Let's hope it means 12/12 for [NAME]
Which one? The November game where the Bengals almost come back or the December game where the defense scores two TDs?
This interview has so much gold in it. The Wreck it Ralph bit is my favourite.
Not untill today has anyone ever said to me they remember what I had on over 7 years ago when they met me n liked me since #cutealert #happy #cutealert #happy
I hope this guy got found and fired. That's way too dangerous. He could have easily killed someone.
Still pretty good at rugby tho ‍♂️
I love that this is written on notebook paper.
Grow up fool
Remove one D and this becomes a lot worse
My "three B's" were specifically moderate guys who'll pull support from [NAME]. There's not much overlap between [NAME] base and hers.
So what happens is we get there.
Whoa, thanks for the in depth answer!
Aaaaand now I'm concerned. Clearly there's a story behind this.
Woord stay safe and have fun my friend. That’s a good find haha
Oh [NAME] lol the cringe is palpable
All the inmates, including serial killers: *'Someone save me from this psycho.'*
This...desire, this problem?
Best RB draft pick ever? Sure. Best draft pick ever? No lmao
thank you!!
> People who aren’t stupid don’t get offended when Called stupid. Exactly. Well put. Thanks.
Wholesome and hilarious! Good job OP.
Sweeter than ever.
This sub is very very bad at irony
Thanks for the breakdown [NAME].
It's interesting but would be super impractical as a prosthetic for an amputee or someone with a limb deformity.
Thanks! Fridays...and Saturdays...and Sundays...all gonna be long, lol. Ack!
Rip [NAME] and [NAME] if [NAME] exposes everything to [NAME]
You don't understand what Marxism is.
Pretty sure the legislature needs to change laws
Just hit my 3pl8 squat, been looking forward to this for a long time so really happy I finally got it! Now on to 4
Hi, [NAME]! I hope you have a wonderful day! -HappyFriendlyBot
Ok but who’s gonna take one for the team and make their flair “eats Xanax and moves on”
Puny god! Love it
Yah. I unfortunately was sitting and watching this documentary with my Mother. That was very awkward.
Yeah, considering guns by themselves aren’t an issue (like I so thoroughly explained to you), that’s a valid argument.
I worked at a hospital in northern NJ and float pool was only $4 extra
Wow girl where are your BROWS?
Those pearls are the worst, ugh.
My fave moments are checking cities and villages and my heart races when I see movement :D
what a cruelly poetic fact
im literally shaking bc im nervous and bc its fucking cold oh how i love life
how many times has this been reposted by now? 10?
Yeah how dare I want more Green Arrow material in my GREEN ARROW show.
Given that the murder rate is primarily caused by the so-called "war on drugs", I don't see how gun laws would affect it at all.
> Nothing mentioned about him thinking to transfer. That's what this whole thread is about, dork.
@DDogsScout 'Oh!' Almost with odd cheerfulness, Big Boss offers: 'Muzzle flash blinding. Accidental by the guy who became my best friend.'
Everytime I get to hug someone.
Yup. How sad is it to admit I'm jealous of the ravens run game and defense 😣
Come to the @BullSkitComedy FUNdraiser this Fri. at 8pm @TheScottBlock. Because #pie + #face = ! #pie #face
Everytime I see something in this sub that looks sharp, I get very worried.
It is weird to be having sex at all at 15.
@JonathanHatfull I’ll look forward to it. Hoping for lots of stetson-tilting and rueful looks into whiskey glasses.
I was trying to make a friend that was being a douche jealous by telling him I was having a 3 some. Accidentally messaged it to my father.
Gods, what a loser.
I tend to organize better with top stocker but big shit won't fit on them
Don't get insulted by it
Now we need [NAME] to reunite with [NAME]
You beat me to it!
Haha hopefully, that'd be good for his morale. I just wanna beat the Knicks tonight honestly.
Thanks for the information. What about any programs in the air force.
Now you know why Emei Mountain monkeys turned like this — people kept feeding and teasing them. Now they’re all aggressive.
Sounds like you work for a terrible company
as i go to take the hook out of my 4th fish... it shakes and embeds the hook in my hand.
If I don't shave I won't be able to wear a bikini, so not shaving is not an option
It wouldn’t be our biggest free agent signing in a second considering he’s not a free agent.
Dear hipster behind me at the game I am finding it very hard to pay attention while you talk about the politics of grapes of wrath. SHUT UP!
Interesting. Is it cool to say colored person now?
Wow. That went south both times. Wanna try for a third?
[NAME] queen will live until he is 86 years old. Thts what reverse flash said so its the damn truth
Lol. Thanks for the info
Performing good with a weapon that is better than almost every other in the game makes you view them better than average? ok
Great, but we can't just assume that that's the case and allow everyone to DevientArt the whole subreddit
@ManUtd it was a terrible Freekick...
That’s wonderful to hear. :) I hope you get your guy!
It is like how I imagine [NAME] and [NAME] people seeing wooden ships across the water the first time.
Tread carefully , my friend. So many red flags.
[NAME], I’ve slaughtered [NAME] today, but the man has balls, I’ll give him that
I was dozing off in class when the earth shook — teacher yelled “Earthquake!” We ran as the building swayed, nearly collapsing. Terrifying.
They won’t find my house once it’s painted in go-away green...
Thiza!!! What happens now when you tell him you're pregnant via home test &amp; nurse later tells you it's a false alarm &amp; BaE is too excited🙊
So not pumped for this interview
I miss SFist's Apartment Sadness column.
His time will come for that
Yea, I'm willing to bet the auto makers have known about this technology for quite a while.
Praying for you to find peace soon, man.
Fuck the fucking refs. Seriously. Fuck those fucking cunts. I'm so fucking mad. Fucking dickless fucking street walking fucking sluts.
I love the people who confuse this sub for some kind of "intellectual" gathering lmao
Just waiting to see which outlets decide to report it first.
#1 rule you don’t say it you can think it but never say it #1
If somebody is fundamentally unsocialized chances are they behave socially inappropriate in more than one situation
Why did he think that you work there? People visit hospitals all the time.
Thank you for the detailed response. It’s about time I worry about making myself happy rather than them.
she and [NAME] seem genuinely happy with each other now. i’m happy for them both
And then a glorious sports-free summer until football camp opens in August!
My nose was mashed against my face, I was in complete darkness, and the only way to breathe was the oxygen coming in through that tiny eyelet at my mouth.
@rsdeepsea @BreitbartNews If 3 people are in a country of 300 million - you are going to RUIN the whole country over 3 people?
You’re overthinking — even my tiny 7th- or 8th-tier city has prices of 7–8k per sqm, and good areas are over 10k.
Congrats dude! I hope my shitstuation turns around as greatly as yours did.
It’s laughable — comments flipped to “cheer up” again. So many fence-sitters. Many facts still unclear — less talk, more watch. Haven’t netizens learned their lesson?
This hurts me.
Oh mate! Happy days. haha. Yeah I totally thought you were starting a course of Radiotherapy haha. All good
I'm here again to say I love your art and it brings me joy when you post it on this sub bye!
Please. I can’t even with these comments.
OOOOOFFF, now that'd be a kick to the head
My pleasure ☺️ hope you enjoy! She seems very sweet.
I think you have a terrible opinion. Now that we agree on something though this could be the start of a beautiful friendship!
Nah, substance abuse is sad, period.
You can't see anything in Black Panther.
Yeah cuz they don't exist lol
I regret that I understand that reference :(
Unfortunately, successful and rich people blame foreigners too :(
Can someone make me a priority list of which things I should be outraged at + in which order? #outrage #racism #animalrights #abortion #cops #outrage #racism #animalrights #abortion #cops
Her booty so thicc it bends the space/time continuum
No. Arizona would be more useless than Italy. Let them win their own battles first before they help us fight ours.
Nahhh just as they came to me
Apparently, you'd want an Alberta with a censor on what we read. Bully for you.
> a mother in law unit Apropos of this and not the main thing.. lol! We call them granny flats in Aus :)
I don’t CARE!
As long as the ink isn’t on a contract, I don’t listen to any rumors. Waste of time
I am already using ublock. Thank you for suggesting ghostery, didn't know it.
Sounds pretty optimistic... I'll believe it when I see it!
Uhhh I can’t choose just one! But I would say it’s all between documentaries, music and my pets💕
Oh yeah.
2 2nd rounders but not a first or a future first. He’s not worth the risk
#Terencecutcher #Tulsa the man onthe helicopter said he looks like a bad dude, that is the problem, when they see black they see bad,  #terencecutcher #tulsa
Can we stop suggesting [NAME] as [NAME] it's not happening.
Summer Beaver, nice place.
Struggling to get the basics with a $1,000 phone. Y’all need a reality check
We welcome her with open arms.
@everycolorbot more like every color looks the same #triggered #colorblind  #triggered #colorblind
Places such as? Is [NAME] proposing we simply upgrade already existing barriers or build new barriers. And if the latter, where specifically?
#smile is the #respect we give everyone. #smile #respect
My best friend waited 5+ years for her boyfriend in prison to come out. Two days before coming out, he dumped her.
INTJ here, I agree with this ^^^ (Him)
Well fuck. Just glad to get the point outta that
2 is less user friendly but it can be fun. As long as you turn chat off. And hate yourself already.
I kind of want to try that now actually. With some chocolate added I think it could work.
I may have awful taste, i would want this cake
I would assume it's for OP, so her parents don't recognize his number.
Oooh, edgy!
For that tropical flavor
Is that listing not supposed to be a joke?
I really enjoyed Fractured But Whole, but I don't remember the meals being significant (it's been like a year). Can you explain?
Hi I'm not police where is your business and what is your full name thank you
All at once we play.
I thought it was beautiful, but I was pretty sure it was extensions since it was extraordinarily long.
Is that the cobbler in the background of the family portrait? This is great.
There is a huge hormone dump around 48-72 hours after birth. Totally normal. Take care of yourself, eat well, and get some rest.
says the insecure idiot who just had to dig through my comment history to try to get back at me. lol creep
I find that a normal chat in Chinese can sometimes have that effect too.
For my next magic trick; watch me turn this bottle of fireball into domestic abuse
I'd assume that the player is on the list as the king sense losing a king is losing the game, right?
THAT IS A $200 PLASMA SCREEN TV YOU JUST KILLED, i also loved the way he walked into the room all mad, lol
“So even if vaccination did cause autism...WHICH IT FUCKING DOESN’T!” Pure genius.
Wait that's a thing? Because that didn't happen when I was young, I don't think
Hallmark movies are the worst culprits.
This was such a pleasure to watch. I wish more episodes were like Brianne.
Can you adopt me? I’m after those bones
I'm surprised he hasn't already. He was charged on Dec. 31st but his name was only released yesterday.
At this point, I am completely convinced that you are either a bot, or an unconvincing alt account. Prove me wrong.
Would it be great if they instead swap around old-rich-guys blood
*♪… I'm here without you baby But you're still on my lonely mind. I think about you baby and I dream about you all the time. ♪*
I thought the nausea and headaches had passed but lol I feel awful today
It’s time for some moderator field work!
“Okay [NAME] you’re doing great I love you. Later can I have some pets”
Reject your humanity voluntarily and put the pure hatred, lack of moral, sociopathy and sadistic altitude inside of your soul with no way to turn back.
No,not a fan of cigarettes
you can't really see the shitty comments on youtube. On instagram it's much easier
Feelings got cheated when I mistook the sparkling ribena to be the normal ribena......
I have adhd whats so bad about it?
Nobody would be ecstatic to be on welfare.
Have to admit, a completed quest log would've been nice.
Feeling better now?
Glossing over [NAME] doesn't do justice to how crippled my team was after picking him
This is the single dumbest defense out there for aim assist. This shit is just retarded.
Lol didn't some character mention even the league of assassins was afraid of [NAME]?
All in all a pleasing night down The Lane .  .  .  On to the next round &amp; bring on Liverpool at Anfield! #COYS #coys
Oh look what you did! Now I have to go and get my cold cream gun.
30 for position players is a big deal. 30 for pitchers is the middle of their prime
Maybe I'm overly cautious, but when I was single I stayed away from people who worked with me.
How is that in 2016, a 757 airplane does not have WiFi...ridiculous.#AmericanAirlines #americanairlinessucks #AATeam #horrible #americanairlines #americanairlinessucks #aateam #horrible
It is good game, they are good generation!
I have the same issue. Except I'm a dude. Talking about my face. One likes me scruffy, the other baby smoothe
Your comment reminds me of that one satirical GTA V radio ad where the advertiser tries to encourage people to beat their kids. It's kinda funny.
There’s enough public shaming. I said let the drunk woman free!
Does [NAME] or [NAME] look happier that [NAME] chose to put his hand on [NAME] leg?
See that's what I figured, but at the same time academy is such a hindrance 😂
I have decided to put myself first and see what happens ... some day things will be amazing
I'm planning to see one, without my parents knowing though :/ I really hope it gets better. I can't seem to take it anymore.
No problemo bro an another thing idk if this will affect you but you can't get your gun license if you get ur card
what a noob smh
What? What's wrong with making G a charge charact.. Ooh, yeah Q, I forgot.
Thank you for the thoughtful advice. I was thinking of getting him a mic for his gaming habit, so your advice is timely.
This is the saddest thing I've seen today
The longer you look the worse it gets.
You kind of look like [NAME]. Very cute.
Happy Cake Day 5makes10fm! Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.
This would still happen if they didn't have kids lol Most people engage in conversation time from time, OP.
I'd love that
[NAME]... Nice
With ice time and his defensive liabilities taken into consideration, I'm still not too high on him
Same. I unfollowed the cast and the fan pages. I can’t anymore lol
Because they are triggered. I’m just stating my opinion. It’s a bit fun.
Most kids progress from dishy but I'm not sure about this one. Seems a bit slow and very very nasty when others offer advice
Ehhh but as a survivor I hate noed and hex ruin why would I run them against someone else
Namo Shakyamuni Buddha! Please bless my body to heal and my family with safety, health, and good fortune! 🙏🙏🙏
Its worth the risk
Yep, hell of a listener
You have friends that reddit? What a peculiar notion.
I laughed. Finally
Actually that's the wrong guy. The guy you're thinking of is in prison now facing life. This guy sucks just as bad though..
The internet never disappoints.
But it's still raping infantry. The case rounds OHK infantry up close. It's just horrendously weak against planes now...
i mean, never listened to zepellin much, not even acdc, i didnt know acdc suck
She's reading Canada's extradition act but not Canada's extradition treaty with the USA. I've had this argument before, it's pointless.
Hopefully you saved that letter!
good job with being proactive with mental health.
There are tons of shows with this theme. I only watched The Message before — this time I only tuned in because he’s starring; otherwise wouldn’t bother.
We created these beasts unfortunately. I don't feel right blaming the [NAME] for this one.
Whatever was stuffing up my head yesterday moved into my chest.
I miss [NAME]
The subreddit has 6 subscribers but 20 online?
🏆 #Success is the best #revenge. Whatever you're thinking about doing ... do something better. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ #success #revenge
I like [NAME] soo much! he’s such a sweet and honest person, and his voice is amazing
I like how his actual clone comes running up to him to congratulate him on that recovery
Very fake news.
I know, I know, but CAN YOU BLAME ME FOR BEING NERVOUS
Learned my lesson
They don't fear death, and it seems they believe in reincarnation.
I scored 9 points... I totally love it that everybody is sweating ;D
It’s starting to sound like this season of The Bachelor.
My friends, coworkers, and their families are all positive. Social security said no need to report, so no one did — these stats are laughable. You’re falsifying data.
You're mistaking a poor character for MC.
I was going to suggest that it was likely a 96 or something. I could see how a 96 Dom would be $500 depending on the circumstances.
What is the least confusing racism to you
Cool. Good luck!
I just learned this with your comment. Came to ask who granted [NAME] legistaice powers
I’d say every of those subreddits are freaking out but it’s basically the same people lol
Walking through the toilet aisle I decide to let a fart out and make the aisle smell.
(slow claps) Well played!
I like simplicity of the Jersey, but the logo stinks.
Shouldn’t really expect him to be doing well.. he’s a 3rd stringer playing 6man minutes
You’re going to love it. Wake up refreshed and ready
You seem to have only participated in this thread to insult me. what a shocker!
My eyes were glassed over.
Mmmm, I sure do love some Vaseline on a hot piece of toast in the morning.
How am I arguing? I thought it was pretty clear I'm asking how something works in what I presume is a different county.
I freakin love this channel
I'm not advocating eating the pain away, but bring apples just in case.
Oh boy is this gonna be the new thing? Cause I like it.
My sentiments.
What a bizarre way to normalize the psychological path to becoming a violent criminal.
Fourteen years ago today was my lunar birthday. I’ve never celebrated it again since. Seeing these scenes now still brings tears to my eyes. Bless Wenchuan!
Those turkey legs look delicious
Stocks have less market friction...there is also more chaos due to the amount of individuals vying to make money there, compared to here.
Ironic. He could save others from secrecy-enabled corruption, but not himself.
All the signs, except his username, seemed legit. I also clicked. Now I just want to forget all about what I've just seen...
Sometimes to do what's right we must give up the thing we want the most... even our dreams.
Poetic and also true.
Here, here. Cheers to starting fresh!
It's amazing how people will tell you not to go for something, but then are the same ones who can't go 2 minutes without it.
@lauramuiruns @Diamond_League Loved cheering you on with my kids!!!! X
Since she ate other food I would guess it is a way of getting around a digestive disorder or carbs.
@S_Moore24 wow that sounds terrific
Stupid theory!
Misleading title, his administration cut all programs using fetal tissue, not HIV stuff specifically. Still sucks though.
Forgot to plug the phone in overnight #nightmare #nightmare
Huzzah!!
I screened my own snap what kind of narcissistic ass would smh
The day was hot and still; the air lay close against my face.
Really? Down voted for thinking picking up the phone in the middle of sex is crappy?
I need to hear more stories like this. I've only heard horror stories of the pain with the surgery as an adult.
Happy Birthday Roy Buchanan, born on this day in 1939. #roybuchanan #guitar #blues #happybrithday #roybuchanan #guitar #blues #happybrithday
When they got back I was slumped on the couch with my back to the door, playing on a laptop.
Even if they did that I think their criteria would probably be reserved for the most extreme cases.
I meant more that he was poor on the ball today
A delight to be at the Lane tonight and witness the debuts of some young talent that could be the backbone of our club!! #COYS #coys
"LOOK AT ME!!"
[NAME] runs a zone coverage base. [NAME] is much better in zone than [NAME] or [NAME]. However, the other 2 are better in isolation.
He got caught stealing luggage and got arrested for a felony. That’s the general story. What kinda emotion could I add?
Oops, forgot to translate from UK lingo
I wouldn't be surprised if the Cheetos dust was coming out of his sweat.
So clamshell and do massage and x-clamp? Right sided injuries are not a contraindication to resuscitative thoracotomy.
its so unfortunate that after all these years im still struggling with depression smh
Their hands must've been sweaty.
Dudes really out there looking like he glued pubes to his face
They could just lie! And then only musicians who look at it and can do reasonable sightreading would know they're lying.
I’m uncomfortable just looking at her.
Coulter's law is about as useless here as the woman it's named after.
[NAME] seems to have a sloppy stride
Transform your hardship(s) into a burning #desire to succeed. Never #fear #failure, without it there would be no #success. $SPX #FinTech #desire #fear #failure #success #fintech
That "Hard work" usually involved the junkrat pressing Q so I'm not about to shed tears
Get through Hartford by 7 AM or you're going to assume you've died and gone to hell.
@SquidWasTaken Pfft- Yeye, i'm a sucker for bright yellow, red, pink, and blues when it comes to coloring or backgrounds haaa
The ecosystem is meant to break thru the wall of #apprehension. It's easy to follow a fave music star &amp; watch their goings on–but #dentists? #apprehension #dentists
That's a pretty cool way to die.
WAIT IS THIS FUCKING LOSS!?!
Without a sensible thought in my head, I got out of the car.
Is it because of the accents you thought they were the same?
I'm going to try and have this mindset ... I wanna eat slower
Time to cut him off. Or find a way to get him good help. Cause he sounds a little dangerous.
Running with a gun and a sensor dart out makes me feel so cool.
I should call him up so we can talk about our mutual problems.
You’re a life saver, wish you a blessed new year
I do: PUT SOME CLOTHES ON
[NAME] saw it during the football game and was super impressed!
i think he did. of course i’m not sure since it didn’t happen to me but to a close friend
SOLD OUT!!!! Next batch in 3 days!!!!
Sorry, I’m out of the loop- are they on this season as well? I forgot about them
That’s terrifying
Go to rehab
Until you tell someone and they’re like “Whoa [NAME] that’s a lot.”
Omg 😱 I’m in 🤞🏻 what are the reward tiers?🤑👊🏻#bossbabe #bossbabe
Oh, apologies. Silly me didn’t think to check the sub first.
I feel the same way. I wasn't depressed when we lost.
Enjoy your gold!
After listening to the lecture, I’ve concluded that there’s no way this kid isn’t a redditor
I love this. I started to play PK again and I would love this
I never considered until this thread that tone of voice is something that people find attractive? that seems so alien and bizarre to me.
Similarly, the Library of Congress is open and is absolutely beautiful. It's free and I highly recommend it even when the Smithsonian's aren't closed.
Na. Rediting my post. Sorry for the ignorance.
a realization of the fact that you're not good enough and you have to work a lot harder and develop your taste?
[NAME] man, how have you not suffocated with your head so far up your ass?
wasn't aware of that sub, and wow ... that's one crazy racist cesspool!
god damn this is some major league pathos
Icing on a cake of sadness.
She seems like such a happy kid too!
That's cool! That's definitely one way to look at itl
I don't see how this is relevant to this subreddit? Perhaps try your local political subreddit.
Ha! Had to go back and look. Pens.... I was seriously wondering wtf this was, a giant penis-shaped gummy bear?!
What a gift!
Still very curious who this woman is and what she looks like
noob spam haha
Damn. Didn't know [NAME] was still making videos.
Has he?
Wow, just wow. Thats a catagory 5 non sequitur.
Ah yes, consent is when they awkwardly laugh off an unsolicited sexual encounter!
YES!!!! I will never understand why some post rants complaining that they cant make $$ off another persons hard work.
I’m dreading when it happens during our games for the title
Fuck you I was in the bed:/
i love this i am big fun of cross over and Lore Skin
“If something doesn’t affect me, it’s not important”
Thank god the league doesn't force teams to trade or transfer it's player.
We noped out of there pretty fast.
That’s awesome, congrats!
this 'bug' has caused me countless death... i always used rifle primarily and switched to shotgun after rifle shot
Sorry to hear that, brother. Why do you feel more lonely now compared to usual?
This is my favorite picture in this sub
I was brought by to reality when noona hit my arm lightly.
Played every day — parents said finish homework first, then play. No phones, no computers, just pure happiness.
So true, thank you for posting this.
The only thing that stops a bad toddlers with a gun is a good toddler with a gun.
[NAME] bless you, massive truck driver. Stay safe.
It bothers me that he doesn’t respond to your texts. That’s weird
Well I'll be darned.
Nothing will, no, but it gives /r/conservative ammo against a sub like this.
I'd like to add spontaneously experiencing unending self-loathing because you suddenly remembered that embarrassing thing you did 3 years ago.
You sell them your lifetime, don't just give it to them for free
Awesome, great to see people coming together for peer to peer cash!
I think he's showing the scissor cutting himself in half to illustrate the type of discourse it produces when it cuts populations in half
Is that you [NAME]?
Aaaay [NAME] unite against the magical sky fairy!
This, be yourself she likes you for who you are.
I'm not white.
“It’s simple—I just need you by my side, never leaving. Forgive my youthful recklessness, I’ve grown endlessly attached to you.”
Well gee, you keep electing the people who do it, so what are you complaining about?
It could indeed apply to many gods from many different creations myths...which is his point. Everyone knows!
You really need to understand that he works for [NAME] in dismantling the US
Or maybe it was because the government can't collect the tax on it
[NAME] are as anti-men as democrats. Forcing your kids to be masculine because they're boys is as bad as brainwashing them with feminist crap.
Paula Weed is the best troll ever.
I had no idea but seeing this things make so much more sense...
Block me,report me, do what you gotta do, you don't own reddit.
Don't join @BTCare they put the phone down on you, talk over you and are rude. Taking money out of my acc willynilly!
It was through a dream that she learned that his last living thoughts were of her.
I had a dream one night of a golden-haired child.
I feel [NAME] and [NAME] got off the boat but that's just my opinion though.
My feet started taking a heavy beating and the sun was burning my whole body.
I don't feel so financially secure
i am retarded
I feel bad for house slaves, even if it's in their understandable self-interest.
I suspect that, this is going to be the least infuriating DIY aspect of this house.
We didn't win in Alvalade even when they got 7th place. We just have some sort of block there
You're creepy
Men are disadvantaged literally everywhere.
Just out of curiosity are you in the military?
Grow up mate
He’s still alive so far. [NAME] is going to check on him.
Sorry man. Didn't realize I was talking to a Russian spam bot. Please give my best to [NAME].
Seems like it’s very hard for her to laugh... I think it may physically hurt her face.
*Busy hands bring clean minds.* Keep busy, time will pass, and you will have less anxiety about being alone.
That’s because it’s stupid and nobody wants it!
Ah well the Devs change the cle all the time and this was knowledge from before new year. I forgot they changed it a while ago again.
he kept talking, but i couldn't hear anything but my heart exploding inside my chest, the grand finale.
I'm two weeks in, hope your right, I'm loving the game right now
wh is that undertale
Yeah fuck this shit, the dude isn't even doing anything noteworthy, it's just a man doing his job.
Love futurama.
Tell me how I'm supposed to feel. #broken #hateful #guilty #love #sadness #broken #hateful #guilty #love #sadness
I could have gone to a party, but it's 10 outside. Sue me.
@AuntieSupreme @KimberlyCarole y'all found me to express yalls displeasure. 😉
lol @ the dude lying down in the hut at 2:12
Is it my turn to point out he's clearly at school? I haven't checked the rota for this post this week.
Inkling main: I like being cheap. It makes me happy.
We need more vowelled insults so you can spell an Acronym with them
Thank you! When I have more, I'll post it.
"You may die, but it's a sacrifice I'm willing to make"
How can a picture hurt?
A person can make mistakes. Doesn't make her a bad lawyer. Her career history speaks for itself.
Can you imagine being taken to court over a flushing loo? I can’t believe the courts are even entertaining this.
That does suck. I’m sorry. Having recently been ghosted by someone who I thought was a very close friend, it’s a terrible feeling
I'm always paranoid of people following me when I am driving home. I would have pooed my pants yikes.
I dont watch battle rap. Do these guys come up with these on the spot, because that's amazing.
I don't know, but there's probably a word for it in German.
It was last year when I turned 18th.
Welcome to the family! Don't let toxic fans, especially Twitter, get the best of you. Let's go canes!
You have my good wishes and words of encouragement! There is so much wisdom in “one day at a time.”
I see the cycles.
Eh, 3. I don't know why. I told him this but he's afraid his life is ruined.
YES to all of this!
That’s a rad gift.... I cried when he came back from cancer. He was my hero
Wow this was an eye-opening response, and you’re right it helped us learn more, be compassionate and focus on a better well-being.
Lol that sucks. It's 80.9 in Vegreville, 84.4 at a Costco, or pretty much between 85-89 cents everywhere in Edmonton and area.
Oh baby a triple!
I think that making someone an approved submitter might get around that. Not 100% sure though.
This 100%. [NAME] was a great enforcer, but him scoring a hat trick with the Thrashers was just crazy.
That’s amazing! I’m so happy for him!
She reminds me if [NAME]. Half haked pictures with vague sayings. Ugh
Pins are given out? My store hordes that shit like there’s a coming apocalypse and pins are the only thing that will save them.
#CHECK THAT TRIPLE #check
Nice work!
And judging from *this* comment, I think you should know you sound like a troll.
I just want to shake her by her shoulders and be like "*Why are you like this?!*"
No. Not the I. :(
He already has a baby with his girlfriend who’s gorgeous
Every point you make is proven wrong lol. Just stop.
Or you just don't understand what fascism is, the role it plays, and the material conditions that bring it about.
Good luck buddy!
I think you responded to the wrong comment.
> Because I was a disgracefully gullible, immensely stupid fucking dipshit ~~was~~ *am* FTFY
Disconcerting how much I see this guy’s trash propaganda on my reddit feed
Keep voting against your own interests. #maga! #maga
Haha good theory but not the case. I'm completely aware of when I'm intoxicated or not.
ho boy are you in for a surprise
What are the Four Agreements?
Idk I’d kind of like [NAME] to come up next year. [NAME] still scares me a little. Not saying I don’t like the guy
@JadeOdette_ Because one of them has to be wrong :) we just want to believe it's H&amp;M haha 🙃
Who da fuck wears swim trunks to a competition
Cute. I hope it makes you feel empowered.
It is a long panel but very insightful - skip the intro pleasantries if you want, but you will have seen enough by the 30 minute mark
Thanks so much! I'll let you know how it goes when I get a chance to try it :)
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** rebel_alliance05! ^(hug)
Like the [NAME] twins, I guess.
I’m battling depression and anxiety and having a healthy diet and loosing weight has helped me
Yea having children will always solve the problem
wouldnt like most of the pokemon fanbase be adults now tho
@BluesfestByron second artist announcement looking good #bluesfest2017 #blues #Music #byronbay #bluesfest2017 #blues #music #byronbay
But balance does not include the dark side
Well, ok then nevermind. I'm surrounded by people I mostly disagree with, but I honestly don't know anyone that I would call outright evil.
Seeing something as beautiful as this just made my day today! Thanks for sharing :)
I get migraines too and I’m sooo tired the first two days of my period
I'm just thinking our government sucks at Civilizations. Should have invaded them decades ago. Lots of water and farm land to use.
Fair enough. I typically focus more on the lower bound because I hate when people use "millennials" as a synonym for "youths."
After reading the post, I sense real cultural depth. An actor like this will shine once given a chance — looking forward to it!
Go support them then.
That’s not how totaling works.
Bloom wherever you’re planted. Don’t let sadness make you forget to shine. Good morning~
Because she knows shame and he asked.
I have visions of someone being at a [10] blasted out of their skull and actually doing this.
Sure, but no reason to assume that person has only ever heard "polyam" and not "poly" and would use one over the other.
It’s not satisfying at all. If this wasn’t [NAME] it wouldn’t be popular. Interesting timing considering the [NAME] debacle too.
@doubtcaspar babe :(( remember I'm ALWAYS here if u need a little cheering up or talk, ily lots💘
"altcoin propaganda scammer", interesting reason for your ban -- I suppose LN could be considered an altcoin.
The Mets fans in me gets excited for [NAME] when I hear [NAME] theme.
I'm very much like that, here's my face lol You're either interested or you're not
Waze is owned by google, so I'm not sure what you mean by that. Unless you just mean they are both sharing the same routing algorithm.
ugh. I love guild wars 2 but it has the weirdest god damn community and management dynamic of any mmo.
1. How was the video fabricated? 2. Even if it was, how would this invalidate my statement?
I wish [NAME] made the levels up to 100.
visit your school's career center and speak to a career counselor. he/she can help you with referrals. good luck!
@EE your website is making me feel violent rage and your upgrade options aren't helping either. #Aaaaarrrrgghhh #iwanttocancel  #aaaaarrrrgghhh #iwanttocancel
I will take 10 more years of overpowered Tracer before I enjoy having Brig as a counter
She’s still living rent free inside your head if you’re looking her up Edit: thanks for the gold kind redditor tehehehehehehe 🤪🤩🤠
This is worse, Balo looks like a horse
Quick... there's a boot somewhere that you haven't licked today yet!
Condolences to the  JC and the Georges family.. #sad #sad
You might have better luck
It was white, just had some black beads on the bodice. Thanks, that was really interesting!
Maybe you need some time get loss of that thought. Try to ignore it and just enjoy your luck.
Such a nice photo of city hall.
That's a really interesting article. Has effectively nothing to do with myth making though.
An ex-friend of mine proclaimed than anyone who speaks of being raped is a horrible, unethical human being.
Of course, us first borns gotta stick together. ❤️
I get embarrassed at the slightest things and then I'll fret about it all day I hate it
I think he means he had an "a ha" moment.
This must have been totally horrifying for you. I'm glad to hear you found peace in the second birth.
I knew I'd see him here eventually. I really like his animations. They're cute and funny
Submissive? "she’s a [NAME] so literally it’s like a brand new car [NAME] has blessed me with." You're disgusting.
@msfang they say you attract what you see, maybe I shouldn't be a pessimist but I don't wanna take any chances lol can't wait to relocate
@steph_baker7 i tried to turn off my alarm this morning and it turned on all my alarms instead
You have no perspective. Go outside and get some friends.
Ooof girl...I thought this was satire at first it was so cringe.
I believe you copied and paste from somewhere or previous answer. We are definitely not talking about the same thing. Hope you get better man. Cheers.
Pure gold!
If you want to play with people, use the call of duty discord as they have a lfg for zombies, and it is pretty active.
Worse, he murdered King [NAME] in the most cowardly way possible. Both in the books and the show.
it is weird, looks like you have awesome internet
every time you see the snake edge and still get hit even though you *swear* you were holding downback
Mate none of these are accurate. I only read these articles as an excuse to get mad at something
Same pigs who bombed a mosque full of kids learning Quran. In Shaa'Allah those terrorists will burn in hell
...what? You're far more concerned with the o line than signing [NAME].
[NAME] I loved [NAME].
Oh. You’re one of.... ^*those.*
my favorite moment in the history of the show is when he thrashed that woman.
David's #anxiety is going to send him home. As someone who also suffers, learning to look normal is an essential coping skill. #survivor #anxiety #survivor
Didn't find it believable even from the start
I like your sleeves... they’re real big
Look at this #massiah of #youngleader\n#Pakistan #massiah of #terrorism #massiah #youngleader #massiah #terrorism
Exactly what i was thinking!
You're attractive. I would shag you. Worcester isn't too far from Derbyshire haha
Another seventeen were sent to the hospital.
RM will win the game at the last minutes and Madridistas will say Cules stayed this long watching RM win at the end. Disgusting fanbase
[NAME], this isn't a guy who built the railroads here.
Damn, you could make money out of this. Come people I'm Intj, i'll tell you if your ex still loves you.
Not with that attitude we won't. There are some developments that may change your attitude in the very near future.
Ah yes, Plastique Tiaras drag race, thank you so much izzy....noriega <— That explains alot!
I was hoping they’d put people behind him and let [NAME] pass to them super hard
Yea sounds like a great way to teach your children that stalking and harrassing = love. Husband only hits you bc he loves you!
My point was they had no choice but to pull social levers to try and improve health, as they didn't have anything else at their disposal.
My wife's birthday today, we are going for dinner with my lovely girlfriend later, after meeting at ours for coffee and cake. Very happy
i think you could say the chat about smelling their own farts was also added for comedic effect
@JedRivett @CharlesCassidy_  Jus see if you ever do anything you pussy , u don't scare me look who u chill with 😂😂😂
Don't #worry if you're not the best , if you are doing something you #love , you're heading in right direction ... #worry #love
Sexy Unique Podcast (SUP) for all your VPR needs!
..... That would seem like the ultimate way to get rejected and never spoken to again.
Hipsters love tapes tho.
I would stay away from buying from msL. Just remember that [NAME] looks like [NAME] on there. Trying to make a change :-/
We should urge him to run, put our Sorosbux to some good use.
@Trump_Videos she looks completely #rabid @realDonaldTrump #rabid
my fiancé enjoys all the aspie things I do and thinks they're cute. I don't understand why, but I appreciate it nonetheless.
Yay, another second tier free agent over 30. Thank God we're making a market for these players. Go Mets!
I thought you only get to be a wizard after you're 30yo and still virgin
Happy cocaine on a plate day!
Man fuck, I didn't come here for these feels...
Point is to hold you to some standard of evidence Eggy - this is self-pitying tosh.
Hi I'm an order of magnitude more awkward than you and I'm coming.
I cannot answer this question without asking you to read a specific book.
[NAME] uh...gave me a wake up call. Thank you
She looks pretty big to me. I doubt she’s within a healthy weight range.
I guess 14 years of customer service experience is good for something after all.
Sending hugs and good vibes ❤️
This night is sparkling, don't you let it go! I'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home..' #ValerieBot #valeriebot
He was replying to boiledchickenleg down below by the looks of it.
Play a [NAME] lol that’s sound like a play style that fits your criteria.
At least he had some good cushioning.
I like it but it’s my least favorite [NAME] solo album because I like his other albums more
[NAME] looked just as bad as [NAME].
Thank you bot.
I have a book that outlines why [NAME] reject [NAME] on the grounds of prophesies. Maybe you could work off of those?
just test to turn up your bitrate and tell me if it changed or not, would be interesting
Yikes!! This rebuild year isn't fun
@ArcadianLuthier -- taking out his feelings on Kei unfairly. His lips form a frown as he tries to walk away.
I agree. I could tell she was really upset.
Your title is unnecessarily harsh towards the user. Re-submit with a better title.
Huh.. Well that ruins it :/ At least the cats fine
There is still time.... though I dont expect anything to change as Activision dont care about the community hell neither do Treyfail
wow almost all the T-Mobile stores in San Diego are out of Note7 replacements #sadness I need to get mine replaced #sadness
A penny hit me square in the face.
Next time something like this happens tell them it's illegal to pet a working service dog and they could be sent to jail for it
If that's the best you got for being against libertarians then you basically have no serous reason.
A sharp stinging stripe across the backs of my legs.
I'd not help you either. Not giving that dude a 4k. Although, I'd be looking for hatch instead of nothing.
I am just a guy who went to a normal school and I understood every single word
I never said anything about a crowded city. Immigration is not causing rural (or even suburban) areas to turn into crowded cities.
Ok ill get right on that. I have all day to hunt. Thanks for the quick reply.
Well I hope it works out lol. We really need help in that department
@SeveChambers i'm elated, thank you for your help! can i apply to be verified?
i hate u...
Also thanks to 4chan
The “bottom line” marks the threshold of change — cross it and things turn worse. Wuxi’s judiciary crossed it, causing wrongful-trial tragedy.
that was clearly only one pump, bad call
Lol yeah. It’s cute that he said it but didn’t realise it could have a double meaning.
I never heard much detailed discussion at church, mostly general references to them.
i just wanted to thank you. it took long to find a place where i can voice my thoughts
I only remember her getting flamed by Thooorin yikes
first of all calm down. second
[NAME] looks like original [NAME] and [NAME] had a love child together or like ran at each other and morphed into one being...
I’m glad you’re safe now and nothing bad happened!
Now everyone is going to know that you didn't waste your time scrolling through tumblr looking for funny blogs to screenshot!
I’m positive he’s going to leave her
I try to switch it up, too; probably the main reason for the post. Gets boring sometimes!
How so. What is the basis for your feeling of universal entitlement?
I Play on ps4 so thats a Little uncomfortable but thanks
Who are these outraged [NAME] women?!
Worse than selling your soule
I think that’s beautiful, and it looks so easy for whoever has to clean it, no fiddly bits.
Contractions is equivalent....body can only deal with...us women with labor.....I don’t like the way this person speaks.
Thank you for saying that I just haven’t felt right and I’m so sad constantly
Are you implying that pundits rightly criticising shite refereeing is responsible for folk threatening [NAME]?
Personally, I thank the half hour that wake up thread existed for this W
The miracle of life!
I dont need Antidepressants, i need good friends
They need more with more items because I've never been able to get same day.
The phrase I used was "perceived as weak" and that context was by bullies. You must be delighted you are not in that set.
Arm sleeve DSJ🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
You miss the sidewalk wing massacres as well I'd bet
(#1)Just love him/her (#2) Be forgiving #1 #2
Hopefully you're ok now & doing some good stuff
I just need [NAME] to retire already so I can stop hating on him and appreciate all he's done... Even if it has caused me great suffering.
Neither does she because her lips are too large to talk
He didn’t do anything wrong, he made sure all three kids got a puck.
"[NAME], meet [NAME]" love that show
Money can’t buy happiness, but it can make getting there a hell of a lot easier.
I personally believe [NAME] is asexual, other characters in simillar situations all get hints toward homosexuality but I can't remember any for [NAME].
It’s always weird when you spot someone you know on here 😂
It looks like a very light blue to me.
She knows her audience 🤷‍♀️
I'm not lol I haven't touched ranked yet Edit: I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or what but I'm not
love ya bro, i just love how positive you are!
My life has been destroyed
Yeah, the only issue with the scene is how long the dance scene goes.
You got me on that one - I did just check and you're right, we didn't actually talk about that particular subject matter. My bad.
I'm surprised everyone seems to think there will be a season 2.
Oh wow this is big. Thanks for the heads up. Indeed! So many great memories that I still like to reflect back on. Thanks!
ima kitchen sink
He kept talking about Israel, its security, and how Arab nations are slowly welcoming them. How times have changed...
Great show honestly
Oh no! More non-existent performance issues to complain about!! Can't wait to be playing it while all these self-righteous gamers take their noble stands...
I guess. I'm going to try getting in better shape, and just socialize more.
As a high libido female, I feel the same with posts from males. It's slightly relieving to know someone else struggles the same way.
Wow. Some people are so stupid. But if it was me I would have opened the door and at least put it inside the doorway.
I think it says lanef instead of loner
Ah this is awesome! I would love even just a couple of these.
@devenmiddleton i'm totally loving it, it just makes me sad when people feel super awful cuz they aren't abroad like life is still goin
Women always seem to write that though, plus emotipns and emojis. When a man writes likr that it comes off odd ajd feminine in a bad way.
Omg. I hope she is ok! Poor [NAME].
And im not even going to get into how its discriminatory to several religions which mandate its followers to let their hair dread.
Isn't that the point though? That's it's up to the people that aren't scientist to decide if the science has any meaning?
At what point in your life did you realize you weren’t into it? (I’m also not into it)
This game and it’s updates can be very frustrating sometimes. We already discuss the issues to death but meme Monday has been oddly therapeutic
??? Technically the peso is always in devaluation, also it's not worst right now than before.
I mean I've never seen, even on this show, people grab so many cookies and chips with such excitement.
Many Stores are doing away with the "fine" jewelry - but we make a ton of money on the costume jewelry - the mark up is ridiculous!
another one of those chicks sacrificing her children for a man and 'happiness'
What is his endgame? People are talking about him but this just makes him look bad.
Him staying seems more realistic. I just hope we can land him.
Thank you Dad, very cool!
I have an issue metabolizing medications fast. I'll wake up during surgeries so they give me a lot of drugs.
I like how she dabs on the way down.
yeah, [NAME] is who i was talking about :( love her but soon as she starts talking about baby stuff, i'm out
After watching TLJ, I find it impossible to watch TFA. It's a sequel to some film, but that film is not TFA.
Sorry to hear about that! Are you just under observation? Any anti-clotting drugs they're pushing?
Keep practicing until you get real confident
F*** it. I’ve totally given up mentally — take whatever comes, can’t do much else. Maybe staying optimistic is the only way left?
I love it when they show tons of interest. Love it.
Thank you. If im not authorized to pickup from daycare tomorrow ill get my daughter friday with this court order and the police if necessary.
This is the worst I've ever seen. It really is
You can talk to me. It'll be good having someone nice around.
BREAKING NEWS: The new girl had to shred/chip a 6lb entire chub of Kentucky Gold ham today. Poor girl's arm ached the rest of the day.
My unresolved regret is finally eased 🎉🎉🎉 The best Bai Yang in the world ☁️ Keep it up!
Do people really have that big of a problem with border security? Lol fuckin children
a must win game if we have any ambitions for 8th seed, even with [NAME]. any news on him & jsimms?
I am. I do! You're welcome.
@Theresa_Talbot @fleurrbie Haha...sorry about the dreadful puns... I need to get out more....I've been cooped up lately...
the carl g is older than the M72 tho
Wait, what. Are you okay son? I'm here to talk.
What a respectable women.
That’s true, thank you
[NAME] at least seems to have gotten her life together... (I mean I hope the same happens for [NAME], but)
She looks late 30s. She’s gorgeous.
Well at least we got to see Detroit miss an open goal...
And this is why I still visit this sub...the rabbit hole goes deeper than I could have ever imagined.
Not sure which area you visited but the water is still super clear near the cliffs.
Nets and Yankees for New York teams. I don't follow Hockey. New York football when I became a football fan was so terrible I couldn't handle it.
I’m rather surprised that these books are STILL being made. Like I thought they died off around 2014.
Now that is a special kind of stupid.
Don't worry, no one agrees with [NAME]! I bet you're doing an amazing job.
Had to pause for a sec to properly cringe when [NAME] says why he got sent to the school. Whyyyyy would you *announce* that oh my [NAME]
Think I'm gonna get a chance radio, so I can talk to other car beds.
@BBTooms This is perfect example of why what paul said about her, was right.  One of the most ignorant competitors ive seen. #bully #c$%t #bully #c
Fine, you're right, they should just have a random fascist activist.
I remember being so excited when we got AAA back, even though it cost us Fournier...man, that sure went south. #ThanksShaw #thanksshaw
Thank you for fading
@davidpreece12 @FitbaHacks Great defender, terrible positioning. Didn't know where he should be without Russel shouting at him for 90 mins
TD: "You cant just call everyone you dislike a nazi!" Also TD:
Has he done this with other world leaders, too? Or only [NAME]?
Interesting to see the bulk of people in that thread are pretty anti-[RELIGION].
@CorbettBarr @pjrvs @brianclark true. Just me spitting venom because I'm still bitter with Stripe. Like an old man yelling from his porch.
Resisting not being under arrest? What?
Unexpected Hail corporate.
This one is hitting people that knew him hard. He was such a happy guy all the time. Hopefully they catch the bastard soon.
Love when [NAME] goes for those big hits
I think I know why [NAME] put you on this earth. Go on now you have a job to do.
Agreed. 52k isn’t a high paying job, it’s average. He probably is just irresponsible with his money.
@AllyiahsFace You're page is full of make up. It's a valid question. But you probably prefer to be smashed and dashed
At least we aren’t getting blown out. And Vegas is hot right now
I like how the Red Tie Legion chose a picture where he’s tieless for their shitty-ass meme.
I was sweating and panicked.
What kind of dove is he? He is soooo pretty!!
Also it seems like there is some possibility of the pole going backwards lol
80 minutes too late
Yeah — my first kid did early education for months; second one, I skipped it entirely. Totally pointless.
Some additional background the robo-voice on that video is horrible.
That's the perfect intro for a panic ult.
We should stop there... the inception will sink the titanic.
I would say there is a very good chance he did not buy these drugs at a pharmacy.
> it will not make her look like an idiot It would be hard to make her look any more like an idiot than she already does.
Now that's a frozen dessert I haven't eaten in a long time.. a long time.
[NAME] would be really pissed off to lose c3po and r2 to the fucking destroy ending
Lol I’m just fucking around I can wait
Would parking still be free on the weekends?
Pleasure!:)
[NAME], [NAME] is the most underrated [NAME]. I love that guy.
luckily i do not have mixxed cycles myself... rapid cycling, sure, not mixed episodes though. sending hope your way!!
He's intimidated by my work ethic I think he knows I want his spot 🤔😉😂😂
Keep working at it with your partner. I hope it all works out for you.
Disgusting amount of oil.
will brawndo cure my depression? @MikeJudge #Idiocracytoday #idiocracytoday
What if a dealer decided to quit the business cold turkey and threw down his bag and left?
I'm hoping it's more statistical noise at this point still, but it's definitely worrying.
Can you show an example, or is this more of that imagined victim hood we constantly see from the party who wants less brown people around?
Shockingly, some people continue to educate and improve themselves. You might benefit from it.
As a song from my favorite anime of all time goes: "Make the impossible possible"
Your comment is kinda wasted. He can't read.
boys are so awful but also so amazing.... right?
Didn't you get the PM? Post to /r/CatsWithJobs instead. Edit: It's already been posted there actually.
He doesn’t, he’s terrified, cries and hugs you. Basically one of the scariest scenes in TWD.
> Humans are empathetic and do this daily. I have to remind myself of this sometimes.
[NAME], the "launch more satellites or threaten to sue [NAME]" one made me lose it.
Was literally just on rags subreddit. Even they knew our first shot would be a goal.
Well you’re right it doesn’t but she won’t make you that worried
Because Rian is a hack...and TLJ sucks. That's my default response that seems to be the correct answer most often. lol
Yeah, the golden nugget is "Get over yourself and let him back in, he made a (small) mistake"
My vote... snow will mainly be in the mountains. Good thing to help with the summer drought.
Several times in the last couple weeks I've had to scratch my head cleverly for a few minutes trying to figure out how to get into my office.
Lmao what's the difference neither one is refrigerated. People are fucking stupid
Yaaaaah haha objectively they're not GREAT movies 😅
It's great having both [NAME] and [NAME]
1. Do you think Gao Qiqiang made him deputy chief for himself or for Meng Dehai? With that background, no one dares touch him. 2. He knew about the profit transfers long ago, yet didn’t stop them.
[NAME]. I'd like to think he went back in thinking you were still inside.
We oppose unreasonable controls — endless, inaccurate tests and arbitrary lockdowns. No one’s denying the virus exists.
It felt so unreal...
[NAME], that uniform. At least the Nazi [NAME] had decent fashion sense. This is a crime against fashion
Plot twist, she's accepted [NAME] as her Lord and Savior.
Stedying not cool job... we will pley and swegsters i am a vary gud bad boy
hm so overall was this video a + or a -? I'm trying to figure out whether or not to publish it lol
@megalvz literally was gloomy for an hour
The black panther is here!.
Yes, it’s so hurtful. Workers toil all year away from home — how can you call going home “malicious return”? That’s too much.
That all-star who won the calder
She had a reality show that actually showed her in the act doing horrible stuff
Its like the other 3 teams are moving the [NAME] cube until it matches and they can be affective against the Patriots. Still not quite there
Op give us a damn tldw
Might go on @RadioX tomorrow to hopefully win a new car. My current one stinks of gone off milk. #grim #grim
The reason is because you don't have control of your lungs yet (your body is on sleep-mode autopilot) so this paralysis is incorporated into the hallucination.
Hey, me too. Good luck tomorrow
He looks like [NAME] long lost cousin
Happy cake day man!!!
It was weird, but there were usually just 5/6 players at each scene at most, and the rest would be usually doing other stuff.
did you ever play starcraft on N64? it was like pulling your own teeth with an N64 controller
[NAME] expunged my paraphernalia without consent and I called the **LAW TIGERS** to sue him for damages.
Meat makes it taste horrible. Hydrating is also important.
its funny because they dont even do anything at the look out tower but stargaze
And the apartment is clean! You can see the floor!
Stupid people piss me off...busted my ass...and my coworker takes off with all the tips...thnx for nothing  #thatsmyluck #thatsmyluck
i am shocked... SHOCKED I TELL YOU!
Da’ts a beauty. Got sniped at auction with seconds left to lose [NAME] from this summer.
Maybe [NAME].
I know and I really genuinely wish there was something I could do or say to help you take this pain away and to help you feel better.
I feel there will be a direct correlation between using expeditious retreat to charge, and the amount you fall to 0.
Hi, this is ISIS. Yes, we did that.
Good. Now we just need people to dislike commies more than they do now
Work like always, but grind that ironman on osrs in the meantime
As someone who loves to play [NAME], FML.
Fixed That For You
I tried to write a cheque for a fare when I was a teenager. That did not go down well.
Nice. Me too. I'm 2002. You?
no one is going to allow no deal. Anyone who thinks otherwise is deluded.
Honestly i'm fine with any picture as long as it contains at least one dog
You're trying too hard
That ending made me so fucking happy. Fuck that guy. Congrats to you.
This maybe a new start but it will always be align with the end. #start #forward #start #forward
*police proceed to slide down hill* *I quickly jump in police cruiser, as friend holds bumper*
@byunsolo I DIDN'T ASK FOR THIS EITHER IT JUST HAPPENED 😤
Wonderfully said!
"I've made a huge mistake" - Me, walking into this person's house.
This kid is blatantly trolling and everyone is taking him seriously LMAO. You people should quit Salem your scum reading skills are horrible
That dog actually looks flatter too.
Fucking and being a boy
Fuck i know. I'm so worried for girls like me growing up now.
Oh dear.
Cray to the crazy
i can't even stand up straight on a paddle board in the calmest water imaginable
It take so little to make a child's life joyful, why do we work so hard to make their lives hell? @MiddleEastEye Peace
The only time you're personal behavior should be on the governments radar is when it becomes harmful to others.
I read this to my 17 year old brother and he was kinda pissed off just saying
Women wear makeup to threaten other women. It has nothing to do with men. Same w all their weird mutilations.
Come on, at least give the man some eyebrows
Agree!!
[NAME] is unbearable. I wish [NAME] had killed her.
The bus loop was never going to entice families to transfer their kids to city schools. Is it great for kids already there? Yes.
The salt throwing emote is hard to misinterpret lol
My thoughts exactly. Love me some malicious compliance.
Thank you! [NAME] seems to realize how toxic this fanbase can be also.. Now lets hope you all keep your composure whether we win or lose week 1.
Sioux Valley wins home competitive #cheer invite with a score of 158. ...Dell Rapids second at 138 #cheer
When will the weeks full of Mondays end??
Yuuuuuuuuuup. It's horrible.
good. can't even describe just how terrible this entire thing was. just make 1000% sure this is the right guy.
Everyone knows the good [NAME] are the dirty little devil's
blocking [NAME] run ? Very bad
This artwork is amazing! Only thing that bothers me a bit, is that [NAME] is wearing something that looks like Korean traditional wear as opposed to a kimono
Thank you! Very cool!! 😎
Yup put the losion in the basket
No she never told me her name, and I unfortunately never asked for that or her number.
You actually seem like an abusive alt yourself.
Thanks globalism!
You're fine! Go ahead and vent, that's sorta what this subreddit's for. I'm the same way, don't worry.
DONT BE TRUE
I am really excited for you! We texted a few weeks before we met too! The first hugs and kisses were the best!
I’d rather give up masturbation. No time for it anyway when I work.
Thanks for this detailed response, it's given me a good understanding of what I am dealing with
I got a far related cousin that killed himself this exact way. A branch punched back the chainsaw right back at his forehead.
No problem! I was upset I couldn’t chose a female rose grey bay Arabian in story mode. I wanted to name her Rosé
the dude wanted to watch the talking car show. geez. haha jk. thats freaking creepy
I vote to now refer to him as [NAME] from now on due to his newfound confidence
She seems like the quality girl I'd like to marry and introduce to my parents
"UGH FEMINISM!!! SURELY THATS THE REASON I CANT GET LAID!!!" see you in hell
I could never deface my car like that omg
Did you know it inspired a direct to dvd adaptation with the same name?
it's no big deal. don't worry. everything will be alright.
A majority of the season they’ve been able to win out in ugly games. I just think that warriors loss left a bit of a scar
@everycolorbot more like every color looks the same #triggered #colorblind #offended #triggered #colorblind #offended
Do your research = listen to anecdotal evidence from users(totally reliable!) and try it out, just be comfy!
It did. MM used way more textures than Ocarina.
You would never attack someone's character.
I'm so sorry for your losses. Please see a therapist and consider seeing your physician for antidepressant medication. Your daughter will need you alive someday.
Submit yourself to science to investigate this intriguing event.
Thank you, I need it. I am currently trying to learn French, would that help ?
[NAME] was the only rb I felt no matter what I would draft him, but I think he's one of the very few
[NAME] dirty talk really just Doesnt Work for me. Sounds silly at the best of times.
We are all [NAME] on this blessed day
Got paid to vacuum up rat poop. (-: never a dull day in the biology department ...
I mean the whole discussion is about sales soooo...
@DirtyDucko @funder I wish I could like this twice. #hilarious #hilarious
Calling (some) media the Enemy of the People and Fake News - is that not impeachable in a non-bizarro world?
Pretty sure you could do that with a cargo ship too, so I'm not sure I buy that argument.
Hah, much appreciated! :)
It's probably an obvious answer, but it's bad around major cities and okay in the countryside.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
All I want to do is watch some netflix but I am stuck here in class. #depressing #depressing
I was giving an example, not explicitly talking about aramusha. 🙃
Yeah it's only been posted 30 times already
You're cool
Oooooooooo that’s a sweet format, love it. Thanks!
Sorry, mom took it out of the oven already and I am STARVING!
And girl I love your perfume there's something bout you 🎧
They fit the intended recipient, but are entirely too big for my feet.
Yeah I’ll take my downvotes. Just a gut feeling
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not. Either way. Lol
Unpopular opinion: Let [NAME] take the open 3s so he can become a better stretch big.
This is awesome! I really wish I could make it!
I FFed it too and reading that comment, I am sooooooooo glad I did!
I'm very very pale, and any bandages like that stick out like a dark brown blemish.
Granted, I dont have a proper measure of the number of monkeys needed to hash $0.05 worth of tx fees.
EEEEEKKKK!!!!\nProduct LAUNCH 😍✋💖\nI'm am literally B•U•Z•Z•I•N•G!!!\nSingle sachets 😍😍\n \nMessage me for yours! 😜🙆💜#loveyourlifestyle #shakes #loveyourlifestyle #shakes
I was scared of my room and even when I fell asleep in my bed I would sleep walk into my mom's room
don't put famous dex in a tweet with breezy lol chris is that guy dex a bitch lmao n music ass
I am curious how much he will get
Good to hear that! I’ve seen many ppl trashing [NAME] customer service so I was kinda worried
Oh for sure. Sometimes I wonder if they are actually harming there cause with the over the top hypocrisy the newcomers seem to see it quite quickly.
Yeah Eagles definitely had the upper hand in the negotiation but there’s no way we were gonna waste a season with [NAME] at QB.
I’d kind of be kind of shocked if Chili wants us to hit mostly ground balls, especially with how hard the shifts are nowadays.
Kor Is an absolute chad
Standard Candice starting the show with a pout #startasyoumeantogoon #GBBO #startasyoumeantogoon #gbbo
We want buns
yeah same issue with hockey short of places like [NAME]. 82 game schedule.
I’m feeling the same about the nets and hornets. I’m only worried the hornets can’t cover
Oh he did t quit when he just disappeared?
This would, honestly, imo, be a better response than what we've gotten so far.
I honestly feel nothing towards either of my parents and it's pretty depressing
May he Rest In Peace.
Please don't promote your channel
It's good
[NAME] just might be the hardest working man in hockey.
Yeah you're right, I mistyped it. Should have said after 1st and after the 2nd. There's none after the 3rd.
Me and my girlfriend were holding down the harmonies in section 8 YOURE WELCOME EVERYONE 😂😂
Funny joke.
This sounds like the kind of comment my weird uncle would leave on my Facebook post.
Someone who wants to drink like half a pint of Jim Beam, that's who!
Good luck and have fun
This inspiring.
Everyone get your tea kettles ready to boil some water so that you can throw it into the cold air!
Maybe they threatened someone’s interests. And this aesthetic is right — forcing everyone into Tsinghua Art-Academy taste is what’s sick.
Well I guess that solves it.... For you. I'll keep trying to make sense out of the evidence since you fail.
I made one comment, and you came in to call it childish..... like, what else are you doing besides badgering?
I watched that one, her butt is real lol
How often has this been available in the past and I hadn't known and ended up with a kink in my neck?
Minarchists cant be socialists. This doesn't apply to you brosky.
OHHHH, I like where Richmond is going with that.
Bloody Sundae ([NAME] x [NAME]).
Good morning have a good night me and lucky you! I gotta wait for mine😑
wtf i hate [NAME] now
I saw that comment and wondered if someone was going to post it here. I almost feel bad. Maybe they’re lonely.
Not really, more of a toxic poverty problem. Women get overworked too.
OH MY GOD TYLER THAT CENSORING
My bad I just realized it, I’m 31M and she’s 31F
A track would be much more suitable for this kind of recklessness! Keep this kind of dangerous driving off of public roads!
Lol, get em Corsi!
That's the main reason to play [NAME]? I hate it too.
I'm just trying to raise awareness at this point because I know it's not my system in particular.
Thanks bro means a lot
Wow, I had a cousin named [NAME] who ordered corn. Very nice lady, she died 2 years ago. Miss her xoxo
Great, now my balls hurt and I’m yawning uncontrollably.
It's almost unfair. Time to shop for a sweater.
Removed for spam
It's not a murder or a cringe. Just seems like two friends joking around.
I HAVE EYE PROBLEMS NOW IM REALLY YELLING
Glad you feel better! My offer still stands though, if you need someone, I’m here
Wow...Mean [NAME] passed away today. RIP
Something cute and fluffy who gets to nap a lot, lol.
Just put the winter duvet on ☃️❄️🌬☔️
[NAME] you like picking and choosing. not how life works. not how fact works.
And those poor kids are still paying for it. And we have actual grown adults that are bullying them even today.
Oh. It really is [RELIGION]. I was wondering if that was a bad gag.
Your comment is completely irrelevant and you're trolling me in order for you to cry and whine about Detroit. Get out of here.
He txt'd me last week to ask about my knee out of nowhere-wtf.
If it's not too late, I'd love to have one of the binders!
I told my chiropractor 'I'm here for a good time not a long time' when he questioned my habits and yet again I have unnerved a doctor
“Just beginning”? I was only released from lockdown days ago — not a word online. It’s actually worse now.
He could run for President of the US and WIN!
Which one had to shower outside with the hose... [NAME]? That one was so sad to me
That would be more accurate but less impactful/explanatory of the point the creator is trying to make---it's an illustration of the Apex fallacy.
I offend u
Drop every fear...
Are you sure? He's a rarity if he has never taken up the habit.
Sounds fun to be around her....Jk:)
not having periods for sure
Also his Whirlpool seems to be bugged, sometime it stays for like 3more seconds even tho you don't get any damage from it anymore
Thank you so much. It means a lot to me and I really appreciate it
[NAME] is a turd, but I actually believe him here. I'd be stunned if he didn't have a bigger offer than what [NAME] reported.
They should prank their customers by having someone act out being given a colombian neck tie while getting a shave.
I just checked and do see a lot of posts that are not humble brags.
Damn vampires taking all the damn jobs in this country
I also remember the scripts stating [NAME] look was one of jealousy, which disappoints me.
It's also the only title that doesn't have to be defended. Convenient that.
My heart still flutters when I think about it, it was just amazing.
kind of funny considering that the fentanyl that is killing people in North America - Canada and USA - comes from China.
Unfortunately half the country are not being reasonable.
I’m right handed, yet left eye dominant and straight... life is beautifully strange.
I'm 35 was married for 10 years and now I'm not and I am so happy to be alone
I’ve seen him on the facebook page! Thank you!
But she spells oddly well, and these aren't small words. It's a bunch of interrupted/disjointed thoughts.
Have a good day at work bud
I got a bad feeling about this. Something tells me they're going to drag this along until 2 weeks before release.
Yeah so I got kicked from a group chat for gnoming people*
Was he rejected because of his methodology or because of the content of his studies?
You should probably just use the same soap that you use to wash your body. You can boil silicone sex toys to kill bacteria.
Please keep going, this is just making you look worse
stepped over that dude like he was [NAME]!
The day I die is the day I'm happy
I did the Karl's Corner VIP package and it was great. There was a mini Weezer museum and I met [NAME]! And saw [NAME] from afar.
Very sad news for the man. Widespread travel disruption is expected for the evening commute
Sadly I don't think even half the people who watched the game are gonna hear about that.
i feel this
Apart from the flashy plating, it's probably the most famous dutch restaurant and has 3 Michelin stars. I hope they don't serve mediocre food there
It makes more sense now.
You’re argument is so bad you’re now asking people to deny common sense because you can’t prove your point LOL super pathetic
No, because asses that hot don't come in trenta
>Just be glad he didn’t kiss [NAME] mum. that'd make a good storyline tho tbh
Yes I heard abt the f bombs! That has to be why. Thanks for your reply:) until then hubby and I will anxiously wait 😝
This is so bad that I immediately retold it to everyone I know.
Everyone loved the Snacks trade.
I mean I feel like some people lose it more drastically than others.
Im oddly aroused
Looks like I posted it. Oh no!
Yeah google it I def want it!!
2 days on.......never a fucking pen!!!! #nffc  #nffc
You also can’t prove it happened so logically this doesn’t exist and is a paradox that never happened therefore pi = 3.14159
I agree. Pockets especially on dresses just feel weird.
Don’t regret the time, had it been sooner you might be absent a kid or three!
That’s what I’m thinking too, so I may just go with the referral after all. Thanks again for the help!
A girl has grown up a lot since she was a 12 year old on the show, and she's grown up to be so beautiful as well.
Then why can't we claim a fetus on our taxes?
Thanks i hate it.
From what I remember of the episode they actually kicked people out of their homes by having them condemned. Many residents didn't receive any kind of compensation.
surprise surprise! cbs loves this phony old wannabee
[NAME], that fucking sucks.
What do you mean if it's controlled?
Flirt so much that it sinks in, or just ask him "Is this a date?" <--- Also a prelude to flirting.
Thanks for following me on Twitter. What would you like to see? #funny #happy thefactably #funny #happy
*tomorrow Thank you for this.
You must be really slow. Life must be hard for you. You have my pity.
This joke hasn't really worked since the 11th Century. Even then it wasn't that funny.
In  fact,  sometimes i don't get furious at people who wrong me, but   i get  furious at  myself  for being  a  fool.
That's not the plan. If it were, the backstop wouldn't be controversial. The plan is divergence.
And the problem is that they took doctors out of a&e and out patients and community services and gp's to pay for his monstrosity...
@tannerfox awe cnt wait to see
He did not cheat on you. He ended it with that other woman before committing to you.
Those sound yummy!
I got I got I got...
**IITT'SSSS HIGHHHHH NOOOOOOOONNN**
We’ll have to wait and see next year when we deploy him exclusively in high leverage situations in the post season
It tore off lol. The bracket isn’t installed on delivery.
Sadly the Request a Book of [RELIGION] requires a phone number now. But if you have theirs it might work;
Honestly, I just bought a car with a manual. Sink or swim. Or in that case, drive or walk.
Dude you’re honestly unhinged. I think you need a break from the internet for today... it’ll do you some good.
welcome to a whole new world, my friend
This isn't about football, [NAME] is a horrible dude.
I Like [NAME]
yeah, but they think taking care is buying dinner and taking me on trips. I want money to spend on whatever I want.
Their dispute is about reputation and morality. Liu Xin’s attitude sealed her loss—her actions show no sincerity or remorse.
Yah a couple years been together for 7 total...we are in healthcare
Probably also saves money. An extra 3 napkins you dont use each time multiplied by thousands of people per day adds up quick
When I walk in darkness of despondency, Sc.verses I've memorized shine a light in my heart. Ex: Lam 3:22-25
I'm shaking now.
I’m scared.
Trusting readers is something we cannot afford in this day and age.
I asked for trick candles. Thank you for the gift! What a lovely day this turned out to be!
my lungs and chest have hurt for 6 days straight.
And it’s not even a close shave either. Must be very tender. Poor guy...
But he is. He won’t talk to us. [NAME] damnit OP answer us!!
Those fingers disturb me the most
Thanks for the warning, I'll probably look into it anyway, but I appreciate you telling me that!
your* and you're* btw
Delete this. Half the fun is spending five minutes convincing someone to get down on the floor and look through a couple holes.
@Mysbananen yes hc and we got him very low. I know how it feels. Our damage is low enough as it is never mind having the rng of being enrage
My god he looks so different without a scowl or smirk on his face! He looks genuinely happy
Show your new job you're not #afraid of new tasks. Take on a #project, be brave, make an #impression. #WorkTiveTruth #afraid #project #impression #worktivetruth
Which is still a very racist thing...
Just go for it, man. Life is too short.
I have seen quite a few posts in this subreddit on the topic, I would start by searching those.
this is beautiful !!! my poor baby tho, why is she crying ??? ;((
Ah, then apologies for my ignorance, and thank you
I love reading these posts and not realizing it's [NAME]
This momentum control by the refs is killing us, and we're letting it
He came flying out of nowhere for that. I was impressed.
Me, too, please.
I think it's because he was so damn happy for his friend, which again, is sweet as hell.
You see that's why you don't give tuna and catnip to the neighborhood cats because then they'll never leave.
Damn, politics *does* make strange bedfellows.
So $0.50 for that GIF? I think I'll pass.
Should start at 1mg and see how you feel
Lived this, it didn’t workout for me. Good luck on that one, I’d never do it again.
Read it again. He "really likes" her. He never claimed to love her.
Looks like your sources were closer to the actual value. Degrom just settled for $17m.
We need an update, man. What's this "Outside" like???
[NAME] back too please. It's like [NAME] summoning the nazguls to retrieve the ring/stop 10IAR.
So nothing? His office is going to do nothing? Or will the location of the office be a fictional place?
Trust me no one getting caught but this dumb MF
Thanks brother/sister. If I wasn’t so poor I’d gold you
@BelieveInBlue18 awe thanks! Couldn't be doing it without all your help and support and that amazing encouragement!💕😘🙌🏻
"Ma'am, thanks for buying the twine. Have a nice day"
And look like big tracts of land.
You're a turd
You must be ecstatic, I'm really happy for you.
You cannot open or keep it. You can send it RTS.
Before the trade happened I knew [NAME] was [NAME] but [NAME] beauty had not reached me yet
I don’t get it — is admitting fault really that hard? Is taking responsibility as an adult that hard? Don’t they understand what started it and what it caused?
The term “malicious return to hometown” sounds just like when some people accused overseas students returning home of being “number one at bringing back the virus.”
Genius. I'm so doing this
And [NAME] hit a girl But he's a nice guy so
As a caretaker, this freaked me out to no end.
Their roster just doesn’t work, sadly they didn’t realize it in time.
Woah. This is a whole new fascinating Reddit thing that I never knew about
Top 10 nibbas satan's too afraid to torture.
It's an unfortunate situation, but it had to be done at some point.
Hey congrats!! That's amazing, you've done such amazing progress! Hope you have a great day :)
That was a hell of a tip, that happens
Loving the things you do is a good start. it's easier than loving yourself, but it slowly leads into it.
medical care in the US sucks.
I'm kind of struggling tonight. Bored, lonely... man
Cool to see when smart #CowboysTwitter folks chirp the same stuff you did during your review.  This is why I joined. #cowboystwitter
What the actual fuck, does seeing something terrible prevent you from enjoying the entire rest of your life?
@Dak2future decorations are up all over Jersey already #outrage #outrage
thanks, metropolitan looks legit according to google searches.
And the amount of crops we eat is destroying river systems and forests. Not to mention the animals killed inadvertently during harvest.
Wow, that’s fascinating! I’d be interested to know the rationale (or lack thereof) for a [NAME].
Most likely, which, as I understand, isn't respected in pretty much any sense nowadays.
You most def are a quality human. This story just warms my heart.
Women can't do wrong you fucking mansplainer
And when I went to your moms house she told me about her super awesome witty son.
Ahem. Second best NA
Left or right, doesn't matter, just laugh at statists on all sides
The positive side to this is i get to relive the same emotions that I felt losing my virginity....ever few months.
Happy new year!
My grandma used to do a "magic trick" that to this day i can't explain.
uuuuugh what keeps the penis spitting
[NAME] damn it [NAME]!
Wow he wants people to donate so he can make a large profit off his atm? Lmao Good gig if you can get it I guess...
happy birthday. you can't change who you are, but you can improve on communication skills to help bond with someone :)
Maybe he's just pretending to be.
I think it’s because his contract hasn’t been finalized yet. Could be wrong, but saw a tweet about it today.
I have the best girlfriend in the world 😍 #blessed #blessed
You too huh?
I appreciate your meme OP.
Yep, this cunt again.
@ImJim_YoureNot  cyber bully
Yeah, it makes me feel worse :'( I need a real one...
[NAME] was piss poor today
I think I can agree with you here, I kinda forgot about the military.
My fav #movies are #horror but they don't make them like they used too. Haven't seen a great one in years #movies #horror
Gotta love acid
No prob, glad you asked the question -- hope the response above helps fast-track folks like you who are interested in donating.
That has some amusingly unfortunate implications for those that believe all [NAME] are descendant from [NAME], son of [NAME] and [NAME].
Other than the jerseys, optic merch is like an after thought. Wish they would step it up more.
My childhood horse died due to twisted intestines. Very traumatizing, since he crawled over and put his head in my lap at the end.
Background. Suffered a bit at times of #stress. Always a bit #shy. About 8 years ago (aged 30) I was made redundant. That's when it started #stress #shy
Lost Frequencies/Janieck Devy - Reality (Gestort Aber Geil Remix)' is raging at ShoutDRIVE!
I just can't believe she had the nerve to call both [NAME] and [NAME] low ability
Thanks for the input! I definitely want to check that out it looks beautiful Do you think a puffer jacket is necessary?
Adapt and overcome
Interesting read, but horrible format on mobile.
That sucks Crescent City, I hope you get the guys....
Was pretty confused about a random guy having dinner with [NAME] until I read your username haha Congrats for Arctic btw!
I AM THE RED ONE THANK YOU
I had to watch x3 to make sure I didn't miss something 😂
I was wondering the same thing
It's funny cause OP is trying go against the mindset that most men are predators but in inadvertently reinforcing it :/ awkward.
I never noticed this, how cool. I will keep an eye out for it! Another death foreshadowed by something small.
Because then if the wife gets pregnant it becomes difficult to find out which husband she is pregnant with
It would be quite difficult, considering that I don't actually have any to begin with, hence the question.
I just saw this on netflix..... Now I'm Watching it... Then you post this.... It's like we almost watched it together...
That’s v strange behaviour.
This made me chuckle
—but he just can't. He feels tired but also restless. So here he now, scrolling his own music player, playing some music through his—
My impression of Beijing’s infection rate: our office of 80 had none before reopening; now only one’s uninfected—everyone else caught it and recovered.
Really liked your law and dragon ones man. Good stuff.
Oh my [NAME] me too 😂
The worst part is that neither party appears to have learned anything from this dumpster fire.
Sounds painful man
[NAME] would love her!!! "Do you forgive Daddy?"
Don't worry, when you turn 20 you'll look back and cringe, too.
I always move back and always regret it.
That was a lovely story to actually see Ruth and hubby who won the cashcow @sunriseon7.It was so funny when she left the phone #happy 😊 #happy
The children felt like they were being told telepathically that there was great danger ahead.
Definitely was a nonononoyes for me there lol, I'm a horrible person
Hey now. Kirkcaldy is a lovely place to see in my rear view mirror.
Some are still thinking what's going on😂😂
I was streaming on my laptop so I could watch the glorious win. Sadly hunting has been tough so far. Damn those Bison.
You just need to ignore him. He only crawls out when he can complain about traditional [NAME] or dem stupid republicans.
im glad that's not what the game is about then
You da best thanks
Goalpost shifting much?
Thanks for the info, I was thinking the same.
The cop should have just shot his kneecap out.
Saint and Eagles was the only interesting game.
Interesting!!
No I know. This group has been mostly helpful. And the rude comments were deleted by the mods.
Lol. That's funny though!
@PiersatPenn Thank you dear Emily. This is a wonderful share I love it. Emily, have very happy moment over there my beautiful friend
@chelston_dsouza Conte is furious with his board, wants all of them or he quits.
stg I been in pine bluff all morning and to piss me off even more, my damn shoes came in as a size 4!!!!!! I KNOW I SAID 6🙄🙄🙄🙄 FML
>I was internally startled but tried to play it cool. Why?
Good mythical morning. Hope you get better soon
Rule 7: Pursue what is meaningful (not what is expedient)
[NAME] I HATE those.
I'm a university student and even though I have a job, I'm going to find out about this at school. Thanks for the tip!!
Why send a 2-year-old to early education? My son was nearly five before preschool — he didn’t talk much, and I feared he’d be bullied where I couldn’t see.
No problem. I'm happy to know it's not what you meant.
Well, since everything in Australia wants to kill you, I'd say it is quite healthy to be afraid of Australian spiders, and other flora and fauna
Props to this guy, that was an amazing comment.
Changed my clothes at work and had my pre-workout..  In route to the gym and there is traffic all over - pre workout kicking in..
YOU DONT SAY
My most sincere condolences.
That [NAME] missed layup is haunting me right now.
We’re not xenophobic, but outsiders skipping nucleic tests should please comply. Is daily testing that hard? Even 70-80 year-olds do it!
I haven't messed around with it that much, everytime I go in it seems like people are looking for players way better than me.
[NAME] my new favorite Hollywood person
You sound upset.
let the masses who see my face, start speaking my name in harsh tones and cast-down eyes.
That really generalized my political enemys.
No stop. One Red and yellow team had to be sacrificed for the fortunes of the other. I’m sorry
i'm doing laundry and watching that 70's show with a bunch of strangers. #happy #birthday #to #me #happy #birthday #to #me
I appreciate that. :)
@quiettcricket can you maybe break it down into smaller bits? or space it out so it doesnt seem to daunting?
Good luck my dude, took me three OD's before I realized I should probably stop.
We had so much pvp before, during, and after this alliance was formed.
Why’s he pointless? I want to know how people like you watch this game. Genuinely baffles me.
“I’m the boss. I can prosecute him 100 ways. If someone offends me, I’ll ruin their whole family. You can’t sue me — I’m an official. Malicious return? Quarantine then detain. What law? I am the law. Get out…” No wonder people call them arrogant — why are Chinese officials so emboldened?
200 likes already? Can we keep it going! Upvote! Upvote! Upvote! Enough upvotes and we will get the community involved.
@russbully Ended up paying 75p for half a tube of smarties. Don't even get the pleasure of popping the plastic lid off either
I mean, she actually is a genius, so I really dont have a problem with her identifying herself as one
Get some help dude.
very familiar image
As a computer science student but also a lifelong [NAME], the issues surrounding Amazon in Queens have left me substantially torn.
Cool! Glad to see some cooperation.
Yeah, you can see the ball changing direction
Sorry, no. We’re just going to export [NAME] to you guys.
im sure he started that line with his own hard earned money
The Wall requires taking land at gunpoint, explain how that isn't tyranny
[NAME] lmaooo this made me laugh, thank you 😂
Hope you're doing okay!
and he's fat from all those luxury meals
@kayleighmcenany  @DonaldJTrumpJr Is that really all you can offer for those who sacrifice daily to keep you safe...? @kayleighmcenany
At the end of the day you gotta be #happy for you. #happy
there are magpies gathering around me help I'm going to be swooped !
Go easy on your mom; this letter sounds like it was written from a place of deep love.
I was never a huge fan of her, but if they replaced [NAME] with her that would be the best thing to ever happen to this show.
Whaaaat? I thought it was a perfectly normal childhood disease that posed no threat whatsoever! Why is she scared?
Thanks, this really helps!
My wedding is in two weeks and I'm actually really nervous. I just want things to go right, I don't want to get sick or get canceled ;;
Did I miss something? I don't think she's announced yet. Someone could still beat her to it.
Motherfucker!!
Now you can.
..and it's awful. What a waste of money.
Thanks [NAME]! <3 #9 #9
Reminds me of the blueberry girl from [NAME]
Yeah. Hard not to catch feelings sometimes, even if they are just a bunch of writeoffs.
Something like that lol
Just relax and enjoy. We are gonna win by double figures as per usual.
@MA_Bisson @AroundTheRings @LA2024 'felt our soul'! hilarious!
Their life’s a mess, yet they assume others are miserable too—full of mockery, meddling where they shouldn’t.
Burn wait someone already did it sorry
@CorningFootball  IT'S GAME DAY!!!!      T MINUS 14:30
I'm impressed! After childbirth, I'm lucky to make it twelve minutes without having to pee...
So wrong. Most every denomination believes they are the only ones who are doing it right and everyone else is going to rot in hell.
I want [NAME] to come back and do [NAME]
Oh thank you! I hadn’t even realized :D
Nope — even with green code and test, still 7-day home isolation, more tests, and calls telling us not to return. If not for my grandparents alone, we’d skip it.
I agree I think they hyped it up
Hey, it's working again! Somebody at YouTube must have given the server a whack, because suddenly the recommendations are making sense. I wonder what happened today.
❤︎I... I can't! I'm scared! Bees terrify me.
[NAME] is amazing.
@hamzakhawaja99 just die depression.
Thanks Mate. [NAME] is awesome
No unless it’s like someone you were close to that’s passed away like a parent or something. Kissing your pillow is kinda weird though.
Wow [NAME] is back I hope to see better pain defense when the second unit is out there.
This is actually one of the most retarded things I’ve ever seen. Good post op
Exactly. It's like a deepity only longer and wronger.
What’s the chemical make up of a word? Yea thought so genius lmfaoooooo.
still shaking though 🙃
Breaking out in hives for the first time since college finals. #anxiety sucks #anxiety
Sorry for bringing up so many problems without any solutions, and sorry for just being whiny overall. Thanks for the time you've spent talking with me
i hope so
Cheers brother. That’s very interesting. First time I’ve seen that article.
It's not like other teams have been spending tons of money in the last couple weeks. Making small moves doesn't mean we can't make big moves.
I have dayz but haven’t played in years. Last I heard it’s still a broken mess lol.
Given that you're not a conservative and this isn't a debate sub, how about you just get the hell out and stay out.
Omg I’d happily live in Cape Town instead of the US!! It’s literally one of my favorite cities on earth!!
That son of a gun [NAME] knew that a streaming network was the future. He took a huge risk and now everyone is following suit!
Yeah, I might have used the wrong word.
Read it carefully word by word for the first time. As a Red Devils fan, it’s also mourning on 5/12. The departed are gone, the living remain — may they rest in peace.
I'm 21. I've entered adulthood and I even have to face negative comments from family members. Adulthood won't save me.
> but I have to admit its catchy. This is not and has not ever been an inherently positive characteristic about any song.
This is really helpful, thanks!
I'm 5'6" and three quarters haha. Have hair though.
hilarity ensues
I like to think they put that joke in because of the meme
ohhhhh my gosh
To be fair, it is a wild sentence. "I have genital herpes and a BMI of 31." As if they're related lol
“He who is slow to anger is better than the mighty, And he who rules his spirit than he who takes a city.”\nP16:32 #bibleverse #pride  #bibleverse #pride
That's less functional and more cleanup though...
Flair checking in! I love it when they don't change the template messages!
She was such a pretty girl, she didn’t need to get all those surgeries. What a shame.
Don't need to shout at them. Just a simple question. :)
That's [NAME] btw in men in Black. He is also the actor who plays [NAME] in Netflix Daredevil. Such an amazing actor.
Damn, that's the only war we lost.
That’s what makes this scene so timeless. every one of us simultaneously relates to both the nerd and to homer.
Unless they end up with [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] (or similiar), this will be a huge failure. Yikes.
It's so cute that she thinks no one can tell that isn't her real face. 😂
Running theory is "Schnee Dust Corporation" but I don't think its been confirmed.
I miss my dread head 😩
don’t show the FDA /s
This post gave me incredible anxiety until I saw the back tires rolling sideways which was amazing.
Wait, wait, wait. Wait. You're talking about him not being as much into cybersex as you? Actual sex you have similar sex drives?
Wow, I love the car ride idea. Thanks for sharing that!
I don’t think they really thought through the ramifications of putting a bunch of angry women through rigorous physical exercise with weapons. That uprising would be glorious!
AND MY ~~AXE~~ MACE
Bad luck you’re in Beckton
look more 4th grade comments. sorry you're a child who has no brain. I bet your mother wishes she had a child who lived.
nope. not hers.
Washington had it so easy, until they signed [NAME] that stupid contract ...HAHAHHAHAHAHA
I’m happy I can help.
Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself.
I wonder how Florida will like him hahah
Would know, have a weeb friend, he’s wicked into lolis
Very sad. It’s the child I feel for most.
Better love big “snowflake” hearts!
If I was a ghost I'd haunt people by giving them cramps in both of their legs when they do cardio 😈😈😈 #Mwahaha #mwahaha
I didn't know there was a name for that.
Agreed. Reverse the story so that a girl makes her boyfriend shit his pants before going out and suddenly it's funny.
Would be a great pick up tbh
It's amazingly fun even after all these years. Aged terribly graphics-wise though.
..... sigh.... gross
Sure, doesn't change it being overwrought nonsense though.
YOU HAVE JUST DECAPITATED [NAME]!
Danm you can hear that little bastard squeaking.
Doesnt matter where it happened, retail companys will find any excuse to throw their employies under the bus
Someone who wants to do a couple of takes and it's just gone past 9
Yeah it’s not like I want my cat to lick me in a sexual way that’s just weird.
Am I confusing you with someone? I thought you had posted that you liked older women.
I think some people don't understand that they don't do him any favor by putting too high expectations on him.
He immeditely broke down in tears from it.
Yeah this is downright spooky; she's not even using that face mask.
If that mask could talk it would beg someone to end it's suffering.
Lol! Too funny. Mine are depressed, they gave up. :(
Only all the time. As of a few years ago it’s been impossible for me to do it, which is discomforting to say the least.
These leaks are actually very credible. It's sad that you guys let Hate and anger blind you from enjoying the experience.
It would be exciting I guess.
There’s this which is terrifying to think about
( I was smart & bit my tongue ) Oh, and great results, but I'm not going into details... ow.We spent all day together, and got pizza & a ton of beer for dinner!
I went to the clinic and got looked over and to my amazement, after they swabbed my throat, they didn't find any strep bacteria, even though my throat is really red.
You monster! Think of the children!
this is hurting UCF's chance at a super bowl
Most of my friends are [NAME], and I respect them. I don't think they'd be offended. Sincerely.
jokic with a couple dumb arm fouls already, he seems a tad unsettled
I’d crap myself if that happened to me.
It's actually illegal to do this. Only allowed if absolutely unavoidable.
AKA great!
I have. Take care
Today I answered a call from a college rep who didn't realize I did, and I got to hear part of his lively debate about if evolution is real.
Sounds like you got really lucky bro :). Did you ever see the guy again? If so, did he ever bully you again?
really hope that is the case. Gotta keep the optimism up
Be quick to #listen, slow to #speak, and slow to #anger. #listen #speak #anger
Lol let me do you one better, what FPS games have EVER had built in aim assist with controller on pc?
@NaziaMemon01 yeah a terror packed terror supported speech..
I bet we'd all die. Thank [NAME] for colds and germs or we'd all be dead upon birth
I haven’t scrolled it down yet. I thought it was a woman then I saw the name.
[NAME] makes me want to punch ugly pillows.
How strange is it that it is only gun control enthusiasts think that compromise means one side gets what it wants and the other side only loses.
Yeah, surely this is *exactly* what democracy is?
So I've never seen [NAME] before and decided to Google it out of curiosity... Cheers for that
At least you get sunny on Netflix, they took it off in Canada :(
I'd love it if we actually rotated instead of running players into the ground.
I know, you see somehow the world is changing me and its so wonderful
all the more reason to not give a fuck about CFF
[NAME] looks really hot in this pic for some reason
Remember the #twinkie #scare ???? #tbt #twinkie #scare #tbt
(Stupid) * (how many times you think you can pull it off without getting caught )
Not gonna lie I’m pretty out of it for New Years so I probably knew-jerked more than necessary. Happy New Years my man!
I've invested 9 goddamn years watching these twits. I'm going down with the ship.
I'm saying I've only ever seen one case of obvious hacking
I need to get my feet wet ( or whet ) first.
Being a bronco fan in NY, this podcast is the only radio I can consistently get
Scotch tape for a leak. You might have better chances just asking it really nicely to stop.
yeah I figured, that's actually incredibly annoying. that only flies because they don't care about bf4 anymore? time to start favoriting servers I guess
has the face of someone that had one too many pain pills for breakfast.
Internet is probably closer to "how is this shit so broken yet still somehow
It means >![NAME] is the only one really close to Dutch now.!<
Several hours of that was enough to put me flat on my back, so I took a nice long nap, then just rested for the remainder of the day.
Too lazy to type out "him/her" 3x. That and I don't give a fuck.
I don't even have a desktop PC, so I don't think being able to play on a computer will really be possible
Also there's better ways we can spend taxpayer dollars than on another election.
Not really the point I'm making, but thanks.
The amount of Islamophobic media bias is disturbing.
Very cool toys, very cool video, very cool hostd
I swear Denver has the worst sports media personalities.
Nice-full circle! Leaving [NAME] for dust- I love it.
Oh sure. I bet [NAME] is sick. Sick of Skyward Sword.
It seems you might be right. I found this
Id rather have them be physically ok and make amends with [NAME] later than have one without the ability to communicate efficiently forever but have their feelings alright.
“excuse me, sorry im next”. “oh sorry”(moves behind you). “thank you”
Too fast for me in the chat room. I'm on my phone and can't type that fast. Here is more relaxed and everyone is hilarious.
Leveled at the half. Much better offense expected in the second half
Can confirm. All my friends in cork always do it while I get stuck waiting.
Honestly why even make it about her, I was fascinated by his dedication!
Don't you even dare try to put any blame on [NAME]
Oh, I think I misread it somewhere. Good news then! Hope [NAME] will use him next season. L
and then everyone clapped.
I see I'll be hovering over the block button today with much glee.
Things are much better then they were a few decades ago but we’re still shrinking.
Makes me want to eat ass
Side chick's be trying to fuck u like your going to forget about your wife when your done. #terrible #terrible
@SheenKL I assume the manga is #good? #good
Thank you for the vote of confidence, but this experience has really effected me
No one makes that argument, though, except strawmen invents by the right.
Literally right after I sent it. What the hell
3. You are so cool I feel slightly intimidated sometimes but YOU ARE A VERY NICE PERSON and I LIKE THE THINGS YOU DO. 💕
In many circles this would be considered a steal
That they wield to great effect to tell *you* why you’re crazy and how it’s totally not their fault
Wow that's amazing, I hope my situation is as good next year.
I was going to say this... he endangered your health
Bruh. Same I’m sitting here wide awake barely breathing outta one nostril.trying to blow my nose every ten seconds and I thins happening
They 100% know each other, maybe not personally
Ok thanks ❤❤
Time consuming too, but buying a box that size outright is stupidly expensive—even if you order a bundle of 25 at a time.
wow. thank you. you dont know how badly i needed that tbh
They are all good right now. Pick the one that interests you and enjoy yourself.
It would be a crime to not invite him.
Don't meet your heroes
i mean, yeah tbh.
A lot of people call that this is only one they made her sick
Pistons need more picks and less aging players. Get as many picks as possible and hope to get lucky.
It is. I bet chantex and all the other 'quit smoking' companies hope this book doesn't become too popular. That would cut into their profits.
@chelseahandler I don't think your a girls girl #fraud  #celebeffer #fraud #celebeffer
Ha, I thought it was about [NAME].
No because to them this disabled boy is faceless. It’s easier to digest our hate and vitriol without thinking about it.
Sounds like a great idea that your nephew is moving away from her. She’d be an absolutely toxic mother.
I didn't say it was soulless.
that was so sad :(
horrific clock management too!
I’ve always thought he was overrated until now
Harsh, but true
> Don't see the problem here if the guy is in his own house. Anyone else making that much noise would get a visit from the police.
A lot of injury history for these players. I hate to count on them.
Damned asshole trouble maker!! Someone has mummy issues. 👀
Medley? 🤮
@TauDeltaPhiDK THANK YOU FOR MY OBAMA CUT OUT!!!!!! I am elated that he's back home😍
My name is [NAME] too. It's so strange hearing my favorite bravolebs say it on TV.
Wow i've sat like all of those
Bahahaha this is gold.
I shut my eyes and let the tears take over.
So I literally slept with Michel Thomas ' heavily Polish-German accented French ringing in my ears.4.
Good for [NAME]. He deserves it.
You need to use ladies man perk and an item that has seduction +150.
That logic leads to a very dark place if all you have are terrible people in your life.
Fantastic news for supply - hopefully it translates to less pressure on rents. This market desperately needs more supply and this is great news.
Can anyone link the article? I can't find it
Who says they weren’t? If they were, they were probably ignored, or drowned out by the [NAME].
Your artwork is amazing.
If [NAME] is being considered for all defense, [NAME] needs more love too
Fellaini has been playing ahead of this guy...just let that sink in
Thanks for your advice.
#FF \n\n@The_Family_X \n\n#soul #blues &amp; #rock #band\n\n#music from the #heart\n\nWith soul &amp; #passion \n\nXx 🎶 xX #ff #blues #rock #band #heart #passion
who doesn’t know what an Ethernet port looks like lmao
In short, this is an “immersive burst” work — it takes calm and patience to appreciate. But in today’s restless times, most lack the patience to understand our intent.
It's weird that many places consider iguanas invasive species..
Yasssss. I loathed Harry Potter. Book? Movie? Toy? Board game? Costume?
Ah. So cardboard. Haha
As a person who lives in NYC, I couldn't possibly agree more
Yes, [NAME] is truly evil [NAME], his utter failure and stupidity is so beyond reason that when you mention it, it sounds beyond reason.
Feel so bad for her, not even mad about the glove wipe-offs.
Okay I’ll call them tonight and cry on your behalf.
denying and lying or walking into a minefield what "nice" choices @.@
Pretty sure this is someone with a disorder, not a hangover.
' To be honest I don't know why I set out into the dark, yesterday's letter clutched in my palm.
Your flair tho!!!! 😂😂😂😂
happy cake day!
eventually i fell asleep on the floor of her closet.
Thank you. I really appreciate the help
bout to read this article 'Moving the Conversation Forward: Homosexuality &amp; Christianity' from someone in the foursquare church #nervous #nervous
My guy was wondering where you were at
Married at first sight!
Hey now I didn't flunk out of med school to be insulted like this!
Please list them and sources as well. Thanks.
Isn't that how [NAME] won in the first place?
Dave & Buster’s is a great suggestion!
Watch again. It's frosted white in the beginning and black (no window) after
why cant gifs not have sound? thats for youtubes are for.
I’m not arguing for it. I just think the punishment doesn’t fit the crime.
How do you know if this gets downvoted to hell, but a lot of times before dying (6 hits taken.).
This same problem exists in playground as well.
Looks nice but will wait for a PVE dedicated map as that’s more my jam.
All those feelings which he had buried deep in his heart, had now, after hundreds of years, risen up.
That host's sense of superiority and childish sarcasm is so terrible that it physically hurts.
@OpheliaMCFLY_GD yes!! Once I'm done with people I'm really done.... lying to me is the worse thing someone can do I'm a nightmare 😂
I didn't see anything in that comment referring to a cactus.
We had a baby, it's hard to find the time to take them down.
Someone commented that it's like that friend who constantly talks about their ex, but insist they're over them.
Confusing yet wholesome A cancer on a cancer that kills all the cancer, so maybe, cancer is the cure to cancer itself!
Yeah 150 is a little much. Reverting to 125 would be perfect
That's exactly why I'm asking you if you would.
Life is Strange is terrible. Absolutely zero gameplay...
My school did this too except with a gold spray-painted plunger. Kids love toilet humor. 😎
Your belief is literally killing children
No offense but...she's not pretty either so I'm confused why she'd say that car is only for ugly women.
Oh you hunt deer, I’m white I hunt n words
Not taking this position necessarily but you could basically argue the referendum was ratfucked by right wing propagandists and call for a second referendum to confirm the outcome.
Dude is really nice. But I’m gonna be so upset if we ignore our huge need for a small forward again.
That can be a perfect gift for a [NAME]. Amazing work !!
this is why i get up every day, lace up my chucks and keep a smile on my face through all sorts of patron issues.
Me too, I'm shitting myself.
Wait, what? Lol. Weak call. I'll take it.
Yep never understand why just because a move is small that makes it bad?
Turns out this big lug was basically 90% heart, 5% muscle, 5% brain.
I have 1200 hours and the highest i’ve ever been was silver elite. I should probably quit this game.
Come on girl shake that ass for me
As bad as the session was, I really do love your drow bard she sounds super fun to play with
When you arrive at the office the day before your first ever festival and the Internet is down
I would have tactically thrown dynamite and blown my self up about 2 seconds in.
I didn’t notice till the replay and honestly, I screamed
[NAME] you are a freak...
Giants are getting him even though if take him. He wants them too so no room for us
Stop playing dumb. You know what an incel is.
We got a room full if potheads, were gonna need back up.” “I’M ON MY WAY!”
Wow if ur mom didn’t come back for her card you were a goner crazy
Great news. Hopefully we can get a PLP that is more representative of the membership.
He isn't unique to that. Every defensive metric disagrees 🤔
It worries me that there are people that miss the meaning of a subject by so much. Your critical thinking skills sadden me.
Let's hope you've got the self control to not binge :) I know I didn't
@_JuliaSteiner : I liked that she was not moping around in all of the episode. She had a moment of emotional weakness, felt sorry about -
That's some creepy coincidence, then! Maybe I'll find my Donut twin on here one day! 😮 One can only hope...
Nice. How is prep going??
no offense but the doctor crying tears of joy after realizing he has a family for christmas is Cute
Great bit of info. Thanks for the reply.
Start an initiative to take away cops guns since you feel so strongly about it
Nothing in his bed, not on his pillow, not on the bed, not on any doorhandles...nothing.
Are you actuslly a libertarian? This is some insane thedonald level shit. Is this still a libertarian board? Have I been duped?
Burn through ALL THE DATA
Just stunning my meats
That's horrible, good to know she is with an awesome guy.
Project Exile worked pretty well, and it specifically targets criminals
I have a boobs but a penis, it’s quite the embarrassment.
I go to the same hairdresser as [NAME], and she told me we were interested. Dunno how she got her info though.
*Rosa..Rosa..Rooosaa, Yeah! Beautiful Rosaa*
Oh [NAME] I forgot all about this site for good reason
Fucking hate [NAME]..
Poetic justice they get to the title game host Philly and BDN whips it out for them and shoves it down their throat. That would be epic.
@beautifuIbaek Wow! I hope i win. 😭 thanks for this. 😊
Your username makes me think you would appreciate this joke of mine.
Wow! You are close to me in age. I would never do that.
People dread a Snapchat streak with me cos the death threats I send to save it
Thank you for taking the time and effort to try and understand, you sound like a good friend
Ii can't believe you just said that!
Interesting. Never heard of it. Do you like it?
[NAME] had them a few months ago. Friend bought some for her sick dog.
Good bot.
Looks like these guys were sold Brexit lies
You’re an animal, and you deserve all the shame/repercussions you get.
@Ragga_Storm #red is #dread love it #red #dread
[NAME] this makes me feel ancient.
This other guy seemed obsessed with this floor and talked about going up there and finding this ghost.
Relax. You're going to give yourself an aneury... ...on second thought, keep going.
Which is fine, when you rush back guys from injuries you end up with a [NAME] situation.
Do you not see the blatant hypocrisy of this post?
`` I zip up the tote back quickly, throw it onto my shoulder and grab up the other, larger bag.
I am sorry human being :(
Please tell me how it sounds racist.
[NAME] brought in a guest writer for this so hopefully it gets rectified soon. I still really like DrawTwo but this has to be fixed
You chase dreams; we follow your steps. In following you, we grow too. You may not know us, but every bit of effort we make is for you.
There’s really no rationalizing their train of thought.
Bit salty about that karma mate
Hi, everyone! This is my 13 minute action/comedy short film, JUICY! I hope you all enjoy! Feedback is welcome.
if its not obvious everyone is having issues with this scam site
You haven't presented a reason to not care.
I was going to ask what temperatures are like where you live. The beauty of losing refrigeration in the winter is having the great outdoors.
@CorningFootball  IT'S GAME DAY!!!!      T MINUS 14:30  #relentless #relentless
So I've just read your whole post. Wow. Your mum is a piece of work.
You have no idea how incredible they make me feel in every single way. It's not something I'm used to!!
Fair enough. You know him better than any of us do.
Looks very dry
Difficulties, by bracing the mind to overcome them, assist cheerfulness, as exercise assists digestion.\nChristian Nestell Bovee #quotes #quotes
Wow, this is why I never want to become a parent.
yeah definitely so what i'm thinking is, we remake it, but also, add a divekick button
Weird guy to say the least
Keep striving, keep shining bright! 💚
Stalking is kind of beta. He should have kidnapped her on horseback.
I feel like people kind of just... forgot about it, somehow? I watched the whole thing and it was a really really fun one
When students from Tianjin’s 1969 and 1970 cohorts went “up to the mountains and down to the countryside,” most were sent to a place called Jingdian in Hebei to build the Tianjin Iron Plant, also known as 6985. It was a self-contained community; workers received free housing that still stands today. If they wanted to return to Tianjin, they could exchange that free house and buy out the property rights to own one in the city’s prime area. Overall, the older generation didn’t bear much burden.
I feel that this happens to the entire cast it any major reality show.
It's a good thing that liopleurodon was actually only about six meters long and went extinct 155,000,000 years ago...
#ADHD &amp; #anxiety are #IRRELEVANT\nAnyone will be #EVICTED if a significant amount of rent HAS NOT BEEN PAID \n#mentalhealth aside\n#CantPay #adhd #anxiety #irrelevant #evicted
which grind gives you the right to cheat on your girlfriend ? lmao
Thank you for your time and effort! I'm going to actively focus on enabling my Rein and tracking enemy ults.
Good luck dude, it probably won’t be as bad as you think
We Are Source!!\n\n#mindset #philosophy #thoughtsbecomethings #news #lifehacks #fear #you #LIFE #PleaseRT #ProblemSolving #philosophy #thoughtsbecomethings #news #lifehacks #fear #you #life #pleasert #problemsolving
What. The. Fuck.
No I thought that movie was really bad. I could relate to requiem for a dream.
That's forward heavy punch right? Sorry I'm pretty new to SF
Could be worse, could be funky town
It’s just about drawing a clean line — my family has money, but it’s the family’s, not mine. That’s the point.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity, an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty' -Sir Winston Churchill-
Oh I never knew you could do that
Coming up shortly #WetinDeyHappen #Satire #laughs #local #Pidgin cc @McTalkinDrum and @Funny_Udeme #stayTuned #premiumTalkStation #wetindeyhappen #satire #laughs #local #pidgin #staytuned #premiumtalkstation
That’s not a very humble opinion at all.
I love [NAME] so much, but honestly it's great news that they refused to go back to that system. Hoping for [NAME].
Can't even believe just seeing you set my anxiety off 🖕
Yeah father of two T1D. That post is insanely reactionary. My lord.
Just fresh powder underneath a pine grove.
Where are all the memes about tops ending up with another top? Cause trust me, it sucks just as much, if not more.
She had so so so many great looks. I can’t remember them all now, but she hardly ever made a misstep in regards to fashion.
By the time I got done, my back was killing me ( but then it has been a problem since the last week of December ) and I felt pretty ill, but I got it done.
FYI this gif is a hit on [NAME] so yeah both sides think this is hilarious!
It’s the world record egg!
You can't just ignore [NAME]' cup wins though.
Literally nothing. Every single thing on my body is ugly. I'm not exaggerating or imagining things.
I get it from (very Welsh) grandmotherly types at my work. Like they’re lovely but I’m 24??
This right here is the kind of father I want to be. Thanks for that.
This is the most reasonable and logical response on here.
Don’t make fun of the cancer kid
If you are eating a whole bloomin onion once a week thats also a pretty big you problem.
@Myahrissavietta I'm cheery now 😘😉
I stepped into the shower and my spidey senses tangled. I immediately looked up and saw a spider directly above my head.
Very little people care, also just because other countries have it is not a reason
Yes that would've been so much fun! You can only imagine my shock and disappointment...
This is the same woman who fought tooth and nail to have wrongful convictions upheld while she was a prosecutor; she craves tyranny.
I forgot the Olympics was gonna happen there 😂 hopefully the signs and stuff will stay!
Bulls medical staff misdiagnosing again, what else is new
Given it looks like a cotton field, it feels a bit more sinister than that.
You can't just assert that something came from nothing, you need to provide evidence for said claim.
Yes, we no longer have the necessity to eat animal products. Thus the only difference is pleasure.
Thanks for the clarification, appreciate that.
Our branch will be closed this Sunday, 9/25, in honor of the IRONMAN 70.3 happening in Downtown! Come cheer on race participants!
Welcome to playoff hockey
I think it has more to do with them deriving a sense of identity from work. Remove the work and what remains?
Love when the run away joke always ends up with someone who isn’t funny ruining it
Wanted something more on Imperius Angiris Wrath ulti at lvl 20... :'( Nice buff to Valorus Pursuit though!
Lazy as hell
That AK47 leave your spine with a frown
Never forget when [NAME] almost knocked [NAME] out
Praise the [NAME]
*sigh* just take it ⬆️
If Wacky Races kept on going it would have 100% adult viewers
Yeah i checked her teeth out and they are okay. I was worried about that as well
Nah man, there's still no worse feeling in the game than getting frozen by [NAME].
Your old enough to call the police. Don't let him put hands on you again.
Even on steroids of all kinds in high doses there is no way that this is done in 16 weeks
I'm so surprised they haven't done it yet tbh!
Okay just thought it would be a good idea.
I will, thank you!
Same. Gives me the attention and love feelings that humans have failed to give
The nightmares I'm going to have tonight would like to thank you in advance.
Uh-a... Everyone is so righteous from the comfort of a couch. I wonder how cults and terrorism exist if everyone is so awesome.
Bruh you don’t belong here
Crash. We should stop calling them "accidents" because they rarely are. Crash implies, as it should, blame.
Never heard of #CaraCaraOranges until today. Very #tasty! I highly recommend them! #delicious #GoodForYou #fruits  #oranges #caracaraoranges #tasty #delicious #goodforyou #fruits #oranges
`` I went to put my hand in my pockets and realised what they'd done.
Evening all. Don't forget it's #RobinHoodHour TONIGHT 🏹\n\n #bizitalk #bizhour #southyorkshire #MansfieldHour  #sheffieldHour #NottsHour #robinhoodhour #bizitalk #bizhour #southyorkshire #mansfieldhour #sheffieldhour #nottshour
Remember the year “Song 2” was number 2? Good times.
this is awesome
Thank you. I’m sorry that happened to you.
This needs to be a series. Start a series. For the love all that's holy on reddit, please...make a series.
Or embalmed! Green burial is the best burial
Sir that is a popular opinion. I'm too afraid of what sort of trade will happen to want one.
> As long as they dont bother people or start a mess. When are they not?
He is good! Funny thing is, a lot of the religious dogmatics in his videos remind me of certain IT posters.
[NAME] is so rational, I’d just cry really hard if my parents spent all my college money 💰
Yikes that made me tense up. Not sure I was breathing. 10/10. Very painful looking
You admit to discrimination based on your personal criteria. Say no more.
I cant think of anything funny to say so upvote to give me free karma
One period? Damn you think it would last that long
HUGE difference! SO important! Amen sister.
This may be one of the most hipster things I’ve ever seen. 😂 #NewNashville #newnashville
If you’re talking about 玛雅, I checked and they’re permanently closed. It’s a shame since the location would have been perfect.
ok, im sorry
She looks so pretty in that photo.
Awesome i already havr an will definitly not be doing it in the future thanks for the advice.
By the time we left bloomingdales I could have collapsed but I genuinely think I was numb from the horrific pain in my feet.
The glass used in this vintage is extremely exquisite
I feel like this is from Shitpostbot 5000
@Pharah_Amari [Reyes snarled in frustrated anger, steel claws flexing dangerously. But she uttered those damning words, it seems to snap --
ITS MAM!
Can’t believe no one said [NAME] when she slept with [NAME]!!! I love [NAME] and I felt personally betrayed. Wish they never reunited.
I think they were always pretty but less visable pretty because being overweight can alter the face.
remember when he scored 4 tries in a game? that was cool
Must be sad that you waste your time idolizing "Pros" and being a absolute poser in front of your freinds
Another fun fact: i am afraid
This is sort of wholesome in a weird way
I feel genuine sorrow for your family having to be associated with a cretin such as yourself
Why would you need to take his phone or car? He can get a job or move out.
Witness me, I will ride historic, dusty and lacquered, on the country road
Pretty sure neither team wants this, it's a BS rumor
Too greasy.
My wife is a rams fan. I don’t like them, but I think I like them more than the patriots lol
While we watch the private form of Operation Chokepoint with Patreon, it's bizarre that people don't believe this stuff is real.
that's the spirt! *come to the dark side my child, embrace your hate*
Gotta mention our Chinese teacher—after nap, TV shook, she bolted fastest. Whoever says heels can’t run, I disagree!
They literally don’t have enough time on the planet to regret their actions.
@itskaiouji Noooo, Sunbae-nim! Don't tease me like that- 😤
Outwardly projecting someone you aren't internally sounds exhausting. Hopefully coming on here will provide some form of relief for you.
What's there to disagree on..... it's pretty apparent
Oh awesome! I didn't even notice your name until now lol
Sick comeback. Not really a dirty combo other than the unblockable.
haha, she doesn't support me for whatever reason. lol you got problems bro. open your ears and shut your mouth
He rambles like a lunatic and she focuses on being called “not beautiful” of all things. Lol Uh oh I hear the downvote train a-comin’!
Why is it an issue getting him off the 40-man roster? Just put him on the 60-day DL
Excellent projection. 9.5/10.
Finally some good vibes in this sub, im happy for you man!!
I meant it's a sign to others that he is a crypto-Nazi. My bad, I wasn't clear.
Not his fault [NAME] got butterfingers.
"YOU BUNCHA BASTARDS" is one of my favorite quotes hahaha
Yeah that's where my eyebrow went up. The liability issues alone would make it a non-starter.
After she threw me out I had to sedate her. With a damn horse tranquilizer.'
I noticed that too. How cute.
Haha, small world, I live/work in the Twin Cities already! 😂
...and today will be like any other day. We aren't here to interfere with you.
Damn. [NAME]
If you can get out to Banff, I highly recommend Nourish Bistro. Incredible vegetarian/vegan food... even meat eaters like myself love it!
I just wanna know why there's no outrage for black on black crime and no one knows those victims but BLM is out to kill cops based on media
To be honest, I have complete sympathy for this woman and she needs help, not prison.
#SIGUEMEYTESIGO #happy #snapchat Manuellynch99 #venezuela #siguemeytesigo #happy #snapchat #venezuela
Your 17. End of conversation. You don’t love him
S. we're just visitors in the twilight zone, a different time and space dimension, do do do do.
I always laugh at the statement above. "Qualified to give a urine sample?" "Huh?"
[NAME] also played terrible. It’s only the past couple of games has it started to click.
There's zero defending [NAME], he's worse than [NAME]
Thank you for contributing your weird suggestion, I love it.
Ours came today too :). We got 22 hbu?
This is uncomfortably lame
This helped me put together some of my thoughts after watching last night, especially how vanilla and ineffective [NAME] looked. Thanks for taking the time to write this out
Luv ya too buddy 😝
Don't you have a cashier to hassle somewhere? Go find something without a price tag and then tell them "I guess it's free!"
Sitting at home drunk waiting for my tech to charge so I can sit out back and listen to music lol
Ahahahahahaha!!
I know one time I mixed stuff up and posted the slashes instead of the asterisks to italicize. Oops.
That's no excuse.
My wife is going to hate me for laughing my ass of when I tell her this later. Worth it!
and i shouldve cut them off the moment i started hurting myself over them :o
He didn't "die". The dude behind pink guy doesn't want to continue being pink guy
"PPG Paints" arena or whatever it's called now is worse
Or just some kind of pushback. Your best player getting injured on a questionable play; no physical retribution; getting shutout - pick 2.
Reminds me of "It's your city!" back in The Flash 2X08.
@easyJet Hi folks. Flight is going to be over an hour late departing from INV (EZY864), how do we go about getting a refund please?
Thankfully I had supportive and patient friends, lol.
I crossposted it at it said it hadn't been crossposted yet *shrug*
I love the Justice Democrats so much
Shadowbanning me isn’t good policy either
I'm still sick, my nose is sore from blowing it all day, and it's wicked hot in the apartment.
I watch Amyah throw temper tantrums when she gets mad at something and I'm just like damnit that is me and I can't do nothing but laugh 😅
That's awesome to hear :)
I'm literally screaming.
I fail to see the downside of that.
Legend has it the whole thing was filmed in a bath tub using rubber sharkies.
Because it was a perfect illusion, but at least now I know what it was.  #ladygaga #iscalming#mysoul #ladygaga #iscalming
“The immense importance of football is sometimes scary. When you don’t win you are responsible for so many unhappy people.” - Arsene Wenger
I'm just glad they'll chill out in the main sub, they were swarmin.
Look at that smug look on her face... Almost looks like she's saying "tell [NAME] it was me"
Wait wait wait... did [NAME] go 61-27??
OMG - you're my freakin' hero. And your last post had me absolutely weeping with laughter.
>it seems everyone is doing that now and I hate being One Of Those Women™. Wait- can you unpack this a little for me?
Could be to lead the police on the wrong trail to delay being caught
Shivering caused me to tense up, which caused my hips to keep cramping in charlie horse fashion.
That is not a snake its a tree, it looks like some sort of beach tree to me.
They never cared who I was until I put on the sunglasses.
When he said, "IT'S CALLED RESPECT" and gritted through his teeth-- wow, he is just waiting to let his hands fly.
When you walk through the door to a cuppa ! #bliss #bliss
People are idiots! No one should shame [NAME] for doing her job as a mom! Shame [NAME] instead for putting her kids' life in danger!
Dont wait, or say a single vow.
You know a giant lady as a character would be very interesting in my opinion.
Thank you, I know you’re right, I’m just overthinking for sure
Okay, thanks!
Wow. That is shockingly uncool.
I haven't defended trump whatsoever, you're completely missing my point
Gotta love jetpacking.
Just make sure you don't go too far and get a 17hmr!
Canada here, yup..... gods damned homophobic leftovers.
@Bell @Bell_Support Cancelling home Fibe, Internet and TV this afternoon - as soon as I can arrange alternate Internet. 2/2 #angry #fedup #angry #fedup
Chyna didnt respond to rob cus she knew damn well she was plottin. But i knew he hurt her deeply with that revenge porn
I wasn't digging it and then [NAME] did her spiritual spacewalk. I almost walked out.
@kylegriffin1 It's disgusting. #sick  #sick
This is why I could never work in construction
I wish to join you on the search, as a source of motivation and friendship (sorry if that kinds led you on)
Shhhhhhh ... It will be ok, honey.
No, [NAME] is dating [NAME]
Someone just vandalized this poor guys car in the target parking lot lol
THANK YOU!!! I’ve been trying to figure out his name
Trial result #sadness #sadness
@Blewberry02CP Content updates provoke that income.
Guessing a lot of families are back from holidays and the kids are smashing the online gaming and streaming services.
yeah i heard the therm used before but not in the same context as this one.But here it just makes me burst out laughing
@MoonPendent13 One of my friends has a fear of mirrors because he tried to summon Bloody Mary, and he thinks she's going to pop up any time!
I said I'm curious to see how many women would do it.
Honestly, this would creep me out a bit.
India wants to #shake #hands with # pakistan ..... but as usual pakistan #cheat with every #indian \n\n..........shameless pakistan #shake #hands #cheat #indian
Man that dude seems to be having a blast at the character select screen. I'm so hyped, where do I sign up?
Are we seeking attention? Waaaaaaaaaaaaah!
I still can't believe [NAME] actually gonna be in Smash.
I didn't say remain was left wing. I said the E.U acts as a buffer against the most insane and cruel Tory policies.
There's nothing interesting here besides of retweet for follow #annoyed 😣😣 #annoyed
I've realized after more than 100 hours that you can dismount a horse without jumping off
Its a tough thing, but our government NEEDS to be downsized drastically. I just hope the affected employees have help with the transition.
Ahhh more and more selfish
Oh trust me, I thought of that - but I felt as though the phallic shape would cheapen the resemblance to feces
Can we all agree to stop lending credibility by calling tiny fringe groups like these "movements"? There are dozens of us! DOZENS!
You’re doing a fantastic job at keeping things together. Have faith that you’re on the right track, and things WILL work them-self out.
This is the video that finally got me to watch the pilot just to see what stupid thing [NAME] will do.
If you’re concerned about [NAME], then you must still be concerned about [NAME]. WAR over last 2 seasons: [NAME]: 4.8, 3.1 [NAME]: 4.0, 3.6
Df1 masterrace. Noctis on 3 bar is bullshit though.
Irrelevant, actually You're both talking about different things
That ice is dangerously thin for such a hot take.
All this doom and gloom! We scored from open play again! And only conceded two this time. #progress they means a 1-1 draw on Saturday for me #progress
Sounds magical!
And why isn’t it ranked average, Bayern are second most average but ranked 4th for most supported, cmon now they just had less games....
Drag em to one
Sometimes I wish he read mine
But where is the center of the Overton Window?
Sure but you gotta still be attractive. Something tells me that dude in the thread was an unattractive neckbeard.
I believe I have just sent you an invite
What kind of dog is this?
@Cigna bows out for the moment. Rather than sulk, I'm going to @UCSF for an opinion from the guys studying #Oligodendroglioma. ✌️&amp; ❤️ &amp; 🍩's #oligodendroglioma
This is so sweet and it makes me so happy. But also so sad because I hate seeing families torn apart.
Let us not burden our remembrances with a heaviness that's gone.\n- William Shakespeare (1564-1616)\n#forge ahead.
@paulbushnell25 @EE bad news if ordered online it hasn't gone through same happened to me had to re order on the phone
Realize that all those feelings she had for you were lies. She is liar. Don't let her take up space in your head rent free.
One memorable example was the doubling space pen.
Is there a customer service number? If so, what is it?
Lol ya mom
i really like that! I'll start using it moving forward =)
That’s my luck. Lol
Now take this, cut out 100% of the killing and you have the Swiss Army.
well.. didn't have it when I was a kids but I like it now when it's served as side dish at beer bars.
Oh so it is a separate guy filming, it’s actually impressive how synced up their speeds are
this isnt really wholesome? he probably shot any gender of deer and didnt think twice about hunting does
Candice's pout gets more preposterous by the week. This week it's gone a bit Jack Nicholson's Joker. #GBBO #gbbo
Dennis day. I wanna see what the [NAME] would put the Gang through.
That's why I think we should clean house. No more leftists, no more whining.
I’ll be there later this year. Can’t wait.
Wow... congrats
Wait so the aboleth only kills you if you dont do what the dm says
It was the nationalists, not the crumbling Empire. The same Empire that protected palestine for centuries. Anyway I don't want to get into this debate.
This is irrelevant to what we were talking about.
Never will happen because of abortion legality. Party/religion over country
“He who is slow to anger is better than the mighty, And he who rules his spirit than he who takes a city.”\nP16:32 #bibleverse #pride #anger #bibleverse #pride #anger
Sorry lol, that’s left over from a lot of parenting and relationship subreddits.
$17 for 299 Mulberry? I paid $15 in cash last game.
Was he the only short guy you dated?
And I call them alcoholics who can't hold a relationship together
I was ok till that last one.
Can we put down weed bro? He’s faced too much suffering.
Good luck tomorrow! I had to go back last Wednesday. The only silver lining was that it was a short week.
Boy, I literally didn't expect anyone to respond to this. Thanks, internet! I feel a tiny bit less alone.
This was driving me NUTS!
[NAME] needs help!
A machine would literally do a worse job than him.
It's a [NAME] family tradition!
ya girl is #bitter #bitter
Shes a classy juggalette
I hope barely anyone watches it, it's so aggressive, full of cringe and makes him look childish
She's hot.
I thought she would run into an axe thrower and barely miss the axe!
It means less when you hear words come out of her foul mouth. Almost incomprehensible.
Ugh, what’s wrong with that parent’s thinking? For such a small kid, happiness comes first. If they don’t want to go, don’t force them. This video is pure torture for the child.
Another joyful encounter in Tribez &amp; Castlez! I just met Bartolomeo! Do you want to know who that is? Download the game and find out!
I'd love to hear someone argue in support of our current income inequality..
Yes, it does.
@maidinaustralia D: That's horrid. *hugs*
Based on what I've seen, all the INFJ girls seem to be blue-haired damaged moonquacks that got abandoned by daddy.
Its whatever you make of it. No one can tell you what it feels like except you, this is a journey you’ll have to take alone
Sometimes I watch shitty tv to reinforce never giving up cuz if something is that fucking awful on tv, I still stand a chance.
Uh, loved and lost, for sure. I’d like at least one pleasant memory to look back on.
That sub lost it's way a long time ago
Congratulations! We're all rooting for you! 💕📚
Honestly, I never let my daughter watch Boonie Bears or Pleasant Goat. No TV at home — she watches Octonauts and Wild Kratts.
Ladies go out and find a dorky nice and wholesome guy, there may not be many of us but we’re out there
Dream show how cisco 642-188 pdf melancholy: aHid
Oh, THAT. Yes I agree actually, I found that part rather malicious.
I can see it, the wig/bodysuit is very kalorie but the makeup is still 100% India
I'll try to stay patient.
Well you’ll have a lot more fun for these matchups. Can’t say much for the rest of the season
I can’t believe this blatant police brutality
Incendiary headline in the Stranger? check Ridiculous over-stated premise trying to create controversy out of very little fact? check. Must Be Mudede
As a non-religious that’s fascinated by [RELIGION], I love this 😅.
Thanks a lot. That will give me some things to google.
Passed a CR England driver last week who had his phone mounted in the middle of his windshield with video playing. Blatant retardism
They 'let themselves go' because they have to pick up the slack of their husband in the household and don't have time for gym/healthy meal planning anymore.
Correct, you eat to survive, but you you eat animals for pleasure.
I watched the whole thing. I miss that style of cartoon. Simultaneously silly and understated.
I thought it was that one! I recognize the shadow of the new highway arch and the forever construction signs.
My guess? Porn. PIED.
You have an amazing boss. You're so lucky.
@Jen_ny69 People will always get offended everyone's situation is different! Just because we have kids doesn't mean we have to settle
LMFAO now [NAME] is trying to pin it on [NAME] 😂
...not enough headphones for [NAME]? Also, [NAME] looks like a New [NAME].
Is that your quote? Either way, I'll add this to my collection.
I pray in the space I have inside my truck :)
The current way Boba works doesn't warrant his removal enough. [NAME] isn't technically broken, the way the target system works is.
I mean, I hope so. I bought his jersey, which would be embarrassing if he was out the league in two years.
Yeah that doesn't sound fun at all. I may just stick to the burbs.... Thanks for the reply.
I wasn't sure either. I'm 30 and my doctor has never said anything about getting retested or revaccinated.
Also the fishing has been terrible for a month now. I am about to take the 5 story jump my friends.
When someone tells you they're going to 'tear you apart' and all they have to say is 'why are you so tall?'
That POS was a hot piece of garbage when they popped the badges on it and rolled off it the assembly line
@DipstickDipper \n'It's alright!' She said cheerfully trying to make the moment fun
Stay on your feet Lovejoy
Haha! I love it. That’s exactly how it would go.
Thank you for an informative answer
Sorry, I misread
I bought milk and honey for its cover. ended up loving it anyway.
FUCKKNG PLEASE 🙏🙏🙏
I loved how [NAME] feels like everyone in the office is her family. Her relationship with [NAME] is so cute and innocent
> And I can’t blame you. Whyy? They are beautiful little bugs
it was audrey! I painted this painting 10 years ago. today I took it off my sisters wall and decided to give her a make over
A little too old to be skateboarding
You're getting downvoted because every one of your comments is condescending af
[NAME] combat is terrible and the only reason I don’t play it anymore
Smoooootthhhhhhh!!
I can't miss a chance to post one of my favorite gifs ever! 😂
@DemPhillyEagles @StonedPhillyFan @CraigfromCincy don't ever compare those scrubs to ben..he'll shake off your whole DL and throw a td #7 #7
intended is the word you're thinking of.
Right now I'm listening to Stand By Me, I'm liking it
Tuantuan really has the right values — whether or not you’re gifted, you must work hard. 💪 Most successful people combine talent and effort. Let’s keep working hard today! 💪
“Screaming outrage” you say? Project much?
what do you wanna bet [NAME] thought they meant "his" campus sexual assault info as opposed to everyones and just stalled to be safe?
this would work!!
I hate it too. But I will....
If you need to vent or anything, let me know. I'd be glad to chat or even just listen, whatever helps. Stay strong!
my good girl
I love how he said he was moving on and then didn't move on. Classic [NAME]!!
Completely valid point but [NAME] is better than anyone [NAME] had to work with.
Here’s the rest of the video.
>Is this battle the fate of the galaxy or not? If nobody else cares, why should we? Nailed it.
The ruling class doesn't care. Their only goal is to plunder and loot the country for their own financial gain.
You’re welcome! It’ll absolutely be worth it. And it’ll be fun! :D
I can't understand why Pepsi and Coke are the two most popular sodas. Or why fans think they're so different.
The antigen tests are inaccurate — several colleagues tested positive but only showed one line. Their PCR results haven’t shown since; probably they’ll only appear once negative.
TOLD YOU ALL, bravo
Can you believe it girls? [NAME]: 9 months ago I was in jail and now I'm a cabaret star
He was the best hitter in baseball 2017 ST. That's not a joke. What happened since is a few things, but he was.
$70... Now that's a good price!
I love listening to their votes and stuff. It's always so rowdy I love it
I didn't know [NAME] was a [NAME] Lord.
Depression sucks! #depression #depression
_Her mind is a #dark room,\nDeveloping #Madness  ♨😘 #dark #madness
What a charming puddle of smegma.
Good luck! It's a long road ahead for us :P i have a job interview next week and i'm going all in for it.
One of the 7 dwarfs is called happy
Because killing people is wrong?
I want to give you reddit gold but I’m poor and bad at money spending so have my love instead
Fair enough. I would suggest practice but it seems you've got that under wraps. Gd luck out there.
*oh gosh oh frick
@devlinjim @SophieLong01 What about Daniel 7:9? - his throne was like the fiery flame, and his wheels as burning fire.
@tcarrels  \nSo when exactly did you lose your mind, pal? \n #Trump #fraud #misogynist #liar #psychopath #narcissist  #conartist #trump #fraud #misogynist #liar #psychopath #narcissist #conartist
He is in [NAME] team. He bend a knee and give up the North because fall in love with her. As script said.
Holy bait-and-switch, [NAME]. I’m so sorry, that has to be incredibly stressful to have to be around and deal with.
But none would be surprised if it is morphe
Astrology and asttonomy used to be the same thing. The scientific aspect diverged and got renamed to astronomy to distance itself from the bullshit.
I'd piss right on their floor. Fuck this.
It’s a joke.
"My [NAME], protect the precious" *HISSS* r/gamegrumps right now
I love your username
If someone asked me, “what truly stood out to you as a memory from this year,” my mind would be completely blank.
Thanks for the support
Mine did too
Mom-emotions are always heartwarming and honest but dad-emotions make me tear up. Fuck
Should I say (sent to all) after I say snap back to snap more?
The people who say "He/she doesn't owe you an explanation" have a skewed perception in my opinion and may even be people who enable such behavior.
Returning home is going back to one’s roots, out of longing for family — how is that “malicious”? That accusation is truly hurtful.
Unless you're trying it with dollarstore shit, don't risk wasting the money. Just enjoy it.
Oh the irony of the sweater she's wearing.
I’m not a detective, but I don’t think it was her.
0.5% of his customers are identifiable prostitutes. Yeah that's not real common at all. I'd say 20% or more makes it common.
That leader’s statement is outrageous! “Isolate first, detain later”? Does an admin official outrank the judiciary now?
I’m so happy for them. I hope he drowns in a puddle of bacon grease.
Very good fight. The red head above the M is hot and very distracting.
He really do be like that.
Yes used to b bad into oxys been clean from any painkiller is 5 years beside subs
Genius here thinks I'm a mod. *grabs popcorn*
Almost like being in Love by [NAME].
Their sound is totally different, but there are some dark poly-rhythmic grooves on Polygondwanaland that remind me of Tool in a huge way.
Everybody clap your hands 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏 Sliiiide to the left. 🕺
i brush my teeth at least twice a day.
Damn thats so cheap
Actually its "lots of partners = less likely to form a bond", yknow, because children.
[NAME] saying [NAME] is already the best shooter on the team got my hyped too
Is River Rock not just filtered tap water?
They might not, but their proxy acts otherwise.
LOL, you’re a good sport. In all seriousness pretty cool picture.
The bathroom on the first floor at my school had no soap dispenser, a destroyed toilet, and toilet paper so long it left the bathroom.
I really want a WW1 [NAME]. It would be amazing.
Do something you’ll love and you’ll never work a day in your life? Huh, strange
@lesyoung01 a rabid dog being ridden by the child who has eaten all the flesh off one fellow and the limbs of the other adults.
>i don't feel so good (mister [NAME]). r/unexpectedspiderman
Yup that game was where I was like we have to draft him!!!!!
Group of guys with full auto guns? Na, bow and arrow guy wins again!
Thanks, no idea why that would be removed.
Super curious, commenting to check in.
Not really the same, but we're the most vulnerable type to be on the spectrum. That explains why autists often appear as savants.
Not exactly the cream of the meme crop there. And on a personal note I don't think ironically bad memes are funny.
Don't worry - Twitter isn't the only place I (or they) browse.
Thank you. I have been watching a lot of porn lately and jerking off more and i think that helps. How are you doing?
You don't have a point. Yes there are aspects of crypto that is confusing. Getting confused between buying BTC or BCH is not one of them.
Have a look at the decks from the latest weplay tournament and if there’s anything you like the look of.
I’m glad he’s gone from Detroit, but good on him for being a professional on ESPN.
F I had one for a few years. Good times.
Your future self hides in today’s effort. With passion, mountains and seas flatten, everything becomes scenery.
You described my life!!
It’s 2019 and I still don’t know who [NAME] is
You’re right. My biggest pet peeve is the lights, it washes out all the colors and textures, I hate that BGs use them
it's two am and we pull up to what looks like a small house party.
Will provably be downvoted into oblivion but you could have used *people* instead of *monsters* and have the point remain intact. Edit: Probably*
Love how he stops and embraces the pole.
@Malkarii_ Korgoth of Barbaria for brutality, King Julian for hilarity, and Ariel... Because hot...
Fuck Up would be more appropriate. Fuckin marketing wankers.
For those wondering: that appears to be a sycamore. It's one of the biggest tree species in the eastern USA.
Love this, and the comments are great, thanks for sharing.
Nope. Sadly early 30s
I wish bojangles was nation wide, why isn't bojangles nation wide?
This just proves you put the bone there, I'd actually be impressed if you showed him putting the bone there
Fiction isn't an opinion, it's a story
Hello from America! Tell [NAME] I said 'hello,' as well!
Thank you! They made me stay six days. It was not fun but it made me finally realize I need to work harder in therapy
A year ago I said that this continuous ISO by Houston is disgusting to watch. It s still disgusting.
Saame god I try to picture myself as a more attractive version of myself if that makes sense but it's all just fantasy :(.
Eagles fan here. is this goalpost an old meme here? or was it due to recent circumstances?
The building with a castle on top of it would be my childhood depiction of the Renaissance tower
it's also impolite to talk on the train
[NAME] i hope you're watching this game very closely. do the right thing
I think we need to start coming to grip with the true that TWOW and the series will not be completed.
$20 too much
Disney World/Land or NYE at Time's Square have always made me nervous.
Definitely the current worst, hence 20 actually buffs coming her way.
That would be abused so hard.
"I'm not going to date him...I love him to death." -[NAME] in the same sentence
Omg [NAME]! One of my favorite bb players
I don't know why anyone would willingly live in an HOA.
This shows that the phenomenon of “power above law” truly exists. Detention shouldn’t be decided casually. When epidemic control is tied to positions, many people over-enforce rather than act scientifically.
There is no way that happened, dialogue is too coherent to be Scottish.
Nice try my guy.
@Orrible_Ives I didn't say anything bad about the situation great mate, can't believe some were. Makes me despair of humanity
I am not a competent till member, I am an ignorant member of the public.
You're not my real mom. I don't have to listen to you. Just because my dad loves you doesn't mean that I have to!
A night where depression is winning... #depression #fml #help #depression #fml #help
This is blatant racism and harassment of minors. These people need to be fired.
I don’t even like [NAME] that much but she completely failed to engage with his work critically. Her interpretations of his arguments were shockingly poor.
THE IMAGE ASKS "WOULD YOU VIOLENCE THIS BABY IF BABY WORE HAT" THE ANSWER IS "NEH"
I'd buy this and use the "wash, dry, fold" setting exclusively. Sounds great to me.
I think only Germany would have this kind of organization skills. Source: Know 2 Germans. Am therefore expert.
That fascist bigot!
At least it's ok in public & around children.
Op literally listed the OS requirements. Those are fairly current operating (last Gen more or less) systems are they not?
No I'm saying you can't love someone else if you don't love yourself. ...
Dream market is also down for me in the USA
look up hypersexuality, it's tied with BPD but not every pwBPD experiences it
Excellent jobs, young men!
Don't worry... I'm on this. I'm using the non business days to cool off and figure it out. Visiting an attorney Monday morning.
Considering most people voted for their candidate purely out of hate for the other candidate does that even matter?
Not that I fully disagree but this seems a lot more like a rant that you want people to back you up on rather than a genuine question.
@AOLUK @JamesHayr @TheDrum Anychance of addressing the communication I sent to you yesterday??? I still haven't had any contact #shocking #shocking
The black beans were there hidden within the rice!! :) gotta love those legumes
Are you still sitting in the car right now?
She's getting younger and younger. Which wouldn't be that big of a deal if this post didn't exist
Oh, and I noticed an odd effect from eating ripe honeydew melon; this raspy, raw feeling in my chest, like a cold was coming on.
Congrats. But that’s a new level of oblivious. Sheesh.
The mom looks like my great aunt when she was younger.
My producer is mixing and mastering the songs now for #murky #notebook #mixtape\nThe tape will be out soon for free download 🔥🎶💨💯 #murky #notebook #mixtape
That’s pretty amazing. You made me smile for sure today man. Cheers on a talent and a great setup.
@mayusteapot Ok, what I'm doing is better than that 😆
Haha, this is awesome, this sub is usually full of terrible stories, it's great to hear a nice one once in a while.
I wonder what would happen if I were to tell some people the truth #savage #uhoh  #savage #uhoh
Even worse: "Share something interesting about yourself." Suddenly I become the most boring person ever to exist.
Damn you really love using name calling as a crutch don’t you?
Having read the entire article, and some of the other FAQ, the only thing this is telling is that [NAME] read the same book very differently.
dude people here can be assholes. there’s nothing wrong with taking a break.
I drive for a living so I have a pretty high-end camera that captures license plates!
It's probably because your posts are extremely dumb and bigoted
Alright. I’ll do that. I just don’t want to fail the cdcs you know thank you.
That uncle was awesome.
Bloody hell Pam, calm yourself down. But could have sworn something black &amp; hairy just ran across the carpet, #perilsoflivingalone  #perilsoflivingalone
I feel ya man. Stayed up to prestige and now I can’t sleep anyways.
I honestly miss [NAME]
Yeah, but ask how many people know who [NAME] is and how many people know who [NAME] is.
group wasn't bad. Edit: Unless you're talking home rentals then my bad.
I'm finding it hard to distinguish "discuss the merits of conspiracy theories" and "debating" those theories.
I love [NAME] at the net
Happy to see that you're in recovery
It's not even the ads. It's the complete lack of anything worth watching between the ads.
I just shit my pants. Then walk away. Embarrassing enough he won't press or follow you.
Damn dude, nice delts
yeah fuck you too okay
Ok just making sure i was confused
Hah haha ha hah ha I am going to use this one now.
These edits are retarded. Why do people get so giddy for internet points.
Hes no even scared of em anymore 😂
Besides it being hard and fucking up your kettles, irons, hair and taps?
I can’t tell who you’re referring to.
This aged poorly
Well one would believe they have learned their lesson regarding nuclear
It's shaped fine. It fits her. It looks great and I'm jealous.
That was a joke omg
Always travel when you get the opportunity, you will never regret it, you will only regret not doing it.
I’m sure losing obj will help [NAME] get out of his slump, or help develop whichever rookie qb they bring in.
lol this is nothin. I go on reddit to hear myself be right
Find a girl who loves you *and* your eye holes.
@lhbrown1990 @Jimcummingsacme I'm afraid to look!
Sounds great! Thanks!
It’s such a good show tho
Don't even bother with him lol. He's a mindless sexist, doesn't believe facts at all lmao
What comment.. When he said I dont think so, or when he realized he was on TV then said I cant say
I make my cows super stronk.
How could I not? These actors...I love them. Their faces give me joy, hope.
Nice melt bra
Tell him he should get a divorce.
hay guyz let's all hang around in a chat room about old pictures and masturbate in a circle with smug looks on our carb bloated faces
Stay safe guys
It’s been over 20 years since I rode the 15. I’m still traumatized.
I want a sense of progression and accomplishment in overwatch, something golden guns and skins dont give me anymore :)
What does she want? No sex with you! Your giving up which is what she wants! She wins and you lose. Pretty simple!
Had a stroke reading these.
Sure hope #4 includes subsidized housing. I'm terrified. #4
you too! And I'm glad to hear you support your daughters rock/fandom love:)
Some very fine, well developed grade school humor right there.
if you're unhappy with someone just fucking tell them you're unhappy and leave. Don't go fuckin around with other people on the side
The lady with the suction thing kept getting it stuck on my tongue so it made this weird duck noise, which made me giggle nervously and delay the entire procedure.
Thanks! It is too bad we can't suddenly age [NAME] and [NAME] a year or so.
I was too mad to continue with the second episode lol I see now that he's married and think HOW?
I've had 1, 2, and 4 said to me. I'm completely done at this point.
Well he hasn’t dont anything good ever. So sorry I’m not very excited about this trade.
[NAME] was the [NAME] of the [NAME] years. Didn't realise he was still about.
Having long good chats with brother about stuff, got clear boundaries set, thanks all
This game looks way too fast for the Oilers rn
Send your cutest delivery boi!
My balls are telling me it’s a 2nd, but I like the feel of your balls lmao
Wall St is scared of the 2020 Democratic primary.. Good!
Woah... I'm shortsighted and I can get 2 pairs of glasses for €149. $500 is insane!
If they are suffering immense pain, I doubt watching Endgame is high on their list of priorities
I love cops and military. I just want them privatized.
Really.....#Jumanji 2....w/ The Rock, Jack Black, and Kevin Hart...are you kidding me! WTF! #ThisIsATerribleIdea #horrible #jumanji #thisisaterribleidea #horrible
No man don't you see!? People just change genders all the time and celebrate how fun it is! ^^^/s
[NAME] I miss [NAME]. Still is and always will be of my favorite players.
My friend’s kid also attended early education — no elders to help, both parents working, so daycare helps. It’s not “anti-human,” at least somewhat useful.
Twilight... STILL a better love story than The Last Jedi!
I'm confused
@alyankovic I really wish I could attend the show at RCMH. I'm there in spirit, cheering you and the dudes on! :)
Imagine spending the day having to hear excuses from people slowly killing themselves. He's too kind.
Your opinion doesn’t matter enough to me to trigger me :)
After what just happened. In need to smoke. #burning #burning
Season 3 onward, pretty much anything with [NAME] makes me laugh. My fav character for sure.
Yes, they seem to want open borders. Which is silly. They don’t want actual border control.
[NAME] will love [NAME]. I wonder what the deal will look like if it happens.
This definitely seems like medical advice is needed?
And without even stopping to think about it, I tuck one of those boxes under my arm and go back to the living room.
Someone may have mineswept it after we left for all I know...*shudders thinking about it*.
It is. Something I've wondered about many times
Don't use gay as an insult.
She’s like a kewpie doll with them. Precious.
¯_(ツ)_/¯ I think its cool.
Maybne it dropped omg.
Cafe hopping today! At the third one now. Might be too much coffee for me in one span though.
I always wondered how testicles sound when popping.... hoping that it would never happen to me.
He looks like he has entered the ultimative stance of mind
You're being a total narc, bro. You're so narcoleptic.
Eh happiness is just a fleeting fish in an ocean of emotion. You can catch it a few times but dont expect to live off it.
Imagine my shock
McDonalds without sauce is just sad... you take away my garlic mayo and my barbecue sauce and you take away my soul
Also not true. Germany had pervasive antisemetism long before [NAME]. Ignoring that error your argument is horrible and you should be ashamed.
That's a bit violent...... But then again I'm a [NAME] so whatever
I'd be honored
I was expecting you to say she put a piece of bread on your head and say "okay you're a sandwich
aren’t they ‘Staffordshire Bull Terriers’,commonly called,Staffies in Europe?
I didn’t know it was gonna be that simple Forgive me [NAME] :D
I hope thats true.
*Dread it, run from it* *[NAME] still arrives*
Great work brother!
Great game! Got more intense as it went on.
As a contractor this is a huge nono. If it's not on paper it not on your wall either.
I'd actually really like to see the numbers.
“Dyslexia is the affliction of a frozen genius.”― Stephen Richards
That would be so nice to see
Nah. Enjoy your free food
@ExaltedCaptain reality in the form of endless tragedies. She didn't know how to react at first, being too frightened to repeat another--
The stranger crosses the finish line first; the crowd goes wild!
There are people worse than him out in the world right now. He has praised many of them them on numerous occasions.
Snow scene ❄️ — I often stay up late, my liver’s weak, so can you call me “little heart”? Though ordinary, we can still shine like stars — Qinglin Zhichu ✨
Don't hesitate to do it.
I pray the chains that make this life hard are broken by gods power and you are freer with each day!
Instant fucking turn off, ugh. Fuck us for wanting equality across the spectrum
This blows. But I think [NAME] can do it alone if he gets a home health care assistant.
No chance unless he smokes out of a gas mask or suffers a bad injury.
> weird ass-coments *** ^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^xkcd#37
No real man would allow his woman to be even looked at by someone else, let alone allow another man to have sex with her
[RELIGION] is indian tho lol
Can these guys just pick a team in the AL and go there??
Hi, [NAME]! I am stopping by to wish you the best day, and the best year! -HappyFriendlyBot
It's less about what actually happened. What's done is done. I just want her to know why sexual exclusivity was so important to me
Don't know why anyone would need more explanation than this video
So clearly you have vast knowledge of linear algebra and can fact check the entire paper Nd disprove it?
Our education system has been a complete and utter failure...
You know, you make inroads, do 5 points better each time. Few cycles down the lane you have a tossup on your hands.
Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes finally  ; B joyful an funny/dont boss/dont argue/do everything with kids/go on mini car trips/ focus on love
Without even talking about diabetes, you really must be an asshole to celebrate overeating and call it "progress"
Opposites attract! I thought the same thing when he helped her cook Thanksgiving.
No. That's something you can't prove unlike American support to KCK.
Thank you. It happened suddenly. Near the end of the game.
@MarkTOByrne I offered @WholeFoods @amazon @CheapAir gold or silver but they said Nah... #bitcoin #snap #bitcoin #snap
Ohhhh now I get it Omg I'm so stupid
Lol! Great question
I agree with all of this except for [NAME]... he wasn’t really all that bad of a guy, [NAME] needs to take his spot.
He's manipulating you by using his mental illness as an excuse for his behavior. He knows what he's doing too.
Cut rent control, then increase own housing allowance. Because fuck everybody else, am I right?
Oof thank you
What if I told you that [NAME] and his supporters don't care about security. They just want to keep brown people out.
lol, yes. But last time I posted, a lot of people were complaining there was no audio. So I mentioned it in title.
Everyday for the last year and a half has been very hard and I should be glad she's gone. I'm almost there.
Music and getting outside really helps me, even if I’m not sober. Cheers.
Some #people already talks about #Halloween \nYou'll get some #dark #music to go with it\n#gothic #bloody #HalloweenHorrorNights #people #halloween #dark #music #bloody #halloweenhorrornights
I feel fantastic
*[NAME] jumps out of window
I think so. It’s one of my favorite [NAME] characters and a fun trilogy. At that price point I think it’s really worth it
2 days on.......never a fucking pen!!!! #nffc #bitter #nffc #bitter
You can't reason with some people. This person said people call 911 (emergency number) when they see his face.
Thanks! I'll work on this next time!
Hmmm Then it becomes about the wording of proposing to have dinner together, doesn't it..
Yeah I should rephrase. If you are from *anywhere in the world* and you are a [NAME]...
Yeah, fuck you for enjoying music! I'd love to see your collection.
TFW RIGHT IS LEFT AND LEFT IS RIGHT
I have never had so many heart attacks..
Because of your @smile, you @make the #life more #beautiful::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: #life #beautiful
Wow dude. That's the clumsiest promotion I've seen
Really hoping they move into the empty restaurant next to Nona Mia’s on Esplanade
I’m anti theist. That’s as supportive as I could have gotten. Haha
Bruh cake happy day
>For someone that has never really watched the show or read the books that much What?
The feeling of betrayal could be one of the worse pains ever. Hope one day this will pass man.
I hate freaking out and ruining things.
that's not what he's saying at that part
Dont try to force her out of it. She will (probably) turn on you before she turns on him.
I heard [NAME] makes someone his bitch on a usual basis. Anyone remember how often?
I like Abram wayyyy more that Rapp. I hope we can snag Abram so we can use our first two picks to fill other holes.
Someone needs to tell Candice she'll be stuck with that shitty pout if the wind changes. #GBBO #gbbo
I love that [NAME] knows to have both hands visible in the photo with that young girl. Better safe than sorry.
Yeah what a great sport!
I swear my heart halted for a split second before sprinting.
For you, the day the bison frolicked in the snow was the cutest time in your life, but for me...it was Tuesday.
He’s my pick. That fist!
stuff is incredible on fried chicken
Okay cool. Gonna drive home from the hospital.
Many a prick, as I recall. You could track them down but then it'd be pointless.
True but stranger things have happened.
The show paid for [NAME] surprise trip didn't they?
Facts and logic don't care about your feelings, antivax ***LIBTARD***
That sounds like a hot date. ;) I've never been, but friends say just order the cheapest food and enjoy the ambiance.
No mate. Don't keep in touch with any of them anymore.
Just get divorced and be roommates.‍♀️
This made me soooo uncomfortable yikes
As long as it doesn't feel as though my throat and tongue are swelling then there's not much to worry about I guess.
I pose you this question, "How do you know [RELIGION] is not the right religion?"
Stupid science bitch
Tackles aren’t flashy I guess 🤷‍♂️
No he was given a bad team to work with unfortunately, and never got the final shot he deserved :(
Thanks for the hug matey :)
He didnt play at all
And then they say, “HAHAHAHHA IT WAS RIGHT THERE WOW!”
BDS is a discriminatory bigoted hateful movement. It's not just "Oh, I disagree with some things that Israel has done."
Happy birthday 🎂!!
The joys of being raised by a child psychologist... Lab rat childhood...
READ HER!
Love the tilt away. "nobody will know what I'm up to".
Something I read once that I tap into often: The hardest thing I ever did was to forgive someone who wasn’t sorry. Peace to you.
We saw them last year from Baker Beach. So many whales!
The same reason that the two on the left look dead inside: They know what they are, and are wishing for the sweet release of death.
I made friend with one of these scammers. After speaking to me he quit his job at that company. We still speak regularly over whatapp and facetime!
I don't remember this song at all I had it on psp back then.
I love [NAME] but hate Royals and wow this version is so much better for some reason.
How is that sarcasm lol just feels like you’re backpedaling
[NAME] is just awesome. I have vacancies for long range adoptive grannies if she's not busy?
he is a very dangerous man
@Cassena13 I know if I wasn't an optimist I would despair.
[NAME] bless you. Some of us are barely hanging on...
Fair enough. I miss working meat
Damnnit! Gonna be 1400 pts shy on Chiefs Rewards of getting a post game photo.
Are you sure it wasn't just the six o'clock news? Its getting difficult to tell the difference these days.
I definetly love some epistemology!
Sorry *ss Crabtree is there so it's a possibility.
Deer needs to make a false injury claim and get paid did you see that fake I got hit jump it did?
What happened with [NAME] and [NAME]? I fell asleep!
You deserve it <3
I know, my dealer was doing bumps off his hand. Have some class
That is so creepy and scary. Imagine if he really was a Dr, and the only one available in your hmo.
Wait, apple and [NAME]? Please tell me these fools are all on windows phones
That bit and the "man eating chicken" bit are two of my favourite things in that movie.
Try Rescue Melatonin Strawberry gummies and Natural Calm in hot water. They saved my life.
I am whelmed
Friends for eternity! Loyalty, honesty!
Big, bad, doesn't care about lines, aaand i never keep em
Why not use one pick and get help needed to advance to playoffs rather get late 1st player who will be 2-3 away from roster ?
This seems like an excessive amount of work that I don't think (maybe I just don't know any better?) adds any value.
Sure, rape isn't caused by poverty. You can compare poor whites vs poor hispanics too.
& # x 26; nbsp; The rocks were so slippery and I kept bending my ankle between rocks.
I'm betting you're 100% right. 😊🍻
Messaging you as well.
Personally, I adore capitalism. But that's just me.
/s. There you go. I have magically inverted the meaning of my comment and removed all inconvenient truth from it
I’m broke, dealing with my own mental illness, and immediately concerned with just keeping the peace.
The real worst though is when she says, "I love you more" 100% seriously.
I'm 24 and still live at home.
death of fear is certain.
I had a young woman patient who was repeatedly found on the floor, naked and masturbating.
I became fixated and fascinated with abduction stories, with The X-Files, etc., for years.
[NAME] that was so awful I collapsed into a singularity
Is it barely going to start or did it already happen?
The only reason people are there is because they dont know [NAME] is fired lmao.
My man.
He’s also talking about pushing [NAME] in front of a train. Kid needs the old bill coming around for a stern chat.
Commentator on my stream saying the the clearing header was from [NAME]. Wasn't that [NAME]?
DDay was only a month ago...slow down. Get yourself healed up. Hang with friends. Read a relationship book.
Obviously has played on her mind for that long... glad she apologised
Ha. How funny He's the only geezer who thinks he's madness.
Yep. ~~(Also, I'm not interested in getting arrested so sorry.)~~
And you don't take delight in seeing the person you love in pain. Amen my dear!
*US MILITARY WANTS TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION*
While packing up our booth at CHA, I momentarily threw my back out.
It doesn’t help
Thanks for gping to the effort, but i would be surprised if he read it and gave it the chance he have trump. Pleasantly surprised, though.
Except of course that's not what I said. Autists like you like to live in a fantasy life.
Yep, all the mentally light-lifting folks will flock to that instead of her cautiously pushed out 70% tax rate.
[NAME] the people must be warned.
Mr. [NAME]! Nooooo!
Me thinks you’re responding to the wrong dude. My original comment couldn’t have beeen more drenched in irony.
Patience. Give it another day or so. Send a text telling her you enjoyed her company and wanna do it again. Hopefully she responds
Thanks. And wow! Nice burn.
Yeah well you’re a horrible [NAME]
Right behind the log.
Has he recieved "Consent of the Congree? Don't deflect, that was the Constitution not CNN.
... I bought this in highschool for 90 dollars....
that was a horrible mess with 3k skills
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @flydudern #lively #musically #lively #musically
It's a Falling In Reverse song, which makes it even more terrifying
3 and a half hour more 😤 #EXO #exo
incredible that anthony weiner has been caught chasing a busty milkmaid across a park at double speed while jaunty music plays
Same thing happened to me but for my dog, stocking up on noodles tomorrow to get through the next month.
How is the surf simulator open if the pool area opens in march?
I'm sorry to hear that things went down like that. Good luck with everything.
Exactly my point
@ddcl2519 @ABC not nice.  Wishing harm on another human being is deplorable.  Your comments show how human, and humane you are.
Still. He didnt have to go after that ball. Thats just his nature though, he doesnt give up. Hope its not very serious.
[NAME] was speaking as a man./s
Once you've accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you - @GRRMspeaking #quote #mentalhealth #psychology #depression #anxiety #quote #mentalhealth #psychology #depression #anxiety
Likely just a scam
There's no reason ever to get [NAME] breakfast tacos when you live in Austin.
Yeah I forget where I clicked from sometimes and accidentally upvote so I have to scroll back up and un-upvote lol
She has to learn to Let It Go.
Root canal therapy has had a bad reputation in the past... but new technology has allowed more comfortable procedures! #smile #dental #smile #dental
@Communism_Kills i get the subway melt and make sure it's only hearty italian bread... black olives are a must though
Just curious as to what got you called racist? Edit: Nvm. You post on the_donald... I can imagine.
Have you seen Lord's and Ladles on Netflix? It's not a competition, but the scenery and the little facts are super interesting.
Parents should at the very least monitor the childrens activity or put an adult block on the websites
And this young man wishes to be an athlete. That sort of strenuous activity would not be possible.
The man literally elevated any role he touches.
dude,,, same i cried today because i couldn’t go to the gym bc my foot was too swollen to wear shoes lol
OF COURSE IT WON FUCKIN PRETENTIOUS ASS FUCKING SLOW POINTLESS MOVIE OH BLACK AND WHITE WOWWWW
Even if you don't act on them, you still should stay away. It's not normal to fantasize about doing sexual things to children.
[NAME] is just pretending to be uncoordinated while he plots to end careers
They'll just confiscate it here. I remember I had a pocket knife in my bag that I forgot about. They just took it away.
I... can’t tell if sarcasm; because literally all of those positions involve cynicism.
I am so sorry to hear about your wife’s tragic injury.
See my other responses
Oh. My heart!
[NAME] isn't secretly homophobic he is openly homophobic
May the optimism of tomorrow be your foundation for today.
I miss him so much during the NCAA tournament.
[NAME] didn't want to win though. She got what she asked for
When that intro drops I get so into it and scare my cat
What do they mean attract teens? Every teenager is basically on it already
I do that on my boyfriend too haha, super soft and makes me feel safe! Maybe we are all crazy
[NAME] I wish that was me.
She night have a work permit that’s good for a year. Those usually arrive “earlier” than the green card.
I've been waiting to watch [NAME] die for a long long time. Sure hope that one is right.
Guess it's a good thing he cant feel them anymore
[NAME] - Holdin on. Check out his music because he is honestly amazing.
Will we see [NAME] as PM before that? We shall see
He looks like bob saget
I see a 14 day old reddit account angry at liberals.
[NAME] I hate this man
Thanks. I will come to you with all of my apple-related questions!
[NAME] doesn't know the pain of CHRONIC MASTURBATION though. So I think [NAME] has the right
Interesting what you said about the crew and better to fly solo than with people who bring you down. I'll remember that.
Guess it's more sad than creepy.
“How dare you use your breasts for their biological function instead of my enjoyment!”
But also: fuck the daily mail
I would not be surprised seeing as both picked up [NAME] and the other [NAME].
Why won’t your WeChat mini program refund me after return? The warehouse signed it, but no refund! The customer service keeps stalling — I’ll file a 12315 complaint.
cross post to /r/palestine they will love this
@RussellHartness @Mariners @BlueJays :  Wrongdoing!  Grrr.  After the fact, I know, but emailing displeasure now anyway .
Violating the law has never been a prerequisite for being charged with violating the law.
As opposed to becoming a U.S. citizen the illegal way?
Anyone remember Space Dandy? It was short and stupid, but the animation was great. Very tounge in cheek.
German accents are sexy!
We need more media coverage on the [NAME] abductions, and since the Alliance won’t do anything the BBC is our only hope.
It's "Lo and behold" just fyi
No, if the cat's going to escalate then he needs to as well. It's bath time.
😫 ughh I just want all this to be over.. it's like a nightmare! can we all just get along?
Such pretty kitties!
I hope all my muscles cringe so spastically all my joints come loose and I collapse into a writhing agonized pile of blood and meat.
Nobody here says 'excuse me' , it's 'sorry'
I love hearing other peoples stories about being high as hell watching drag race or being high on this sub. Y'all are my people.
Can't handle rude people. Doesn't matter what job you do, a consultant or not, treat people how you would like to be treated 😡 #disapointed #disapointed
He told you to handle it, you did. If he doesn't like it, he should've taken care of it.
Just Laying Here, Can't Sleep 4 Some Reason #restless #restless
Pretty dangerous for women, too. 40% of cops are domestic abusers. Stay safe.
I kill him before he kills me during the date
Ever seen Paris nowadays?
>Apple convienently provided an adapter. If they left the headphone jack, why couldn't I just use an aux cord?
Amid endless greenery, I found blue mountains; swaying in dusk, I was bathed in misty blue—and softly told him I like him.
I really like Funhaus
good luck my friend
That ladies and gentleman is an individual who has or will self-fellatio. So that’s neat.
Well I was trying to imply that *because* they hire trash writers like this, they *aren't* a respectable news organization.
[NAME] damn, I love astrology despite being the dryest, most scientific person on Earth... Amber the taurus made me lol.
Something is rotten in Deutschland.
SS: Collapse of the west, and re-birth, all in a beautiful video.
Well damn, sounds more reliable then shit like and all that
Say what? He has been playing for epsilon till now. Never seen some real accusations on him cheating. I think you should read some more.
Thanks, now I can get back to the actual content
I don’t *think* she’s awful, I know she’s awful. She has literally no redeeming qualities.
Idk what that means
Very interesting. Thx
But I'm not happy
Upvoted for visibility. Disapprove of the poll results.
So on some scale most poor people become wealthy? That is is the statement you made.
Doctor: “I have good news and bad news” Patient: “good news first” Doctor: “we’re naming a disease after you”
If you're on a budget, anywhere that's cheap.
He's saying he did very poorly though. "LOST ALL but 1 or 2."
Yeah, assuming what he said is true yes he has a chance, but it's hard to say for sure given the circumstances
Needed that. A [NAME] ridiculous play is a game changer
What is normal? It should be tho....
I really like [NAME] videos
But for a brief moment, my heart and mind started racing.
And I will eat the end of term chocolates we bought as well! #fuming #doesntdeservethem #mightbedead #fuming #doesntdeservethem #mightbedead
Agree! Publish both sides’ donation details! After resolving the case, close their accounts — fade them from public view! The hype is terrifying. Whoever disagrees must be hiding something!
Incels dont get laid regardless of age limits. Sorry dude
*We're allll in this together~*
It is a kayak
Hruska is amazing. Their sausage kolaches or I guess klobasnik have the best sausage I’ve ever eaten. It’s in Elliger, TX.
No idea man. Go check that one “study” done thirty years ago where you got that 40% from.
I mean China, India, and Pakistan have nukes and won't exactly take being exterminated lightly.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **3rd Cakeday** sryyourpartyssolame! ^(hug)
Thanks! There are so many resources available. Thank you for telling me about one that actually helped you
You're the one making a positive claim, give studies or shut up.
Srsly, mountains in Netherlands?
Well boys. I am going to actually be productive I think. [NAME]. You destroyed poor [NAME] spirit.
Hate when guys cant control their anger 🙃🙃
Nothing Liu Xin does surprises me — someone who could watch another die without helping is capable of anything.
The ideal is not to have hope but to act like you do. But if you must chose, pick the former.
@Arsenal Giroud's beard is making me angry.
Pedophile abuses kid. Kid grows up to become abusive. The Pedophile is blameless?
Manipulation. I love my mother btw, but this thing is insidious.
I knew it would be easy to trigger /r/movies peace out homies
Maybe if you live in America.
Intolerance of intolerance isn't intolerant my dude
No but I've been totally been meaning to I fricking love [NAME]!
yes i did, thanks for explaining
The power dynamics argument is one of the most ridiculous arguments ever - unless it’s someone who has a *direct* influence on your life or outcomes.
When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed. »Maya Angelou
When was this? Is it in opposition to the coup?
Agreed. Sadly, it's not uncommon enough, and it makes me sad because of the implications about mutual respect or the lack thereof.
Congrats!! If you don’t mind me asking: what country?
Love [NAME] more.
Yes sir ! Cheers. I miss typed I get #120 20mg. #120
Oh wow. Except gillette i haven't used aby P&G products in years
@MoneyJay901 hard to tell in your pic. My mistake then. Either way, nothing I said initially was about race. U took it there.  #ignorant #ignorant
Nope, don’t even know what dart is. Sorry. And thanks!
Did you just ask what's the point of posting a lazy and needlessly crass joke on Reddit? You must be new here.
People can't afford my products, i'm not selling anything. Issue for the producer to reduce price
I haven’t actually watched it. Who got featured?
Thank you for your service o7
bad acts at a reasonable price
Guilty as well!
Not sure but I imagine it's the liquid. The gel is just gelatin.
Why the downvotes?
Omg, I'm so sorry. I'm sending you love. That's horrible. :/ Are you doing okay?
I'm already a member :[NAME] Already posted it there too.
If money's not a problem for you and you badly need to get braces then go for it, the sooner the faster your teeth can get adjusted.
Marijuana dispensary ask for thc ditalite cartridges and they might have different brands but all of them are good
I hope you're pregnant, I'm not doing this anymore... Gx
That was so damn cute. She looks just like [NAME] and I bet it just melts his heart to see how mature that girl is
I was in the hospital two years ago and definitely had His help! My family saw some signs. It was very amazing.
Don't worry we'll just whip up a quick song!
Not any meaningful amount as far as I can tell. Although I’d love to be surprised
I am well aware of how immature and inconsiderate men are capable of being, but thanks for the reminder. Baby.
I opened my eyes.
It's legal...
> This sub looks like a rabid left-wing dumpster fire. It was bad before the election and then got far worse.
That kid acted in the comfort of the mob to intimidate that man.
Her throat’s hoarse from crying, and she still has to deliver? That’s truly pitiful… If you can afford a Mercedes, why not take care of your own kid at home?
If u see the show you would realize that swearengen it's motivating the journalist, everyone will run in to painful situations some give up, some fight back
My favorite band :) I recommend them to anyone who is looking for something new to listen to. Fun and unique. I love them so much.
if you know the names of your applications you can use spotlight to find them. 10 times faster than going through a folder or using launch pad
Once you love someone with a mental illness, you would do anything for that power to heal.
I have no idea, lol. Have my upvote.
a romantic one :)
The sad part is, they would do something like this. Totally obsessed with Green Bay instead of improving draft stock or the team.
Ignored it and it will be forgotten 2-3 months from now.
I want to learn about you, communicate with you.
A family friend was just found to have made this comment, I am interested to hear your thoughts.
If this gets put in a video, hi mom!
Whatever you do, respect the kids' genders.
Lol of course its a religion you stoopid carnist. True vegans pray to [NAME] every morning at 5:00 and have to face his direction while doing so.
Out of curiosity, what's wrong with the tribal casinos? I've been many in Southern California that were great, are the ones on Washington bad?
if it wasn't him it would be someone else she's wasting her life on
Well, shrinking of your d could be a motivation to quit porn.
How have you not seen this movie yet?
Plus you forgot the best part... I can hang my hands from an outer vest
This is what happens when you don't give the pyramid scheme a script.
Speaking of the weddings, [NAME] straight up stole [NAME] and [NAME] wedding. Not exactly wholesome.
What a hilarious joke... Comedy has basically become bashing.
Yep. It's pretty bad having to use work or a paid email and real name on a gaming forum.
The last book feels like a dream. It's ridiculously bad, imo
@RickHoffman_ And we are all so grateful for your perseverance! Happy Anniversary twin!
Haha so give it a try is what you are saying 😂😂
@1StevieKilner @KachelaMurray Don't be silly - she doesn't want to scare them off! 😆
You two seem nice.
Wrong person? Nothing I said could or should be construed in that way.
Yeah that is the consensus I got for sure. Looking for a new place to live lol
Meh good introduction. Sadly I am a pro philosopher so know all of this
[NAME] did say he still has a part to play, so hopefully we'll get to see more of him soon.
Their product’s quality is solid — what’s to complain about? Just showing an arm or leg in livestream isn’t “crossing the line.”
Rude to NXT. They need to just let her go. She hasn’t improved in over a decade, she’s never going to
Sushi is Japanese
Should have been bunch of whining abults
worst case of life is unfortunately apt here, eh?
I'm guessing [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] needs to remove that stick up her ass.
XD
That feel when you travel 700 miles to pick up a form that arrives in the post two days after you leave.
Thank you for your response!
Wait..whaaa? :D
Such lovely humans here. Have fun with that type of attitude
What do you mean? It would be the same code for every system?
This is so good!!
It's annoying. You always gotta give the other guy a chance. That's how MMA works
[NAME] really about to get a trip dub against us lol
And the new sword is kinda shitty, and not even a complete sword at that price. Also, the sword is really bad for the environment.
@MidgetTamer @RAIDERS @52Mack_ Make him be a bully. Sit him in a room by himself and let him look at Debo all day.
It was very good! Not a musical fan but it was pretty entertaining.
Yes, but his function is unclear.
Reminds me of Stampy
People are double-standard — want strict control back home, yet freedom to travel. The virus isn’t easy to detect — some test positive after 2 weeks. Shanghai had 2 such cases, leak due to lax control. If chains are clear, big-data tracking works; once widespread, only mass lockdowns — poor areas can’t afford it.
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -George S. Patton
Try the Gourds passed gin and juice. They’re awesome also the [NAME] are great
WHEN I WAS
@ThomasEWoods I would like to hear a podcast of you going off refuting her entire article. Extra indignation please.
The "YOU SHOT MY MERCEDES?!" clip is heavily underrated imho. Glad it made the cut for this amazing video.
I'd be surprised if mosques make the girls on school trips cover their hair, hence my question.
>Allow insurance to not pay for treatment of diseases with known vaccinations and to raise rates on antivaxxers *Genius!*
Bat Out of Hell is awesome start to finish, I'd love to see a musical based on it.
He looked completely lost.
Two overtime games on championship Sunday? We are blessed as football fans. Too bad one game had to be between FYTB and FUKC
I'd be careful with that, could be construed as cybersquatting which is illegal.
Guangzhou locals are nice—many friends here are cheerful and sunny, especially the girls, always smiling and warm.
The guy next to him's reaction face is classic.
Don’t know where those inciting group chat screenshots came from. Citizens who know their groups can report to the State Council app and have them all caught.
Even though I'm not the poster thanks for this, I had no idea it was a thing. I'm going to check it out.
You see, I was still on my journey to healing a bit of a `` broken heart '' so practically my heart was not in a bad shape then.
That's the old me though #imachildofgod #whatistwerking #sober #married #bye #imachildofgod #whatistwerking #sober #married #bye
I would give r/momforaminute a visit, the people over there are fantastic and I think they can give you some comfort
She might just be insecure. You do have a bit of an age difference, so she might feel like she doesn’t match up to you.
Thanks so much for this pic! It’s even funnier the third time in ten minutes it’s posted here.
Thank you, that means a lot.
/uj this looks fucking delicious
I hope google does this so that everyone would leave them already.
Maybe you should try watching it before commenting on it, otherwise your just posting from a position of ignorance.
Yeah, I don't think [NAME] supporters should use intelligence as a reason to talk down to people. I have watched [NAME] speak. Yikes.
Ah, the good old days where you could lose in a game! Yes!
> [NAME] is a religion, not a race. In the Holocaust, did the NAZI's commit genocide against a religion? or a race of people?
Can't believe @virginmedia are putting their prices up!! They already know I'm struggling to pay my bill &amp; won't change my package!!
Ah true blue love
You are the type of fellow that puts mommy in the cheap home and cashes her cheques, loyalty of a snake.
At first I thought this was talking about physical piracy (like stealing cargo ships) but now I understand.
I just don't understand why everyone is so #angry we all just want to live and thrive don't we? #angry
Thanks for an interesting thread. How many of the [NAME] in Malaysia would you characterize as [NAME] or supporting political [RELIGION]?
As much as I don’t like his splits would have liked him on that contract that’s a huge miss for the dodgers imo.
FUCKACTIVISION THEY RUIN EVERYTHING
Wow. Very thorough explanation. Thanks!
Put it this way — I learn arts fast (photography, painting, music), but sciences are tough. Struggled to a PhD in chemistry — now daily burnout, zero inspiration, yet art ideas flow endlessly.
In a mountainous village in Guangdong lies the old home of a late Korean War veteran. It’s in disrepair and needs rebuilding to serve as a patriotic education site. Hoping kind netizens will help.
@emmajckson awe thank you (,:
Love [NAME]! MAGA and [NAME]! [NAME]! But this is not helping....
I CANNOT WITH THESE COMMERCIALS
You can't vote here anyway so it is a moot point.
This one sentence of humor has overridden all of the trolls thoughts today. Thanks for the chuckle.
I would vote no to a United Ireland because the Republic doesn't have a free health service and no free prescriptions
Just move on and find someone who will give you the same feelings back.
Poor Target didn’t make enough millions during one of the most hectic Christmas seasons I recall in almost 2 decades. Gotta save that payroll though.
wait... so are ugly people downwoted all the time or they don't post or what is going on here...
My bad , thought it was the English one
He "dies" shortly after the inn, from a wound caused by the fight he had there. [NAME] just walks away from him.
Pedo dream, don't talk to any strange men with candy
@Joey7Barton I remember Joey slagging England player's off bringing out books after crap tournaments..same same..crap player
That's why everyone loves you, you're a joke club.
#Trump's only #concern is personal #profit through his #brand and doing #favors for others in trade for his own needs. Not #US #people. #trump #concern #profit #brand #favors #us #people
Happy New year!
Don't you're making me paranoid man
Just a reminder in case anyone forgot that UGA got embarrassed by Texas:
First of all, no. Second of all, she probable is still in love with you
Ugh, this fucking tumblr account. I posted about this bitch before, they wrote that [NAME] drug rehab fanfiction.
aint that obvious
Ahh, alright. I'd no idea hahah
I still enjoy the content here sometimes, but....finally! This post nailed it.
Get jiggy with it.
@laura221b I've left it for my dad to deal with 😂 My work is done as soon as it's felt the wrath of my slipper 😷
No episode today! Whilst editing there was a power outage! We will rebuild...tomorrow #podcast #lost #editing #fail #tomorrow #podcast #lost #editing #fail #tomorrow
HAHAHAHA... Damn it.... I knew that was coming. Alright, I will try to upload it into this thread on my lunch break.
It’s the comment about smelling her that makes it pure cringe.
He's only making like 3M more than [NAME] this year wow
5. Puts you in debt 6. Isolates you from all social interaction 7. Leaves you with nothing but a product you can't sell
You’ll love r/2healthbars
It's too bad that you think helping out the less fortunate is sad and make a joke about it . People like you are the problem.
If someone falsifies my medical records, I would say I've been harmed.
i love casual racism
@arunjaitley pls do the action immediately  against  terror.  Otherwise innocent  people  will die.
Gee, thanks for waking up after being told for over a decade.
@niceoneWern @Alotta_Pain the gleesome threesome
Looks like complete slop with 4 turds thrown on top. 🤢
Oh you know they’re BOTH going for it.
Fair enough. That is a form of cuckery I cant approve of.
I used to watch it’s always sunny with my cat. She loved it. Now I can’t watch it without crying.
Yes, exactly. Fix a date and if he still procrastinates ditch him. Or remain his penpal for the rest of your life.
Nah, man. Check out Provo, Utah's old
If only there was some other school that had a bunch of 5 star receiver commits as well...
Wow, “Social” Democrats betraying the revolution. Who would had guessed?
I am beyond mad that I lost track of a brown spider in my brown carpet. Where did you go? 🕷 will be sneaking up on me
Update; i can't sleep too many thoughts of her and pressure from asking her out tomorrow.. yesturday i was high so i could fall a sleep easly.
But then I never would have gotten to see the double doink!
What a wonderful world you lot live in!
Yeah, what do you know about her? Her Wikipedia page is pretty barren.
For [NAME] sake, they used OFFICIAL ones , my god. Fucking animals.
oh [NAME]...
OK OK WE GOT IT
Every other week we hear about a different #1 ranked restaurant in the world. How many #1 ranked restaurants in the world are there? #1 #1
Stars don’t get chicks my dude. Good way to let everyone know you are a fucking goober
Yet again another night I should've stayed in😊
That is genius.
Thanks, glad you enjoyed it!
I find that relatable: I too am terrified of myself.
As I walked in the door she came around the corner, squealing with delight and ran into my arms!
I wish the double down would leave *me* out of this! My poor stomach. Once was enough.
I love the content the PC channel puts out, its what wwe's channel should do more of
[NAME], I could’ve written the last part, and the first part serves as a potent warning.m that I needed to hear. Thank you.
Leave it to a maintenance technician to not do it right the first time.
Im not a #nervouswreck, Im a  #pileup. #GoingCrazy #HelpMe #Insane #Antisocial #nervouswreck #pileup #goingcrazy #helpme #insane #antisocial
I look forward to him posing for photos with his new mole-wife.
That’s because [NAME] thinks he’s the man oin this team. [NAME] I can’t wait till he’s gone
He's getting rest. We're trying to see how he can handle the starter's role.
Too bad no crossprog with PS4 thanks to Sony, though I heard gamedevs are trying to talk it out with them
Good to know, and it gladdens my heart to hear you're all right! <3
'Let me no longer languish in #pain, but look forward with #joy to all I have been gifted to achieve in my life.' ~ #Eleesha ღ #quote #pain #joy #eleesha #quote
I dont get it, are the councillors in Ottawa known for being boorish, uneducated and unilingual?
Before, Liu Xin was just “bad.” Now, after all she’s done to Jiang Ge’s mother, “bad” isn’t enough — she’s downright demonic.
[NAME], [NAME], bible, all of it is combined in my mind.
Another bad essay by me, sorry for butchering anarchism, anti-ableism and anti-psychiatry but I hope I got the point across :p
No reason to bet the flop.
Yeah this bothers me. Family should be off limits, and this scene was really sad
Action is the foundational key to all success ~Pablo Picasso #inspiring #quote #action #hustle  #dosomething #success #inspiring #quote #action #hustle #dosomething #success
I love [NAME]
That’s a sweet hoodie
Danish pastries...oh know my nightmare! Old boots is a good description #GBBO #gbbo
The only part of church I'm sad my kids will miss.
How about What's New Pussycat? With a playing of Its Not Unusual every seventh time.
It's meant to be!! #happy #happy #happy #happy
One of my coworkers made the wait list. Great guy, but yeah, it is a rich getting richer situation.
Thanks for the detailed reply friend, much appreciated. I’m a history buff and love learning about these things.
Well said, thank you.
that depends on where you live. you could probably move in with some people to share the costs for a while.
80% seems believable. In the December wave, nearly everyone in our workplace got infected, even those working from home.
Same here. I just don't understand how NOBODY at Lucasfilm said during the production, "Hey maybe this is a bad idea."
her fingers slide along your thighs, caressing the skin before she's leaning down, down, down and the first lick is teasing n playful.
This is a 10/10 on concept alone. I can't wait to see if it's any good.
The mango pods I purchased in New Zealand gave me a crazy headache but other flavours did not.
Yup, it's pretty funny to know we technically use the metric system.
[NAME] is so pathetic, 40 year old man jealous of a 26 year old DJ
Turgeon offense at it's finest. The ball never gets past the three point line and [NAME] just hits a three in someone's face.
Well it very well could be your drug usage. You could be depressed also. So stop doing drugs and see a therapist.
That looks lovely, but what’s the mutant on the top?
Id rather have native tribes have the opportunities than big business. And we really don't need anymore casinos anyways. Edit: in my opinion
Thankfully, he doesn't really hold grudges, so I think every day starts with a clean slate... Of course, like a normal human being, he has his limit, which I am trying REALLY REALLY hard to avoid reaching.Also, my throat is dry and hurting because I slept with my mouth wide open last night, and the two times I napped at the boy's house, I slept with it open, again.
not in the slightest. im actually dumbfounded.
Your meme is bad and you should feel bad
are you only looking for someone to share? do you want someone else or are you just doing this so your partner might have someone?
I was the following season, would have loved to see this game and the Boro final!
@metrotrains why is there no disabled access at pontefract monkhill?
Why do you guys hate [NAME]? I’m neutral leaning slightly positive on him. Just curious why the strong negative opinion?
Why do the Jets have players at the Pro Bowl and the Pats only have their mascot there?!
You’re mean
Me neither weeds is bad
It's funny to imagine that they're calling [NAME], a married man, an incel.
You got this! Go easy on yourself man..
Great [NAME], love Oasis, saw this in theaters when I had the chance.
😥 I feel so sorry. He'd be proud of you. *Hugs*
I recently won a match going 12/19. Always ends the same way you thanking them profusely and them being slightly annoyed.
Thanks. Ive edited to include the Prophet SalAllahualaihi wasallam. i meant 'people' as in the general people in our lives.
Brush your teeth and neither of these smells will be reduced by chewing a napkin. But it's funny to convince a friend at a bar that it'll work
I honestly can't tell if he really doesn't care or if he's just soft af... or maybe both lol
What are you talking about? This sub defended "it's just camo ,it's realistic". [NAME] including myself all begged for better visibility lmao
Same. Body hair (on my own body..I don't care what anybody else does with THEIR body hair) grosses me the fuck out.
Cops chillin on pine lakes
[NAME] damn it I love this but it had a STRONG socialist undertone and I just can’t fw that
You think it’s a joke? Over 90% of people spend their lives serving the “Great Rejuvenation” — born, study, work, buy houses, repay loans, marry, raise kids, pay their down payments, retire. This won’t change before 2050. Contributing all life, yet no one cares, and most don’t even realize it.
Ya, definitely gotta not feel like a [NAME] sometimes too.
Love this game, can't stand the combat system. It's just not for me.
@BenLeubsdorf @DykstraDame @WSJ idiots are going to sink the economy with free money policies.
I can't believe you won!
Lol just watched this episode
I don't like it, simply because men never want to be just friends, and I have no interest in dating random dudes who message me.
Thank you, too. It's nice knowing we're not alone. I hope you stay afloat.
Came here to say this...... Oh dear OP
As a man with a vasectomy, I want some of that blame. Dang women always keeping the blame to themselves. /s
Honestly seems normal—there are crasser ones in livestream sales. Check car sellers—tons of deliberate exposure and revealing clothes.
Good demo
Must be a tough life when all you can think about is sad stories to keep you from enjoying anything.
Unfortunately, I don't. Sorry. 😔
[NAME] to me will forever be proof that the true dangerous people are not the ones telling lies but rather the people that believe them.
But it's still....the geographic location of Arizona haha.
I’ve had to remove fallen trees on snowy roads because the forest service is not working as much. Shits a little fucked.
Fortunately, finding yourself and deepening your spiritual connection with the world only takes about 4 days in a beach hut with a thatched roof.
I’m in ND too and I’ve maybe seen two people use studded tires in the two years I’ve lived here.
i was walking around cursing the day in my head.
Okay. Brace yourself. I will attempt my first loaf of bread in the morning. I will use a dutch oven. I will make the dough now. #nervous #nervous
I'd be ok if they didn't have a HoF. But they do so I want the deserving players from the team I root for represented
My cockatiel is sitting on my knee. I gave him a hug and promised no more pets.
@mgcsartwork I nearly started crying and having a full on panic attack after tatinof bc of the crowds so I feel him
I'm on the receiving end of a breakup, and i'm not handling it well. So cheers from Germany!
Kinda is. But whatever. Complaining on reddit works too. Except it doesn’t.
I'm not crying, you're crying
United Airline at Newark needs more Kiosks so that people won't miss their cut off time.  And hire more ppl too.  #horrible #horrible
Hahaha dude that was *so* well put
Thank you, I have received help already.
And you wonder why Labour get's a bad name for anti-Semitism with statements like that. Ok hun.
Congratulations! One day you’ll look back on this and laugh. It’s the best thing you’ve ever done.
No you said communism is a more extreme form of socialism.
Oh, sorry
I'm hoping it turns out and theres something of value but these type of things spark up from time to time so time will tell.
Don't tell me what to do. I'm not going to argue with someone who goes around calling everything bro science.
What is up with the phone tho
How can he balance like that with those massive balls of steel he obviously has?
6 and he died of cancer iirc
Not talking about [NAME] as I've barely seen any of that, just the implication that [NAME] got a lot of new mixups
It's been with me all day. Those reams of entries is one of the most quietly horrific things I've ever seen.
Late July last year, a district in Chengdu turned high-risk. Though ours was far away, we were quarantined 14 days upon returning to Gansu. Anyone from around Chengdu was isolated, let alone from the city itself.
Meanwhile, 1500 a day continue to die from cigarettes
Err, she's still a weird fake tan shade, just oranger.
Hitachi Magic Wand Thank me later.
Yes! Wonder how tall the girls will end up 😂
Thank you, what kind of lawyer would be best in this case?
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @broitzmax #lively #musically #lively #musically
Nothing more attractive than someone who's compatible with me and has a great personality.
@LynneGarrison yeah, I've only seen that floated online as a theory, it was probably made up by a bitter stan. I ignore pets v vets crap too
A TECHNICAL Lmao.
@courtneymee I'm 3 days sober don't wanna ruin it
Good fun, just dont over do it, or you will get very bored fast.
He has really aged quickly.
wow...u wanna say u were never toxic and u never rage okay if u can t do what I asked just go away ok???
im also definitely still bitter about the yellow ranger not being asian, but asian representation in hollywood is essentially a shrug anyway
Got to study somehow.
I laughed in my beard.
Fair. Actually fuck the last few songs on Bleach.
Every single [NAME] should have the right to import by mail any medicine from all over the world and nobody should be allowed to stop them.
[NAME] doesn't really look hindered by the way she's playing and hitting. I hope she doesn't retire. [NAME] just playing amazing.
Sounds like an fp to me 🤔
I'm curious to see what his answer will be
The storm gets worse.
Honestly im a pretty clumsy belligerent and i lasted 9 months and no case is great life i regret nothing
Facebook starter pack: Post Condescending disagreement with juvenile name-calling Repeat step 2 over and over and over and over agsin
43% on a one bedroom apartment (with a nice large balcony) in Potts Point. Sucks to be single.
I refuse to accept that
Retributionist is essentially RBed with respect to Mayor now. Not a bad play at all
I'm with you!!!!!!
@brian5or6 turn that shit off!   Home Button under Accessibility. \n\nWhen did innovation become mind fuckery?   #rage. #iphonePhoneHome #rage #iphonephonehome
I like all of them, depending on what I want to learn. I really like [NAME] and [NAME] style, because they are such trolls.
No it's actually a land form just off the toes of the giant!
oof ok. shawn is pretty hot but I'm still tom dude imo
[NAME] has some perpetual depression. Nothing makes him happy. Unfortunately I just don't see him succeeding at Chelsea in the true sense.
Cool! Just do yourself a favor and do not scroll...
Didn’t realize they lost it. Loved their Cooperstown collection figures.
Funding was never the problem of Mass Effect. EA is. You're confirming their bad business strategy.
Perfect! Thanks
I dont think they were angry att them self. Its allways the kids fault./s
My lungs were still taking in air as I breathed.
We only seem to hate them when they espouse murderous political philosophies responsible for more than 100 million deaths. Weird, huh?
I need to learn to be in one place at one time and try not to worry about everything all at once
Not really cringe. Just sad.
Sorry it didn't help. I hope you can find something that does.
We were playing bots for 30 mins... Not fun but i am happy i finally did it
When people are insecure, they'd rather have somebody who is strong and wrong than someone who's weak and right, - [NAME]
Well don’t complain here about another media outlet lol
This comment has been removed for breaking rule #8. #8
Hurr durr everyone needs to worry about other people’s problems
How dare you! Don’t you know seatbelts cause autism!
Please revise your post to include whatever your talking about. Because i have no idea what your referencing.
I don't care anymore.
That specific block is probably one of the worst in the city.
10,000th franchise win (against Boston) was cool, also 2017 ALDS game 4 (my only playoff game ever)
He's not THAT bad on YouTube, but on Twitter... Let's just say that he's problematic
What a manipulative, child of a man. Jeez, grow up.
Happy birthday, [NAME]! Hope you have a wonderful day!
Put away the screen and go outside. You'll feel much better.
but you won't hear that from most of the press or people on this sub WHAT IS THEIR POLICY THOUGH lmao
We have a realistic chance of winning this.
Maybe they mean like older kid free? I'd contact the coordinator and ask them if your baby is okay.
I’m still using a laptop from 2008, and until last month I was using a phone from 2013. Actually felt bad upgrading the phone.
[NAME] really loves [NAME].
SHE MAKES ME CRINGE :(
[NAME] plays well in Texas. So there is that.
It was balanced by also adding relics , you could have some pretty cool variations in your games if they added a system similar to both !!
I have a floor shift in the morning, hopefully without my nose being stuffy.
Scorched Pizza! A true crime!
I understand now. Thank you for your thorough explanation.
After checking several district policies, I see — Guangzhou reports about 89–90 daily community cases, half from clinic visits, half from testing. Removing testing sites may be based on Omicron’s 24-hour onset window. With stronger tracing and precise lockdowns, sources can be cut before mass spread.
It has little to do with experience, to be human is to err.
These are some of the lamest threatening letters I’ve ever seen. She’s a metahuman who can you murder people with her voice.
It's because you're dizzy from lack of oxygen.
They aren't wrong here in illinois. :(
The car analogy is silly because car problems are physical and material and hence clearly factual diagnosable. “Toxic masculinity” is a squishy theoretical concept.
lmao and I thought I was the only one
Thanks a lot, [NAME]. Now I've lost my train of thought!
He's trying!
Change it a^r^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^n^d
These videos are legendary
Big breasts!
Her face oddly looks way narrower in this picture.
So one study on ten years of data in a chem unit/battalion and you're extrapolating that to the entire DoD?
We always look so hot headed at road 😞
This draft is one man deep tbh. Not getting Zion would be devastating and a waste of a whole year.
MUSK is just HITLER if you remember that: M=HI U=TL S=E K=R!
this was probably going to be my last thoughts on the matter
Yeah, people my age make me more anxious than older people. I feel like my generation is more judgmental.
So sorry to hear that matey. What a good dog. Give him lots of pets.
The irony and hilarity of making Taylor Lautner super cold all the time is not lost on me. God I missed this show 😂#ScreamQueens #screamqueens
Is anyone forced to work in prison?
You try reposting it?
Journalists should go investigate in person — isn’t truth-seeking basic? Don’t sit in warm rooms typing “lazy governance.” Isn’t that lazy reporting — even lazy governance? No trending topic ever clearly explains how anti-epidemic funds/materials are managed — just cheap emotional clickbait.
Shittiest crowd weve got this season omg please stay home an empty arena would of been better than this shitshow tabarnack
I looked this person up. She’s a real doctor
Maybe @SamHeughan can send me good luck on my job interview tomorrow. #nervous 😳 #nervous
Stand up for your self once and be really serious it'll stop them
I’m surprised nyxl hasn’t done that with their overloaded dps roster, but a possible upcoming import limit might be the issue
It's to bad I live in a society that only wants my continual existence.
What happens when he takes a shower with his girl and his facial hair just starts falling off.
it's ok to need an equal partner
We have one, a daughter, and she is 8. She believes in [NAME], but she really loves science and asking hard questions :)
I’m excited to see [NAME] come in here. I hope he plays some more quality, aggressive minutes
Umm... I do it everyday since I was 13 and I’m fine... could be just me...
All my hugs to you. She will have a peaceful end surrounded by people who she loves so much.
>How can I hate [NAME] I like [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]? And [NAME]
@fleetstreetfox It's buzzing pathetically for sympathy if you let it out it will twirl it's moustache, chuckle and sting you #Psychowasp #psychowasp
I think they meant r/socialism_101 (needs an underscore). r/communism101 is also a good one.
We're not the only one that has it, but for a city of our population, we're probably one of the worse offenders.
came in here ready to congratulate myself for the hot take of voting for [NAME] over [NAME] before realising that I didn't see [NAME]
It’s not ignorance, it’s fear. Having a fever and no medicine is real suffering. Now it’s Montmorillonite, next time maybe hemorrhoid cream — everything’s sold out. Still no ibuprofen in Guangzhou pharmacies.
Interesting how the before photos are clearly yellow-tinted, as can be seen by the difference in the skin complexion
Too much caffeine, and I'm dyyyying. #jitters #shakes #paranoia #heartbeat1000 ☕💔 #jitters #shakes #paranoia #heartbeat1000
You’re welcome 😊
Who the hell is that. I only got my account 2 months ago
It's a difficult one really, because some customers would probably be offended if he said "your husband or wife".
Hope your surgery goes well and a quick recovery!
I like TRTL.
The best thing about cooking with eggs is that even if your original idea doesn't work, you've still got scrambled eggs! #optimism #optimism
Bring back the heyday #NominateBunkface #nominatebunkface
[NAME] playing great this half
This is the kind of winning I love. Winning because [NAME] has 25 and [NAME] has 29
Hey, better safe than sorry with spoilers. But my point stands.
You just know he liked his own comment
More like "thank you sir may I have another"
Very depressing seeing my whole fam packing to go on holiday tomorrow and I'm just staying here 🙃
I love crows!!!!
Kinda looks like a boxing coach
That’s sex discrimination. The male class has their own bathrooms but the female does not.
Can't wait to see this badboy in season 8 😍 😍 😍 When [NAME] listed him among Dragonpit characters i was so happy.
Thank you for this
How did I miss that?
Ah I didn't realize I was able to do that. I'm still new to Reddit so I am still learning haha thanks!
We need to go to our house to get it.
Oh la la
Stay away from the sub till then ahaha
**Zigzagzigal-type Balance Suggeestions** - I feel like you are flying, why not get into a war with China who, because they had no alternatives.
Officials and citizens grow up indifferent, letting Western culture erode us. Industries chase personal gain, harming national interest. Vanity, worship of foreign goods, lack of pride — too many never seek to restore dignity, blindly buying Japanese and American products. National awareness shapes national will. Japan, the US, and Europe thrive on plunder — we must support domestic goods and eliminate hidden threats.
@leesyatt you are a cruel, cruel man. #therewillbeblood  #therewillbeblood
That’s crazy. Depending of the state you’d effectively be obligated to work for that employer.
I’m so jealous
If my friend talked about my girl like he would be picking up his teeth. Support your gf. Period.
I thought that, but not quite as extreme!!
Imagine the twitter fume if Corbyn loses the election and then Smith leads Labour to a worse result than suggested under Corbyn.. Imagine??
I don't know about that. Is that something?
You are welcome, I have faced lot of sibling related issues. Hope things work out well for you.
Maybe it is offended which is why he commented in the first place
Thanks I will consider that :)
She does seem fully committed. That’s just why I’m a bit confused. I’m hoping she does deep inside. Thank you.
My god, [NAME]!
What a gutsy, huge win. This might be the most important win of the year thus far
Not autism though. What a relief.
Aw, I missed it :( . I really need to spend more time outside of the roundtable thread...
That's not really a solid method.
Oh that's actually really interesting. So IQ of the general population would be a bell curve by definition?
Welcome back.
That’s wonderful
" I radioed to Infinity.
Joes gf started singing all star and then Joe got angry and was all sing it right and started angrily singing it back at her
If someone posts it I would need some hard fuckin proof that it’s actually a [NAME] pick
I have but one upvote to give, otherwise you would get more.
That's not fickle. That's insane and delusional. It's not some cute little quirk. It's a disconnect with reality.
Does that include [NAME]?
Yheaaa I always gave me till 35 to decide if I want a kid or not. [NAME] kicked in sooner than expected.
@theurbanologist the tunnels! I shudder to think of the grimy tweets...
The fact that this hasn’t happened to [NAME] yet in this day and age is simply incredible.
You get her off 3 times and she doesn't finish you? That seems very selfish.
Just be yourself lol. Some girls find awkward/goofy cute 🤷🏻‍♂️
So bad its funny
With an infant, stroller and backup, I had my hands full and I needed time to do things.
Can I be honorably mentioned in spirit under "et al"?
That same ragged breath.
I was almost certain it was gonna be [NAME]
Sure thing my dude. You keep on doing you. I wish you the best, good luck.
Navy, Air Traffic controller.
Really? That’s such emotional blackmail. How can you assign teachers such dangerous tasks? They can’t refuse, but going is unsafe!
I was using story of the tower of Babel to say that from a [RELIGION] side people would all have the same skin colour anyway
Vegas favorite getting No picks. That's gotta be pretty unusual
Honest question, what happens to Red if they don't make the league ? They're in America and surely that can't be cheap
Lol I’ll wait for nothing to come of this.
Yes. He’s a much better option than [NAME]
That poor girl. She wants to run in the rain and her mean ole momma won't let her. LOL
People fuckin irritate me
Oh this belongs here
I can't tell if this is satire of not. It's got this whole [NAME] and [NAME] dad rock vibe going on.
My dad wears that sweater every game day! It’s in much worse condition however
Horrendous , this is also reflected in my experience act school where you are not allowed to defend yourself at all
Being a [NAME] is no different from being a [NAME]. Both have caused genocides. I hate how our society only focuses on one though!
Saying she was “about to give birth but was forced into miscarriage, two lives lost” — that’s called premature birth! A full-term preemie is usually fine. If you’re going to spread rumors, at least learn some medical facts.
He did!
i love you.
Fear the fearsome fury of the forest fawn!
Raw, unfiltered athleticism...whoops wrong player *puts down [NAME] player card* A real hard worker...could date the coach's daughter
Not to mention she didn't get her rightful Snatch Game win
I don't know why, but the thought of that hat on smoke makes me smile...
I can’t tell if you got the joke or not hahaha
That's the death mark, Looks like you've been chosen for sacrifice. Sorry bud
How do you feel that other drivers know your next move?
I watch it because I enjoy it
Oh [NAME] this is going to garner such hate hahaha
> He is not sexist and not a transphobe. I see you've never actually listened to him or read his work.
Can Dr. [NAME] confirm this? Edit: Doesn't matter. T H I C C D O N is actually zaddy af.
Today is gonna be terrible I can feel it
Welcome home, and welcome to the front lines!
50 becoz I’ve used before and it’s A really intense high but after a bit of research I’m extremely hesitant to use it again
This should be everyone's wish.
I dunno, I'm picturing completely beige and generic baby shower. Beige streamers and balloons, a banner that says "there will be a birth"...
Then he stabbed like five cops and hid in a haystack
@Jinath_Hyder I can't have alcohol on it, sadly, but it only flares up under very specific circumstances so I just need to be more careful
Welcome to post-truth politics.
I mean I'm genuinely not sure if I'd rather be tortured for all eternity or have to spend all eternity in Sunday services
Junior year, my roommate and I were late from gaming; walking to the square, the quake hit — we thought someone was digging with an excavator.
I dont believe you
They only want excuses to run the clock down towards no-deal.
@laurenwils0n_ Happy birthday gorg, have a good one 😘 x
Puzzle investing opening portland feodal population is correlative straight a snorting infuriate: XLzjYhG
Lol it's not a bad dance, what's cringe worthy is people getting so upset over a video game
Yeah personally I would’ve brought [NAME] back lol [NAME] always had trouble staying healthy
Heh, [NAME] costume love is being triggered.
I thought oh boy, I probably use everything on this list. Turns out, nothing. Fuck Nestle.
Congrats on the sex
That’s a new level of blonde I never knew existed!
Me too dude. Nice video for what it was!
Well I won't be doing a unboxing of the iPhone 7 plus on my channel until November sadly. Thank you @TMobile @Apple Staten Island NY smh
I told him I left cause he couldn’t do this with me or for me
Source: /g/169743. He's saying this to [NAME] ~~(OWO)~~ if anyone's curious.
I don't think any [RELIGION] woman would care about such a thing. If they did then they have their own problems.
Or Not my policy *Gets beaten up*
Gosh #anxiety attacks turning into #Panic attacks are fucking ugly .... #anxiety #panic
Your wife is very lucky to have you. I hope my WS feels like this one day. I pray for it every night.
Fuck no i wanna kill the living shit out of [NAME]
[NAME] has a fun instagram
Man I love wicker park and buck town ! Give them their flair !
@RichardHBell Yes, I think he held a grudge ...
Sounds like you might need some time out in the re-education camp. You are getting frighteningly close to realizing that our system is designed to keep you imprisoned.
Heyyy that's the chair i'm sitting in right now at my home office!
breaking news: sports fan does something extreme and stupid over something that doesn't matter
Removed, anyone have a mirror or archive?
Maybe their inability to spell the word "atheist" is why they're a [NAME].
I'm 6'4", every [NAME] damn public bathroom wall is too short for my taste.
They look like rappers
Thank you! My Bravo blog is
not only was that the worst @EGX that's I've attended but worth one of the worst cons I've been to in the last 5 years #terrible #terrible
The village elders have not given a shit about the children for awhile now.
What if... >Valve removes date to stop the impression they were giving an ETA
PATS DEFENSE YOU ARE USELESS.
Wouldn’t be surprised
Haha didn’t even notice. It’s staying.
" and turns away, falling back asleep.
You're not my STBXH hehe. He doesn't type like you.
Ha interesting. Grew up in MN and never thought about this.
I'm sorry you fell for the carnie, bro.
I think the main problem here is you missed that the person originally said "franchises" and not specifically Overwatch that is burning.
Uncle and niece? Man nooo noo
This is why I love people posting pics in the LA sub, because I see perspectives of LA that I would never see otherwise. Love this pic
What’s the clip from? I’m scared to put “teen boy good kisser 900 number” into YouTube
Horray for Persona
I like all Star Trek. I hope they end up switching directions now and make new movies that are more about exploration.
@LanaDelRey @Ocelottacash tfw ur fans panic cuz they think u cut ur hair
He's funny for sure... lol!
Uh . . . Uh . . . I'm not feeling so well.
Check my recent post... make sure you know what you're talking about
Dude don’t even trip. [NAME] is the shit. I also have a soft spot for [NAME] if you’re into her at all lol
Maybe inappropriate, but [NAME] mamma can get it.....
I’ve said it before — grassroots staff and officials go weak at the knees in foreign-related matters, practically worshipping foreigners. If this doesn’t change, a scandal’s inevitable.
Yahweh your God is among you, a warrior who saves. He will rejoice over you with gladness.
It's interesting the photo of Mono Lisa is crying as well as the whole scene is very depressing #ELE6200 #ele6200
Cannot disagree with this one
I'm a nasty ho
The day I get the phone call: "your Nmom/Ndad/Nbrother have passed away." "Fuuuuuuuuuuucking ***FINALLY***"
I'm fully erect tho and I still don't like them
My left clav essentially blew up, but it didn't stop there.
It does seem like the Astros get a lot of charity trades.
GET IN MAH FEELINS
I'm proud, Reddit. This is a big deal to a fan. I'm genuinely happy for him.
Yeah truly ugly people never post their pics on rateme subs.
>I hate [NAME] so much. Lol
This is what I want the most now that [NAME] is out but I think we live in a NO world
Tell me more...🙃☺️
Sweet! This just keeps getting better. Have a good one
If that’s the case then these shows really are all about messing up people’s health...
I hope so. Either [NAME] or [NAME] deserve it the most
Different personalities, I've always been like that with friends and family.
lost 11 lbs since I got married (eating healthy) &amp; ive gone from a 9:47 mile to a 8:50 mile in 2 weeks. #areyousureimagedout #fitness #areyousureimagedout #fitness
>ctrl + F > fuck your mother I am not disappointed.
Sure. We can back another vote if it's found out that remain was illegally funded by [NAME], constantly lied.
while it's debatable how big government should be, I'm glad someone isn't advocating for private fire departments again. that was such a disaster
Lol. I will be bartending and serving.
Like I said, I’m glad that’s working out for him but for most of the world being gainfully employed societal norms absolutely matter.
Blah blah blah
Can’t buy a bucket...just one of those games
@HotpointUK 'customer service ' beyond appalling. Faulty dryer replacement breaks within wks no parts for 3 wks. Engineers no show.
Sadly, that’s not the interpretation that many elders in your church have made. See: the Australian Royal Commission into Institutional Abuse. :(
I like were ur head is.
Iirc congressional opposition was the main obstacle for closing gitmo. I could be misremembering but that's what I remember
Lol you wish it was that easy. Lying POS customers have the advantage with review websites sadly.
I'M MOTIVATED!
Yes, sorry reddit told me 2 times a error occured while posting this :/ Looks like it got submitted fine tho :/
Newcastle too. Fake snow news!
Stupid for difficult. I always feel that way. Fool among elites. That means I can be cared for.
Ooh, that's interesting info actually (*heads to capfriendly to check how many years until [NAME] is a UFA*)
I started following the Lions in 2001. Talk about a bad time to start following a franchise.
I’m sorry. Your city blows.
Today is 71117. 😀
What the heck? $3 a month for 30 texts? That's ridiculous.
Islanders [NAME] says that given what happened yesterday we win this game 7-2 after a lackluster first period with a [NAME] hat trick.
Nice try @ some dude. Also i joke around my gf on the same topic, she doesnt believe me
$11 an hour doesn't leave a lot of room to be a hero.
Lmao!!! 🤣 He does look rather greasy.
He’s gone soon I would imagine, hope we can get a late-mid round pick for him, like a 5th
I love how the reason for the dislocation got progressively less extreme until the "I was sitting down" Man, getting old sucks
Sure, but it's been all over the news recently with the [NAME] doc that just came out. I've seen tons of posts here on reddit.
Also convicted of rape. Interesting quote given that context.
I rolled my eyes while following behind Kathy.Then the voice from behind me sternly said, `` Are you talking to me?!!!
This is his worst season since his rookie year
We need but little learning to live happily - Michel de Montaigne #quote #philosophy #wisdom #wisewords #mentalhealth #psychology #anxiety #quote #philosophy #wisdom #wisewords #mentalhealth #psychology #anxiety
Cop is stupid for upholding the law, I think most people here would beg to differ but wtfdik
There Probly doing this because we’re for sure gonna tank next year as well
i met with an employment specialist this morning &amp; she basically told me its unlikely i'll get a job because i clearly have too much anxiety
OP, don’t keep us in suspense. Which city were you referring to? :)
Its like the worlds most infuriating reality show.
Good morning lovely people. Not gonna lie I've woken up feeling pretty glum.
Deservedly so too. Tbh I think you must be the favourites.
Yes. Wait until recreational marijuana is legalised federally. Portugal could legalize all drugs including cocaine, but they are a small country.
And please do not dab unless you are at bingo.
It looks like you might have some sand in your angina.
@BlairWitchMovie love new movie\n #BlairWitch #blairwitchproject  #HorrorMovies #blairwitch #blairwitchproject #horrormovies
Now excuse me while I go home with my briefcases full of money from alcohol and tobacco companies
He’d make people? That’s a lil uncomfortable tho
I care. How are you today?
I freakin' love Corgis!! 🐕🥰
I’ve made snapchats like this for friends
I can't see a way forward, neither the government or the opposition wants no-deal or to cancel A50.
Thanks dude. It’s honestly hard to distinguish because it’s felt like who I was for so long
ah, rejection. i know something about it
While I agree that the biggest problem is [NAME], [NAME] had to go too.
Holy crap, that movie was bad.
I’ve stayed home two days, now forced into 14-day quarantine! They said home isolation was fine—should’ve never come back, so annoying.
Wow, not exactly a complimentary typo.
i mean i hate these takes that because we turned the ball over 26 times, the rotations werent a problem. They clearly were
Stay strong.
He hatet [NAME]
W-what a great audience
Oh wow!!!
Why does China News Service always pick on Coconut Tree? Checked — every smear since the start came from you. What’s your motive?
I'll give you that. Society is generally in a decline. I don't date men so I can't speak to that.
Lol people still watch CBS?
We're in this together! Pandora's box has been opened! There is no turning back!
By Sharlyn Guthrie From the sea fate called to me, harmless ` round my ankles danced.
My god she is desperate for a do-over baby. What a shrew.
ESPN just assumed I wanted their free magazines
Now I really hope he spends a few days meditating on music and then gets back to us on his insights regarding Giant Steps by [NAME].
she does look like a hooker though lol
You're pointing at me You pointed first I'm signaling that's not pointing Stop pointing at me!
I hated doing group work. Unless groups were assigned I always went by myself.
31/M/I don’t know, I’m blind.
An innie?
Man I hate double standards. I love the show but change the word ‘white’ to ‘black’ and it’s suddenly not funny anymore
You have an amazing instinct to protect him. It’s beautiful
Just paid for chicken at @panerabread and didn't even get any 😑😑😑 there goes 4 dollars and me as a customer #angry #angry
Sometimes it makes me squint. It's fine with friends because they just think I'm high. It's not as great with colleagues and such.
Yeah no problem. Sorry about that.
-40 on an obvious joke, [NAME] people.
It's cuz we've played less games than them
Excess of 300 partners and not using protection is unappealing to me, I dont want catch anything
Don’t be so negative. Living like a medieval peasant is easy in today’s world.
But the last scene I saw was just [NAME] bringing the kid to her no talk of leaving was there a scene where [NAME] reconciles with [NAME]
If he feeds the RBs and designs some QB fakes that actually fool defenses I’ll be happy with everything else
Can’t believe people still fall victims to those machines.
This is the most Chicago music video I think I’ve ever seen and I love it. Classic song!
A thousand year old institution that is hundreds of years old and has remained largely unchanged for almost a decade.
Yo there's a kid on my snap chat from LA &amp; they get high off helium gas lmao.... I am like why the fuck lol
No, what’s sad is saying the same message like it’s news. He’s a copy paste machine. No original thought.
“Game 7” Unfortunately we’ll never get there.
Back in Cardiff after an amazing 10 days away 😭 #depressing #depressing
What a grim statistic for Canada.
I don't reveal my sources. Gotta keep my journalistic integrity.
Of course not. Why admit their circle jerk was wrong? They'll only learn the lesson after the lawsuit ends.
If men were that aggressive we’d be arrested and then slammed publicly and socially. Lives ruined for a moment of drunken stupor.
wow, there's no way [NAME] should 'er scored that
What in the actual fuck are these refs doing right now.
#terribledebatequestions has given me so many laughs this afternoon! Thanks Twitter! #hilarious #cleverpeople #terribledebatequestions #hilarious #cleverpeople
All of season 6 is terrible
Of course! Happy cake day 🎂🎉
Aw bummer. She lost her screenshot of the copy of a copy of bullshit articles handwritten in 1992. Somebody help a girl out.
i never really laughed at it, but its still one of my favorite movies. i view it more as a slice-of-life drama.
This sounds like fainting. Get your blood pressure/sugars checked.
Threaten to release....welp , nothing coming from this.
Thank you for explaining:)
Thanks, I wouldn't have noticed the car without it.
I looked closely, his left ankle does not get run over. it just lands behind the very last tire. very lucky.
Dance with the devil by immortal technique Honestly one of the most messed up rap songs they will ever hear.
This little piggy went to the hospital...
..how is he not? better == good
Yikes hope hes ok
Yeah it was a little embarrassing.
Maybe in future Spring Festival becomes a travel festival — every place runs special events and everyone just travels instead.
I love it.
We use that a lot in the UK too
Thanks for the info! Great pic. I’ve saved it.
Best part about this is that the cowboys will re-sign [NAME] and hopefully [NAME] too
Holy fucking shit
Can't you tell that [NAME] is a serious threat to apprehend. All that alleged lying makes him a serious threat to others.
> Inflatable M'lady Guys I found my new flair
July 15, 1996: Yanks to the Rescue! The Secret Story of How American Advisors Helped [NAME] Win
@GemmaAnneStyles @Fabicelolly we don't have these in america (i think) i'm #upset and #hurt #upset #hurt
@eMilsOnWheels I'm furious 😩😩😩
I LOVED having him; every time [NAME] takes that 18 footer I expect to be automatic only to be very disappointed.
Someone wake me when @Therealkiss make 2016 remix of 'Why'❗️b/w #TerrenceCrutcher #Election2016 #colinkapernick #terrorism #riots this 2much #terrencecrutcher #election2016 #colinkapernick #terrorism #riots
Her first release, Hello, I'm Dolly, holds up, and Dumb Blonde is probably my favourite [NAME].
I’d love a new Governor to do it. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] are all talented orators.
The boys rejoice as badger corner has been reclaimed for our first social of the year #cluboftheyear #cluboftheyear
ssssssssssssssshhhhhhhhhhhh just give this one to me it's been a weird day
Wasn't expecting these feels man. I'm so sorry for your loss!
[NAME] is worse because he’s all of those things plus he took out my boi [NAME].
>I keep wondering when I'll "slow down". Hopefully never? Knowledge is worth pursuing for its own sake. Never stop being curious.
Nothing wrong with kayo
Oh, what a tangled web we weave When first we practise to deceive!
Damn ive been hard on brown but he's been looking like 15-16 [NAME] this game
Kinda reminds me of my Uncle, [NAME].
Do you have a link to any news or something? I'd love to read more about it.
The lucky ones died quick
I consider everyone attractive in their own way, so everyone is intimidating.
Georgia Tech's Secondary is as soft as a marshmallow.
I like #5 too she is slacking on her end of that bargain, she’ll leave [NAME] before she ever sleeps with him.  #5
Thank you so much for that compliment it actually means a lot however Mister [NAME] is the greatest human being to ever exist
Well ain't that ridiculous.
Your Beauty shines out of you, than you for this lovely post.
DONT RUIN THIS FOR ME
[NAME] still looks fresh for 40 years old.
WHO'S EVEN ON THE ROSTER AGAIN? FUCK, [NAME]? [NAME]?
If I’d know about his kin shit I would have never been friends with him in the first place
What the fuck is [NAME] doing in the background
I’m sure [NAME] was thinking this when he told his daughter that she stunk like a toilet on his deathbed.
This used to be a lot more common when I was younger. So weird.
Oh man I feel bad now. If you find it funny than it's funny 💖 sorry
It's probably easier when they're stuck on an island
I hope there's a 3rd jump ball.
I shoved him once pretty hard and put my fists up for a brawl.
No going back after switching to a safety razor. Even the most expensive blades are 10x+ cheaper than Gillette.
If Liu Xin truly needed help for hardship, her fans could donate however they wanted. But saying it’s to pay compensation? What a mess. No wonder she did what she did before.
I can’t figure out how to PM you but I have a question about something on another post. Mom of 2 here. 😂
Can't wait to perform 2nite at @CrashTestComedy at #Verns! #yyc #Calgary $5 #comedy #comedian #yycComedy #CalgaryComedy #fun #laughs #live #verns #yyc #calgary #comedy #comedian #yyccomedy #calgarycomedy #fun #laughs #live
I'm concerned with optimal health. Not surviving.
I used to. It was a common pattern that my thoughts would spiral out of control but somehow I grew out of it eventually.
I sold an item on ebay and amazon at the same time. I had to cancel the Amazon order. Is that going to hurt anything?
that sounds fun!
sick shirt [NAME] is a great artist
Those types of retirement homes are for people that want to live in a social community. But you are right, find another community.
I mean he's rockin the hell outta that porn 'stache
That seems like an issue with you not him
And the dude dropped his phone between those slots... ouch!
Wow either [NAME] misspoke or I didn't hear correctly. I swear he said chainsaw, that is totally different from knife or cooking accident.
Two twin mattress on the floor of my room pushed together. Luckily one of us has a particular love for the middle.
A lot of things men do *isn't* sexual harassment no matter how you feel about it.
Wow you’re “like 13” in March then bro welcome to the teenage years (soon)
Very sure they are metal.
Exactly lol.
Do I wish people with face tattoos wouldn't be judged? Hell yes! But I'm not ignorant or Delusional enough to believe this.
[NAME] is soft as hell boi got bullied in Minnesota
38k. Between 2 cars. Bought a new X5 and lowered his overall payment. Was tickled to death
Damn it, karen
True....I know! I can only get them at the fair....not even BBQ restaurants have them in my town.
Omg, maybe best plot twist. I wish that will happen
Excellent game tonight, let's get a new win streak going on this road trip!
Everyone is born an atheist. Some gets afflicted with religion usually via their parents.
WHAT. It says due date 12/31/18. Did she have the kid yet? Oh [NAME] I feel so bad for her and that child...... nooooooo
I don’t understand how college tuition has gone up 8 billion percent but Taco Bell still has a dollar menu...
Is this the best that you could come up with?
I don't understand the infatuation with modern ones. Everything made before the Murciélago is where it's at.
oh [NAME] this is horrible
After 24 years of perseverance, he finally fulfilled his space dream. Congratulations, Grandpa Deng Qingming! 🎉 Passion conquers time!
It’s the same argument, but with a different context to demonstrate the flaws.
Roll Tide. In my house is [NAME], [NAME], and then everything else. Or something along those lines. /s
also i had an awful nightmare involving being sick where worms were involved i was so disgusted when i woke up
Oh wow, this is the first I've heard of her aligning with those people.
don't you get it? It's freedom to kill children now...
Threatening to jail disadvantaged families is low even by Democrat standards.
I find it sadly ironic that a man's job is to protect his family, yet if he's alone with his children they question their safety.
Who's [NAME]?
Thank you, agreed.
But I want to look cute as I eat myself into immobility and an early grave. /s
I love you, 125.
So uncharacteristic for an INTJ but country music is my favorite genre!
Boy you sure can make some word vomit. You must be scared all the time to have such pessimistic views of people.
Watching her wardrobe/closet tour video. It’s hilarious.
Thanks man! Helped me out quite a bit.
@hatzepueh and don't call him creepy, he's the most handsome, adorable and nicest shark ever 😭 ok Zora, buuuuuut he looks like a shark
This is awful and borderline abuse. I can't imagine thinking that's even slightly okay
I needed to come out of a parking lot on the side of the highway and then pull the car up to a high speed so as not to have an accident/annoy highway drivers, so I was pretty nervously sitting there, waiting for the right opportunity.
[NAME] cheats on you after a few months. Your ME1 love interest waited for you for two years, and they thought you were dead.
You may have to a coding bootcamp. Bad news is its not in your house, good news is I hear they actually work
I think it was [NAME] and I'm not even convinced [NAME] caught on to it lol. Then he was made to be the moron.
I used to work nights at a 24-hour Walmart, “interesting” is a damn tame word for it.
I can't see anything wrong with this message
An admirable effort
Don't worry, it's the internet so that angle has already been well covered:
Thanks friend, you have a good day! ([NAME] is fab btw just not quite [NAME] or [NAME] for me!)
I can be hard on KAT at times but boy am I glad he signed here for 5 more years
At about 4 i was running with a pole with one end in my mouth, i tripped and it went straight through the top of my mouth.
> the fact that it is illegal Watch out, we've got a time traveler over here!
When @idinamenzel says she's releasing more #IdinaParty tickets and you set an alarm to not miss it... #fingerscrossed #Idina. #idinaparty #fingerscrossed #idina
Sign my name to it too lol it was so awful we deserve pain and suffering for that!
Probably, I knew this lawn chair was a bad idea.
not really. but those people that go out of their way to say stuff like "have a blessed day" or whatever kinda creep me out.
Lmao this article is almost a year old. Yawn.
I love how she literally held [NAME] back, a few times. They’re adorable.
[NAME] is a gold digger but she’s actually a pretty cool chick
It's hard to start over. I wish you happiness.
I'm surprised [NAME] hasn't had a chance to be called up
I get my tax money back every year, no complaints. Plus the college and other skills i got were worth it.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** aerosvision! ^(hug)
No, I don't mind all that much. I just hate being subjected to second hand carcinogens
We can't let the 8 year olds who are playing an M rated game see all of this bad language!!
#LouiseLinton - haters gonna hate keep on being your#fabulous self they'll keep on being  #miserable #louiselinton #miserable
It's choking me and burning my eyes.
When you feel nervousness, tell yourself it's just excitement. Makes a world of difference. :)
Oh no, her eyebrows
Should you choose to have kids, you're going to make a good parent one day.
Also shout out to [NAME] for continuing his hard work and not giving up!
Thanks grandpa, it’s always good to see you around the holidays. That joke is hilarious every time!
Such a cool pic! Really wish the moon was in the dead middle though 🙃🙃
@RogueFatale Oh, you insult me! What, you think just because I look like this, I'm psycho? I'm more sane than most Gotham freaks...
Calling a 40k salary a humblebrag is still pretty funny in a self-deprecating way.
You're 105 years out of date. Please update your beliefs to the current version of the Constitution.
I can't stand the gelatinous tomato soup bit, or the soggy noodle letters, or the taste.
BibleMotivate: Are you worrying/worried?\n1Peter 5:7\nThrow all your worry on him, because he cares for you.#faith #leadership #worry #mindfu… #faith #leadership #worry #mindfu
Aww, what was your favorite thing you did with him while you were there?
I would be surprised if [NAME] doesn't let you in. I would write a letter to [NAME] and explain the situation they might make an exception.
You know better. People will just ignore this and move on to their next talking point.
I’d say probably not
I love u too <3
It's not about fixing anything, it's about making the wicked suffer.
You should check out [NAME] "thank you God"
I hope that the talk goes ok. Though with these justno's it may not. I'm glad that you are prepared if it goes south.
I love it. This made me smile so much, which is a big change from [NAME] which made me cry and further increase my depression.
YA KNOW WE TALKED ABOUT THAT JEEEM
I tried that. It doesn't work out very well. You become a machine.
For some reason, I read the "no tears" part like they want you to stop crying.
It's not an conscious choice to be uncomfortable about something.
Speaking of /u/'s "If your nips aren't leaky....if you ain't lactating....YOU SHOULD BE FUCKING PRACTICING!"
@KMunie7 @KaranEsch Helluva lot more animated than they were for the actual game &gt;.&lt;
"Stay in your lane, bro."
Exactly, you never know. Good luck for Monday!
Enjoy the ride!
and is where it's at!
[NAME] face looks like some actress/model who I can picture in my head but I cant remember her name
These mets know how to give someone anxiety #mets #lgm #anxiety @mets #mets #lgm #anxiety
Feudalism is statism, dumbass.
Wellllll...it's a look.
*looks at title* IS THAT A JOJO REFERENCE?!?!?!?!?!?
Death comes to all — some heavier than Mount Tai, some lighter than a feather. To die for the people is weightier than Mount Tai…
What is even more interesting is that I know exactly how I got this definition.
You can't fight the elephants until you have wrestled the pigs. #quoteoftheday #relentless #quoteoftheday #relentless
Huh I guess hes gotten calls to help someone bury stuff
And ate it. No wonder he died.
The liberal outrage over don king saying the N-word really angers me. The white yuppie progressives can go fuck themselves, shame on blacks
That's what I'd hope for! Retool the D day 1, if we could find a gem at QB day 2.
Its true. This week my family and I have found out that there is someone for everyone. I tell you there are some weird people out there.
Well said man. I hope you’re doing better now. Love the username btw.
Wow, your sister has problems. It seems like [NAME] deserves free Netflix for dealing with that
If you are following the schedule, your kid got up to 6 in one visit...at 2 months.
Yeah, it's disgusting & I'm so disturbed by everything going on. Never ever would I have believed this is where people were headed.
Yup, thanks, I've got someone coming this week - good idea
Not just esports "news" but all news now just copy and pastes off reddit.
Thank you! And i understand that one too.
It’s so crazy how [NAME] went from being an elite goaltender to barely an ahl bum in a matter of 2-3 years. I cri
[NAME] was such a nasty POS. In his dirty wifebeaters with his malt liquor. “Men have needs...” He disgusts me.
Spoiler: I think they mean me, even though I would hope that is literally the opposite of what my comments have been doing.
Off topic your username is awesome.
Tournament was a blast met some really cool people loved it all. Thanks for holding it. Would love to do it again someday
Unique in a subreddit dedicated to finding concurring views? xD Oof
Well, yes and no.
Them or me? I like to catch up on it in the afternoon and drinking helped with the last few.
Wtfffff why can’t I have all of the benefits and none of the consequences :( :(
Came here to say this. I thank you kindly. Long live America. 😁
Ok you're a little homophobic
I am shy at first.It usually takes me a few minutes to assess the jaw of the people i am hanging out with and then i will act according🤷🏽‍♀️
She truly looks like a puma, beautiful!!
> +Beal from last year would have been a 1st/2nd I beg your pardon?
Unable. It's not really possible. It's not his only interest but it's the one I can't really do anything about.
Ok. You’re just being silly now. Good night.
Why is Bayless low key good?
Media City Building maybe? 1 Heerengracht St, Cape Town City Centre, Cape Town, 8000
Because you’re insecure with double standards, got it.
thats not good
cancer is incredibly difficult to get a vaccine from, since it is unique to everyone. Different DNA in each one. both are hard to cure.
*me Doesn't make any sense if your anxiety is afraid of these things, since it would be scared and go away then.
@kwelbyroberts they will come and you will rejoice at their arrival.
Complain about it.
They probably didn't know.
The room really isn't a room, it is as though she is kneeling on the floor but I don't see any walls.
Only a sith deals in absolutes.Fuck that guy.
Man people say baseball is dragged out but football is realllyyyy dragged out
> Suggestions like this are why Blizzard don't take their own community seriously. This should be this sub's slogan.
@JustPyroNow are you gonna do any kind of community raids when wrath of the machine drops?
Oh heck owo
Happy Birthday to my favorite author, @StephenKing #horror #writer #author #horror #writer #author
No, they need UYU to beat EG.
Another joyful encounter in Tribez &amp; Castlez! I just met Mouchole, Ogre Cook! Do you want to know who that is? Download the game and find...
It is a cult, and if the cultists don't keep feeding the delusion they will start doubting their beliefs.
I understand. Sorry that happened to you. Stay strong!
Seriously, check his food. It is upsetting his stomach.
All those empty seats smh. Imagine paying $300+ just to see the Rangers get slaughtered at home. And yet, I still want more goals haha.
Omg yes lol
3 under 3?! You are a true hero.
Atonement is just something else. [NAME] is just so lovely in his writing.
I'd rather continue throwing money into these foreign sinkholes than use it to mess up the healthcare markets any further.
Attention, [NAME]! The Empire is attacking the city! I've got a score to settle...
If the issue is Abortion yes. My generation was genocided.
Im glad I am able to help others, even if its just yourself. Stay strong and look after yourself. You can do this 💪
No, she is my ex from a long time ago and we are still good mates
She's just going to suck you back in.
I usually say 8.5, cuz there's a good chunk of 9 that's really good but some REALLY bad
Wow, the video is a lot worse than I thought. His actions after he asks for the age is very uncomfortable.
Ah the good old fake dossier they admitted to fabricating Quality “comedy”
Imagine how many ksones are crying right now for not getting tickets 😭 Meanwhile, isones dont even get a chance to go on war for tickets 😭
I thought this was about prostitution, which sounded reasonable enough at first. Then it got all rapey 😫
Seeing him RT rev gave me some hope which hurts worse
I had a friend who got cussed out hardcore because his last name was [NAME] “koons”...and that was his exact response lol
How is your toddler coping with the new arrival? Has he tried killing her yet?' they cheerfully ask.
I find this sooooo strange
Fuck the haters [NAME] > Everybody
Oh gosh dang it
if [NAME] got a divorce he would stop doing this
Could have cropped out whoever took the pic.
Nothing’s impossible. The EU has legislated mandatory use of Type-C. Are you sure Apple will give up the European market?
Refuge Recovery Boston - Weds 7:30-9 pm. #healing #support #addiction #recovery #buddhism #meditation #sober #cambma #meeting #harvardsq #healing #support #addiction #recovery #buddhism #meditation #sober #cambma #meeting #harvardsq
:^)
@lmench i'm actually offended by it.  naming the most fattening sandwich after a man who died of coronary disease likely due to his diet?
I know, don't worry ;)
[NAME], but I’m not sure he is gonna be a piston for a long time.
OP is just a kid. Let's just move on.
[NAME], with his 8th appearance he's the most veteran player there
I saw MSNBC talk about her twice and I haven’t really been watching the news
But uncle buck is on tho . #UncleBuck  #unclebuck
Is ketaconazole scheduled?
I went to the doctor today to get my ears cleaned...-I got my ears `` Flushed '' because I did have a problem, and it was too close to a dangerous area.
@UNHumanRights @UNDP_Pakistan wat an irony? #Pakistan lecturing the world on curbing #terrorism #pakistan #terrorism
@BookOfKaells @quennell3_ no blues?!
I spent the entire time trying not to yell at the TV. [NAME] and [NAME] can fuck right off.
So no. All you have is lies and delusions. Thanks for the confirmation
@Christelle_C Actually, wait, I do, the constant outrage thing gets on my wick sometimes and it happened to flick my annoyance today. :)
It's embarrassing!
Imagine how sad LA fans are gona be when they get eliminated...Man that's gonna be Nirvana, a religious experience rejoicing in their misery
[NAME] can stuff it, but I’ll take the disengagement from the Administration for what it is.
Thank you! I had no idea this existed
as is tradition, guy who played for us scores against us to make us lose, third time in three months
Booty matters MUCH more in my opinion
Teen spirit sure ain't what it used to be...
Yeah but if you do have a problem you'll be faced with a very difficult decision.
Egyptian officials expressed frustration and outrage over the Obama/Hillary administration’s support of the Muslim Brotherhood
Damn well I would love to eventually monetize, right now I’m drawing custom thot portraits on Fiverr but no bites yet lol
That’s what we said about 2017 and 2018 after 2016 it only got worse and it’s not gonna get any better I guarantee
I'm surprised who posted this bc she's normally a sweet women but then there was this
It's near Brooklyn. Very woodsy, couple nice little antique shops. Most definitely the middle of nowhere.
'This one?' \n'A bit odd looking isn't he? Pointy.' The alien asked. \n'Perhaps. But he'll be #wonderful. He's from the Steve pile.' #vss365 #wonderful #vss365
First day of fall quarter tomorrow.  😰 #nervous #excited #anxious #blargh #nervous #excited #anxious #blargh
Their dad got home just a tad bit early and barged into the room because he heard the moaning.
Women should have all the same rights as men. That does not include ending another human’s life.
Gonna hazard a guess they adversely affected the Saints worse.
Why upping rooms makes a few apprehend leaving out charcoal ownership: UnZU
Me neither. We can’t figure out why [NAME] won’t compromise
Life izn't about pleasing each others...😕\n\n #hell #with  #hell #with
An oldey but a goodey! Phew!
Let me add to them - it was awesome. Also unexpected!
It's a shame that anyone has to deal with that sort of feeling. I'm sorry that you had a similar experience. No one deserves that.
Exactly!! I wish she would cooperate to plan appointments like this.
Since it's a very unlucky case i would tell you to just have a really big amount of pacience and maybe have a date once a time
remind me of this kid. Young people just being innocent on the internet
My entire body aches now
Side deflects are stupid hard to pull off imo also because you might be used to 500ms lights or slower heavies for deflects his 600ms lights might throw you off
And the rest that women complain the most are still there to pump them and dump them. No matter how fast she puts out.
The way i eat fried rice that may be practical for me. Love me some fried rice.
Damn *fabulous*!
This is horribly disgusting. It's worse than the god damn chicken wire.
Staying committed for 24 years is already remarkable; even more so that his physical condition still meets the standard — “remarkable” doesn’t even begin to describe it.
Also, there are too many steps to a delivery. That needs to be made more efficient and the app needs night mode.
@VivienLloyd Thank you so much! Just home - stunned but so happy. Don't think it has sunk in yet! Wow.
This caught me off guard for real. I actually off my bed laughing. +1
This is beautiful
[NAME] - I misspelt and can’t correct it now
[NAME] there are so,many. But my favorite are: Hold you in my arms ~ [NAME] Dont forget me ~ Way out west [NAME] ~ [NAME]
NO MAN LEFT BEHIND
“Stop replying to me as I send you a message first!” Oh, meat eaters ❤️
I am more of a dumbass for building a $2500 308 AR-10 for my first rifle... regret it but just not willing to sell it till this day
Where did you hear this? Sorry I never heard of this and I'm kinda interested now
It would be sweet if they got into accidents with guardrails and massive trees.
Dude my brother just paid $300 for an ounce, can’t wait for legalisation
That'd be a funnier picture if it was just a picture of the floor with nothing on it
You can take those inserts and shove them where the sun doesn't shine. Begone anti-vaxxer.
Dear future big brother players, just chase dick all season and you too can win 500,00 dollars and an Sti #bb18  #bb18
I was like you man, 3 felt so bad. But street part 4 3 becomes a so bad it's hilarious imo.
Oh i already watched the whole thing when it aired. That match was awesome! I just wanna rewatch the last 20 mins of the womens rumble
Nope, in reality this does never happen indeed. Cant we see what the problem is here?
Sorry, I meant C
best: buy flowers because you want to make you SO smile worst: keep going because love is what matters not the issues
That IS a fun fact
YES! I can't recommend this TED Talk enough and I think it's really disappointing that many portions of the left have caved in to anti-nuclear hysteria.
[NAME]. Gun crimes are pretty much unheard of on that side of the pond, isn't it? RIP.
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @matt.boss #lively #musicallyjh #lively #musicallyjh
Pft, don't kid yourself.
And the gal and guy behind her. All looking over there like "whaaaa- smile for the camera!"
Glad to see you were able to get this worked out, thx for the update!
He might be happy to discover that he is the father of someone with superpowers! LOL
Thanks! I'm so keen :)
Wow, sorry, bruh. I didn’t realize we were in the presence of genius. Please elaborate.
Just because someone wants to be a journalist, doesn’t mean they are. That’s pretty simple.
Yep, bit by bit — one day Dad’ll be so annoyed he’ll fund my new house.
Guys, even worse: He *paid* someone to set it up. Wow.
Okay thanks. I'll see if I can find out how to do that.
This is exactly what I told him. I went the fuck off. Lol
the Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace. Numbers 6:26 #truth #trust #promise #calm #justice #great #mighty #protected #delight #truth #trust #promise #calm #justice #great #mighty #protected #delight
OMG! I can only imagine. I've gotten it into a hang nail before and that was NOT fun.
I know what you mean, man. I can't keep from commenting on some things...
The government won't let scientists do studies on it, so we're stuck with anecdata until they stop being assholes.
Right? Don't want to get my hopes up for a rumor.
Wow, kinda lame that if this true, most of us probably don't know about it.
then its lost man. So sad!...its terrible
Who had sent him threatening notes last week.
Oh I missed that part. So the cheeky poster was referring to that crash. ;0
One is explainable, the other still stumps me.
OH NO, PARENTS ARE SUPPORTIVE😱😱
Isn't North Dakota more important? Or are they just the sacrificial canary in the coal mine?
@HillaryClinton @TheDemocrats It's ok 2 be disgusted or dishearten with presidential race but don't let that stop u from voting IT MATTERS
I don't like this gif and that makes me a [NAME] supporter? My argument has not once brought him up. You are an insidious liar.
I'm not taking sides but 14 AB vs 182...
Mama [NAME] is not gonna be happy
yes Yes YES # YES
Damn hippies.
This is nasty NSFW
This was right before sunset when we got in bed and I instantly fell asleep.
Lmao there is a reason they are one of the poorest and this is definitely a contributor..
there's no limit when it comes to owning dogs.. more dogs = more love
Honestly if you put it in your head that it won't it'll just be a pleasant surprise if he does
Because you are young and it happens. You feel like you’ll never find someone else but you will.
#dmme #kikme  #sext #horny  #ass #bbw  #naughty  #pussy #kik   #nudes  only  girls  😩 horny  #snap    jacobgigs #dmme #kikme #sext #horny #ass #bbw #naughty #pussy #kik #nudes #snap
Good instincts to try to get move out of the road. Hope they are alright.
I’m so sorry the internet has inconvenienced you
This is a great coming out, I also which it went this well for everyone 🏳️‍🌈
It's not what you said. It was the way you said it.
No irony. Liberals are brainwashed.
I never thought about that last part - how cool! He is lucky to have you for an owner, you seem very caring!
I just deleted my save file trying to load it up. Now I have to start. All. Over. Again. I am going to freaking kill someone. Pray for me.
It’s nice to look at the comments and see other people who don’t like this.
I tried it that way first and thought this was better, thanks for the input though!
Would that be seen as a scam? I mean I would think taking advantage of people with below average IQ would be a violation of the NAP
What about urban [NAME] supporters who are socially liberal and want to see tax dollars used efficiently?
I know people around here may mock me from my optimism but what if we get actual desings for the crusaders in Heroes?
CUE THE MUSIC!!!
Do you spend the majority of your time scouring shite newspaper articles?
I always wondered what turned the deer albino. Must have been from fright.
... the eagle was chosen as the emblem of US in 1782. How are your timelines this messed up?
Oh well, very nice then :)
I love you.
Omfg. I haven’t seen this one before, and I’m in tears! Thank you!
One of my favorite porn sites ever. If you're looking for good incest porn, it's the place to go.
Dude I don’t even know what that guys deal is, but honestly, I feel bad for him
Is it a radical opinion to say no two consenting adults should not be able to kill each other lol
[NAME] turned it into one, because they insisnt on being on the wrong side of history for every single god damn issue.
i think my calf super muscular le.
Wow what a final quarter. [NAME] throwing two intersepts. What a dog
I love being a mom. My little is almost 4 weeks old and I feel like I was made for this.
Well, bless your heart
I tell them I've been a fan since the very beginning of the franchise, so there's no way I could be a bandwagoner
Like it was over wayyyyy too fast for a real one. Shit, the Taliban lasted for years, and ISIS is still a huge problem.
Almost heaven...
I feel bad for my kids who will never get to see [NAME] play... [NAME] on the other hand...
So in other words you don’t have one? So much for attempting to be on the same page.
Full time tennis fans are pompous and annoying.
@BBCBreaking I have some mistrust of the medical profession.  The cover up was more important than the patients.
You have to live for you. Go get that education, go get that career. Rediscover yourself.
He hates the Falcon because his dad would leave him all the time on it as a kid
there's an entire street in my neighborhood that's lined with 80+ year old magnolias on both sides. It's amazing.
Good to hear - I am glad you at least have that choice.
I have no confidence to boost
Lmao doesn’t even try to refute.
so probably hunger and depression and dissociating equals a weird time anything else
No. We have the same desire. No one should be told how to live.
Makes you wonder about the superbike which was going even faster..
Lol ahh man this made me laugh so hard. That filled my laugh gauge for the day.
Fuck my life
My favorite thing is his friend in the back
You've never smelled a woman on her period? It's awful.
@SkyUK not impressed by your customer support. Forcing customers to use fb chat or sms! Very slow. issue is not getting sorted
#NawazSharif confesses that #Pakistan  supports #terror at #unga\n#BurhanWani #nawazsharif #pakistan #terror #unga
That's a nice way to say "being forcibly removed as illegal immigrants.".
She’s got time to clap back cause she left the gig early huh?
Yay!!! Finally the fix we're all looking for after hours of endless scrolling.
Right? I hear too many horror stories of people ordering online and not getting the copy on the release date. I would be so pissed.
That's the purpose of the experiment.
It was one of the most spiritual moments of my life.
You're talking about something complete different there.
That’s crazy how much [NAME] dunks compared to the rest of these guys
Sometimes all you need is to know someone else has been there and believes you can do it too. You got this. Keep it up!
One way ticket to the blues.
They're mad
Good assumption there except for the part where I didn't vote for the guy.
Just died from laughter after seeing that😂😭😂😭
The pandemic fluctuates endlessly — Beijing’s numbers are high. We must tailor measures, enforce policy, coordinate defenses, and hope it fades soon.
Yeah I sympathize with this sentiment. The flow of Michigan fans into the cfb subreddit this year was overwhelming. Even as a fan I was irritated.
When the player is reasonable with his demands and the team is reasonable with their offer, magic stuff can happen.
I thought we had a rule against incel content?
Oh, I like this! Where’d you get it?
Tuck her in and give her a kiss on the forehead
> set suggested.
not much better tbh
The majority of people irritate the fuck out of me, cba with people ahahah
Throw them for a real loop and make them confused; "We're not related just twins."
If you want to live the dream, good luck! I won’t change my mind until I get my stolen ETH back from them
“To fight there civil rights battles for them.” Okay, with that in mind, do you agree with the message of the Gillette ad?
It's a bit of a saying from [NAME]. What I like to also say is love the person, hate the behaviour
After he did the one year contract last year I'm not seeing him staying here with no improvement from our team.
No we didn't just bully our professor to move the Chem quiz to Monday 😂
Can’t wait till they oversell it once again. Never change.
News flash scrims don’t mean shit.
You don’t know what love is till you’ve fished a turd out of the bathtub for someone.
Hmm, not gathering much—it’s nice to rest at home for a few days, visit both sets of parents, and as an only child, it’s simpler this way.
how'd you get into my brain???
You are going to do the dishes now
no, educate yourself like an anarchist.
Removed? Damn no respect.
Thats pretty lewd.
What's the point of marching for life when you don't respect those living in front of you? I'll never understand these schmucks.
@scotydoesntkn0 start buying Death Wish Coffee and shake hands with espresso every now and then.
Seriously, [NAME], if you happen to see this, I love not just your work, but who you are. Thanks for being awesome. ❤️
Do you mean they will win 3 championships in 58 years? Otherwise I don’t understand your comment.
not sure I agree. whispers of madness can set up [NAME] signature and being card draw is always useful in the first lane.
It's not funny. Your neighbor doesn't sound very bright.
If you want a one minute story told in half an hour then ask [NAME] to tell it.
YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH WHEN YOU’RE TALKIN’ TO ME!
It's not much, but it's honest work.
Man, my USDA loan took months to process even when the govt wasn’t shut down.
#IDidNotVoteForThisClown! #ididnotvoteforthisclown
Which guy is that again? Theres also [NAME], hyper pro military special ops guy.
I completely agree with you just the whole mood against abortion gets my blood boiling.
>How do you know I didn't Because you posted this dumbass post. And only someone who didn't would say that
Is that Arcade club i spy? I love it there!
Fosu-Mensa is having a nightmare 15 minutes. Difference between Premier League reserves and League 1 is still wide
bored waiting for the game [NAME]
I see you're a man of culture as well. But realistically this will never happen because... Disney :/
I don't know him well but I have met him a few times through a mutual friend. Really nice guy and very young for his age.
Oh, right -- hospital scene faxing the sketch of [NAME]? I just realized.
Let's us both hope you will be losing it come by the end of the September then... LOL It would be freaking awesome if it happens.
Oohhh so you go to school on a military base? Is your mom or dad in the military or both?
That's a classic. You have good taste.
Oh we're doing this again huh
I actually enjoy doing this on my own. Am I weird?
Eagles lucked out between the missed fg and the shotty refs... I don't see the game in new Orleans going this way at all
Clearly. Sometimes, this woman baffles me with her stupidity
Damn how do you post something directly to the front page?
If only he could’ve known that [NAME] made it out safe and got to live honestly for a little while
&gt;Me: "Wait, really?
Its a funny joke but it's delivered horribly
Now I'm back at @wxpnfm and am elated to record @mannequinpussy fucking shit up in our studio this evening.
You go home now
I used to know a woman who got a lot of freelance work out of okcupid. Never done it myself though.
That makes me super hesitant. I wouldn’t be upset if we end up with him but the last thing this team needs is raw players.
She looks like one of my exs always feels weird seeing her about
They’ve changed their mind so clearly they would change their position when scrutinised. Like you said though, he was ignored.
It makes me feel good. Wholesome is a very subjective thing.
Early morning cheerfulness can be extremely obnoxious #ALDUB62ndWeeksary #aldub62ndweeksary
Just be glad you’re not his wife
I never said prostitution doesn't exist. I said it is off the streets.
Ok, it seems there is still hope in BSNL 🙂\nNow, BB speed is ok 🙂\nBut I won't thank and elate much lest it be gone again like before 😐🙂
Maybe I should try to get my hands on some.
@BrightPigSEO @BrightPigSEO we provide dignified and professional funerals at prices families can afford #satisfied clients #bright pig #satisfied #bright
I’m glad
that sounds cool, i will make sure to check something like that out.
So juicy i'm surprised the man from Del Monte isn't knocking at his door.
Except [RELIGION].
I have serious separation anxiety 😭😭💔
Holy shit. Thank you everyone. Thanks for the gold and silver :)
Had my first kiss last month at 22. It does feel great. Good job bro.
@JaySekulow what can we do 2 get @realDonaldTrump 2 reveal his taxes? That is the immediate danger. But u will not answer me.
Not enough that the median incomes for those without a degree to be close enough to those that did as to not be significant.
It's back up now. Sorry for the mess with moderation, wasn't our fault.
I was never so happy to have my feet on solid ground though.
I wqs explqining my problems and my past to him, sort of venting, and that's when he offered.
= Okay blablabla ~ And then, the dentist check up my teeth.
I completely agree they got fucked on that no call. And I absolutely love it.
Holy hell, that sub is nice.
Need advice on how to get out of this rut!!!!  #needmotivation #needmotivation
~~24 hours is for an adult. Adults can get lost but they have means to come back home if they are just lost~~ Edit: forgive my ignorance
Get the feeling @Eurosport_UK and @itvcycling might be reviewing showing all stages in full. Poor @robhatchtv @nedboulting 😴😴😴 😉 #dull #dull
Crosspost! We're cool with crossposts.
I read a news piece 10-15 years ago about how much garbage China dumps at sea. The numbers were staggering back then.
I'm assuming OP is female and the other person is male.
She was so posh it frightened me. I'm still scared.
Truth Yeah keep living in your reality lol Delusional idiot
I would hope that Cartoon Network would have nothing to do with it. Would hate to see them "Teen Titan" ASOIAF.
Forthwith this group will remain unnamed, verily so that we might avoid bringing ire upon ourselves for a simple observation.
The bitch doesnt need drag race (bc shes amazing) but im still sad.
May you be as free as the wind, as bright as the stars, as beautiful as poetry, as vast as dreams, as melodic as songs, as vivid as paintings — stay true, fly bravely.
There used to be a group of local kids that would take pears from the tree in my back garden and throw them at people's houses.
I like this one
The #secret to all of every industry: just #start doing it...somehow people forget that they never gave you #permission.' - @thomaslennon #secret #start #permission
[NAME] family must be having a field day there today!
All this from a cigarette burning in Laura's hand, the angle of her chin, the purse of her lips.'(104) Gorgeous transition!@laurengrodstein
Tori beats Black Beard, without a doubt. They also give you these weird fingertip-covers to eat the chicken so you don’t feel sticky.
LMFAO wtf that's great
Thanks, not sure how I missed that. Fixed it!
To show themself in public like that they never did grow up. A 11 year old in a 25 year old body. Sad, really.
Omg yesssss. It’s such an amazing combo
Dear everyone at HSSU, stop walking with your phones up so I can smile and wave at you and you can smile and wave back :(
Come and join in with #cakeclubhour tomorrow afternoon from 3pm! #bizhour  #cakeclubhour #bizhour
*  In trying to include new mother in law into the wedding festivities, I invited her to pick out the flower girl dress for her granddaughter (her other son's daughter).
Great list!
Yes, I could do that, except it's his personal facebook, so that's kind of weird.
But really though, it really contextualizes how bad this coaching search has been that the Rams' QB coach is the only guy we can be optimistic about
[NAME] scoring when he wants. I'm loving his game. Unstoppable.
We also one because [NAME] straight took that game over late.
Never been so close to a group ass-wooping in my life.
This sub: YOU SHOULDN'T SWERVE TO AVOID A COLLISION This sub: WHY DIDN'T SHE SWERE TO AVOID THE COLLISION
While it is unfortunate to hear that he is no longer interested, I hope that this brought some level of closure to you.
I'm appalled that your roommate straight up destroyed perfectly good leftovers that way
He loved Diddy Kong Racing, that's the main thing.
Havent been working for 10 years at this company about 5 now, but i have overall 10 years experience
To be honest I miss the deep bomb on 3rd and 2. Watching the Browns game reminded me how I always love when it worked.
I love the enthusiasm inherent in the scream. I never saw anything wrong with it. Not to mention the most innocent, innocuous dancing video ever.
They have my favorite reality shows too like Hell’s Kitchen and Survivor.
😑😑😑&lt;---- that moment you finish a Netflix series and have nothing else to watch. #depression #depression
That what my friend says who still wears garments.
@skyfootball manchester united...still untrusted iam afraid i might loose my bet
You're right, but you forgot to mention they are registered [NAME]
PS4 but thank you anyway
I pray that you will have strenght to fight for yourself and go NC.
I hate the argument too. It betrays and exposes the violent, primitive ape amygdala response that is most Human social interaction.
I don't like [NAME] but I'd never wish this fate to any parent.
Makes sense. Interesting perspective.
A Pulitzer Prize winning journalist wrote the piece. It is still not clear exactly what was “inaccurate” in the article.
My eyes have been dilated. I hate the world right now with the rage of a thousand fiery dragons. I need a drink.
We *do* deserve animals if we give them lovings! Don’t talk so down about yourself, silly .. that’s what that kitty would say !
@_Inferno217_ @PaladinsGame ummm that dragons fury though..
@MerenthaProphet - the Hunter in this way, content and joyous in simple, domestic bliss? I cannot wait for word of who you truly are to -
[NAME] just got punched in the face
No, you were not stupid. You were young and vulnerable, and they took advantage of that.
Experts casually claiming “80%” from single-digit samples to represent tens of millions — this says a lot about their research attitude.
This just makes me angry.
Have any of you ever stayed in hostels overseas? My only frame of reference is the movie Hostel, and we all know how that went.
I watch it 4-5 times every time it comes up. I think there is something wrong with me...
@dilancliff @jackcourtney95 @ConnorGarnett1 Connor said he's worried that Jack will steal his girls on a night out
This is what you get for starring in a mediocre movie
Yeah mine asked me to marry her over email and then ghosted me for three weeks...
Thanks man. We had a taste of the storm Thursday. In South Central PA, we are all ready for the shit to fall.
You didn’t sell that stock did you? I am sorry i hope the company rebounds.
I thought it got a nerf when the spirit got released. My bad. But I still stand by, healing against the legion is pointless.
Clearly we made a good crime-fighting team.
Umm, I don’t think empathy means what you think it means...🤷‍♀️
If you really care like you state @flyfrontier @FrontierCare then I would seriously address sensitivity training to your employees #awful #awful
Same here. My refund almost doubled from last year. I almost cried when I saw how much I'm getting back.
I dont know, you sound like a rarity in FA circles, in my experience most FA´s arent outgoing and dont have big circles of friends
thanks man, i'll do one for him surely, im planning to make one for every player in our squad :)
OHHHHH! THAT ONE! Oh, *[NAME]*...
The only problem with this plan is that [NAME] won’t survive that long, lol
Yeah I think this is a well rounded pov. Agree.
I like how submissive the coyote is being to this tiny little cat. Like, dude, you could just eat him.
They scammed you by wasting your time
“Thank you bus driver! Thank you navigator!”
True! He probably is just lonely. Thank you for the kind words :)
hope he keeps his shit together, he can become great
we got stuck on pandemonium lol it was so funny.I hurt my foot somehow lol figures now that I have no insuarance and I'm waiting to hear back from mass health.
Seriously! Such an odd way to ask a question about traveling.
I don't think eating 4 eggs at a time is going to clog your arteries, unless you do it like 6 times a day
#heavyheart these last couple of days, who are the cause of this  #fear of losing someone close ? #amerikkka #kkkops #TerenceCrutcher #heavyheart #fear #amerikkka #kkkops #terencecrutcher
Shit, I lost the original page. Please forgive me.
Okay will try to contact the restaurant owner/manager
Yeah, they're on whatever the opposite of a roll is today.
There’s a big difference between “I felt bad for her but there was nothing I could do” and “not my problem.”
Was that bottom caption really necessary?
@TMobileHelp my service is down in Cleveland, OH. What's going on? #unhappy #unhappy
I talked to her family previous co workers and friends
> especially now that Sweden stopped their program What program did we stop? I'm lost here.
This will get us focused and we’ll play hard with a vengeful attitude next couple games
I didnt see a ref's hand up, I was about to have a stroke
Making that yearly transition from excited and hopeful college returner to sick and exhausted pessimist. #college #college
Don’t over-interpret! Do you know how this wave in Henan started? Anyang’s outbreak was caused by a student returning from Tianjin; Zhoukou’s by two people sneaking back from Xi’an! Consider local realities — small towns lack resources for robust prevention. If everyone went home like in Anyang, could they celebrate safely? Now there’s a curfew — wasting so many resources! And can’t you see the media’s selective reporting?
Now i need an island visit and a nice beef dip from the Crown and Gate!
Hell is a great town. Don't you dare conflate it with those maze and blue bastards!
You know, I'm rather disappointed, but admire your cunning at the same time
Y’all are the bomb thank you :)
No worries. Just didn't see them. My bad.
But it looks so cute
Wonderful :D, she looks like [NAME] from Frozen, or [NAME] form Dota 2. Great job!
Definitely teased you ;) I think it was punishment for lifting at 8 instead of 5 this morning Prez.
I love this idea
Alright, thanks. I appreciate you taking your time to explain that to me.
No offense, but your parents are assholes.
Then I find writing of us only eating it during winter strange.
It’s never been good lol
General population are scared of press
Whenever a new guy apologises for taking a while to back i just tell him it takes longer if he hits something, so no worries.
Like I said, most loved and most hated for now. We'll all get over it eventually.
yes and I'm glad that this nonsense stops with me
+1. I don’t make it to DuPont anymore unfortunately. If you’re in Rosslyn, I’d recommend American Threading Plus.
Water is not a human rights. That's absurd.
Earlier they said Bolenggai’s knees couldn’t bend, now it’s his nose too high for masks? Was that train officer fake?
Holy shit.....just holy shit
Thinking about life this morning and how something is missing. — feeling restless
Oh. My. [NAME]. I can’t handle this
I like hearing about these positive encounters.
[NAME] is in no way comparable to [NAME]. [NAME] is an imbecile.
@F1 Why announcing so late, it will be hard to make it from Manchester and organising a day off. #sad #sad
I went to this sushi spot &amp; they had tobi &amp; an ANBU mask hung on the wall behind them. I will start going there even tho I don't eat seafood
Imagine thinking that a rapist isn't deserving of prison. He's not even sorry.
I like her too! I hope she does well and stays away from [NAME].
Don’t put that evil on [NAME]
@soozclifford Sure have... Sydney are too tough, too quick and their 'team' pressure is too much for the Cats to handle. Motlop/Cowan
I just looked that up... Dear [NAME] why?
Only thing TO know is that this motherfucker is obviously living his best birdy life and good for him. Fly high little buddy, fly high.
Lol. Exactly
@AriZernial @NesquikMills don't let him discourage you Z! That's one of the best ideas yet!
When I get real pissed I just do R2 then R3 after lol.
Those words you used. I don't want to believe that exists.
I read this while taking a sip of tea. Bad idea
I just want to be alone in a cabin up north near flagstaff.
Nice try, bot!
>Pri*toiletries*
Rumor says he failed the medical. Probably false but this is Arsenal anything can happen.
He's also obviously quite upset about something.
This was good. I’m not the OP, but thanks for posting.
Hope the only downsizing that happens is someone downsizes your age
I MEAN HE'S NOT WRONG
>it should be **illegal** to teach **religion** to young children Do you believe in a separation of church in state though?
i love those #memories that randomly pop\ninto my head , have me #smiling like an\n#idiot for ages 󾌴 #memories #smiling
We cant say dodgeball these days. It’s forbidden. Like how we call anal sex “Lawyer love” now.
I like to hope I can convert some of mine.
My score per minute is terrible because I only snipe so asking the wrong person. Sorry dude
Yo this 3 v 3 overtime in hockey got me sweaty damn this ish exhilarating
smiling but we're close to tears
I washed it out and for about 3 days my eye stayed bloodshot.
Who's to say she'll pay for funerals? Why not just dig a mass grave and call it a day?
Is it bad if I didnt even know he was on waivers....
Threatening to drive your sisters into the ocean is illegal. It's called making a terroristic threat or menacing and can cause her to lose access to your sisters
Heya, how would u rate this story? Esp compared to 2 before? ;)
You can be gone for several months and they won't care, nor even notice.
Your husband isn’t at all worried about your reputation since he’s the one who spread the lie. Something to think about
so abused...
It's not the best hockey but the boys have regrouped nicely after that horrible game in Edmonton
That's so horrible. I am so sorry that you had to endure that abuse. I hope that you have a bed that you love now.
Damn girl, Stockholm syndrome is strong with you. All I can say is I wish you all the best.
Listen carefully and watch me wink as I speak. The guy I'm really looking for, *wink*, is Mr. [NAME], *wink wink*.
Losing the will 2 live with @virginmedia business bb gone down on hold for 23 minutes &amp; whoever picked up cut me off  #NoWorkForMe #noworkforme
That whole episode has some heartbreaking moments. It is probably my top Parks And Rec episode.
Almost straight up, cannot tell how high, I saw this weird rainbow.
🖐✋🤚🤘🤛🤟🖖🤙👋 *Crude attempt to wave my hands at you 🤗
@judahandthelion TONIGHT. Legit can't wait to rage 🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🔥
@RadioX @ChrisMoyles wow. not heard this in forever. Random but. great #sting #xph #sting #xph
@MaxVenator We've had no foreign policy but have had goofy Secretary of State John Kerry with his devil may care pose and jaunty blue scarf.
We still have this?!!!!!!!! What?!
if it's harassment its a criminal charge. I haven't read the decision yet but this seems like a stretch based on what i know.
And you act like [RELIGION] wasn’t used to fuel slavery and control slaves go off tho...
Where are my testicles, [NAME]? Edit: thanks for the silver!
They’re trying to escape the crushing oppression of gender roles. It’s not a fun sexy fetish to them the way it is to TiMs.
Nothing wrong with that! Sounds awesome :)
Rooney = whipping boy. #mufc  #mufc
I’d love the current battle system blended with the old system of sneak/blending and a modern day story that Ubisoft actually care about.
Shame on you @SkyNews showing an elephant being hunted and killed,
Yeah, as a [NAME] id love to see the two biggest talents of Mexico and the US play together
Ohh it gets even more interesting:
Old toothless finally coming out of his den?
I sure hope so
I love the [NAME] conspiracy and this is a good addition! Thanks for sharing.
You have a #problem? Yes! Can you do #something about it? No! Than why #worry #problem #something #worry
Cuddling. God damn is it comforting to just snuggle up in my girlfriend's arms and sit there for a while
I read his book. I liked it. Sensible advice, and he's a good writer with an interesting background.
Most traffic violations are victimless crimes and fining people for them is wrong.
@GMModular @goldmedalindia  horrible experience with a company like this #goldmedal #horrible sales person #wrong commitments#wrongproduct #goldmedal #horrible #wrong
Welcome to adulthood my bro.
I still think hating [NAME] isn't a good move for them. Could turn those undocumented [NAME] into undocumented [NAME].
im aware. im trying to figure out how the heck you found it in what i said. even after given context to the situation.
It's funny how he even has the same attitude in both shows.
Damn that’s a big F from me :(
Stay in bed and binge watch a new show, my suggestion Brooklyn 99
My prayers are with the family, friends &amp; members of @VCFD  as you mourn the loss of Engineer Ryan Osler. #LODD #RIP #lodd #rip
Did you just assume my networth? Fucking pleb, I'll have you in the salt mines shining boots.
i hope she is dead now and can not hurt anyone else.
Just reading this makes me sick
I don’t believe that. They already said the [NAME] aren’t coming back and your choices in Season 3 don’t matter.
Oh man. I had to do it last year. Hopefully my leaders think more highly of me this year.
Be fiscally responsible and you could save a couple thousand probably, while still enjoying much of what this wonderful city has to offer.
I imagined a big last stand but it was just kind of a mess
But really Vanilla Ice is scum RIP [NAME] and [NAME]
TYM is the best place for that kind of thing.
You lot are sick ! I tell you sick!! Lol
Dude wtf that was definitely off Brooklyn
@hm_custserv #awful service at your Camden store yesterday. Assistants thought it more important to put clothes on hangers than serve. #awful
Damn. Moving like that in those heels is impressive.
His style may be tacky, fine—but not “suggestive.” Some see a good figure and instantly sexualize it.
Was at the game yesterday and at the game now. It's a miserable gong show. Why do I keep doing this to myself?
Should tell the people at 4chan. They will help you forget this
I can guarantee you for many the hate for this administration started much before the election results were in.
Sorry, I just got to give you an extra upvote for 'twat waffle'. It really sums it up marvellously.
You can slice it anyway. If it has sugar or heavy sugar than tax it or go for specific categories like soda and candy etc.
@JordanChariton If that doesn't out Dem's in panic mode then I don't know what will...
I like these cultures and would be happy to tell you what sort of work qualifications/licensure/certification have you acquired, if any?
I do avoid it.
I assure you I probably didn’t.
So that means the Vikings are the Purple Cobras...
Wow are you saying political agitators will drum up a controlled crisis and disseminate the edited video through a foreign fake twitter account
I hope you have good people around to support one another.
That is interesting. Can you site some sources or anything on this matter ? I am genuinely intrigued .
I’m pregnant and my dog is with my parents across the country while we renovate. The feels were too much 😭
So I suppose they’re more like the flying monkeys than the wicked witch?
I'm down for a [NAME] frenemy alliance along the lines of [NAME]
Oh don't get me wrong, there's a lot else wrong with comparing teachers to huns besides what I said.
MLMs and religions all follow the same checklist. Interesting.
Of course right as I came across this my mom texted me saying "I remember 2018 like it was yesterday"...
Yeah, I was thinking my boy was into them before that. But I doubt Panic! At the Disco would have peaked his interest.
Definitely debt-free.
I mean if you hidden the initial hit you can punish anything he does after
Last email i got was on Jan 27th on Sunday @11:22PM which is really odd imo
See but it’s so common an attitude that it didn’t come off that way
Democrips & Rebloodicans was my favorite.
I have no clue either
She would be devastated! Whatever you're going through won't last forever... this will pass!! Ask for help - find someone to talk to!
alternate reality where @PoetryFound has a comments section and you can give poems a cheery thumbs up or a disappointed thumbs down
Listening to Joey really helps me and my anger.
Good catch. I guess I was just remembering the shift after the first debate. That's pretty sad, tbh.
Never understood the hype with the Beatles. All of their songs to me sound like unfinished demo tracks
luckily for us all the retarded companies are plummeting
Interesting, I haven't actually heard of an app that does that. Makes no sense to me, even with serious memory issues.
It’s never funny if you explain the joke smh
He sounded so disappointed when he realized they just wanted sex :( Poor OP!
Honestly, I love hearing about stories like this - like the multitude of Skyrim and Oblivion mod developers who eventually got hired by studios due to their work.
That’s disgusting. You should be ashamed of yourself. Banging someone in sales. No excuses for that.
she was very wrong.
I bet she’s gonna bring it. Hopefully they spend more money on the production of the season versus that Scheißer RuVeal.
Wow, I said he doesn't have any respect, it's not exactly proving my point to show how little you have, but thanks anyways.
Legit I just go to places and tell them to surprise me. That way I get to keep trying new types of food 🥘
Yet, the Blue Bell crowd still worships this half ass ice cream, full of artificial flavors and HFCS.
@chrisyour Don't be sad, ultimately it's apparently not supported completely but mostly working :-)
I just moved to the big city, you reminded me to check in my local area now, just reported 4! Thanks!
I had that, after a relationship of 2.5 years she cheated on me. Oh well, we had fun.
I mean somehow women don't seem to have that problem
That's a good step that can't be attributed to him because he didn't do a damn thing about it.
It sucks being unattractive. It pisses me off that there are so many beautiful people in the world, and I ain't one of them.
Wouldn't the bully be the Polygon employee?
what’s your favorite music video?
Excited to see this kid in red and black some day
It still amazes how many people on this show and family by the ton can do perfect splits lol
[NAME] fuck my brain hurts, way to early for this shit. Sorry in advance if English is a 2nd language
No words required :)
It can make me angry - that and hearing my neighbors have sex
If you look back it is odd that most violent murderers have all eaten taco bell at some point.
I wear sweet scents and get compliments from men on how good I smell quite a bit Good thing I love sweet vanilla,Amber,berry scents
Imagine what hed be like if he was actually very rich lol
[NAME] absolutely embarassed Milksmith in the game we've lost against the Griz. It never would've happened if we had AD.
But not very happy.
You’re wrong. Source: I looked before I commented the first time.
oh man. it took me so long to figure out what you are saying. its literally [NAME]
My jersey has the great number 10 on it!!
Hey, I just shared the tweet with the quote. I don't know about all that
The must be on the prowl because I've been getting these calls a lot lately.
What I know is you seem perfectly comfortable being a hypocrite but utterly outraged at the idea of admitting to it.
Omg I actually thought she was going to jump. #bully #SouthPark20 #southpark #bully #southpark20 #southpark
You can request a hand count at bottle drop, I think
Huaxia Opinion Forum: If those in power abuse it and break the law, how can they expect the public to obey it? Without legal governance in administration, there’s no rule of law in society. If enforcers place power above law, or replace it with words, how can people trust it? If they don’t put the people first and twist law with power, why would anyone choose law?
For the good of the country, I will make my life a useful one. Even if my contribution is small, I will be filled with passion.
My heads still in Ibiza but my body is sat at me desk at work #depressing #depressing
#PiersGough on thoroughly lively and imaginative developers—“Sager have always challenged us to do better and do better.” @IslingtonSq #piersgough
That's what makes the best reply you could paste the comment at mumble rap and 10 day tho.
I remember sitting on the curb putting it to my ear and listening to the music.
Damn MLM at its worst
So I'm being unsafe. I'll work on that, thanks.
the screw i need is different than what they sell. we tried.
I would say. ’good’ but it’s all fucking tragic.
You know nothing. Red flag laws. Banning AR15s. Banning semi automatic firearms. Limiting magazine capacity. Yeah... liberals don’t want our guns.
However, deep inside my heart, I really want to go back to my hometown.
I live in those unfortunately
Honestly, even as an outsider I can’t stand it. Maybe it’s fine if the city’s name gets a bit tarnished — better than dealing with these ingrates. Those who love Guangzhou will stay; the greedy ones can leave. Don’t ruin a good city.
In 5 days bones would not be crusted over,sorry not buying it.
HR is there to protect the company. Not you.
I'm kind of glad they aren't letting you. Just you, not everyone else.
I can play faster. I just don't enjoy it as much. Might I ask what is your draft winrate?
[NAME] is definitely a good player, would probably be an [NAME] in the East, but fuck him lol
@TheMoosesAngel He looks down at his brother, a smile forming on his face. 'What? People fearing me?'
We’ve been watching OP for awhile and warned him about his posts. This one doesn’t rise to the level we warned him about.
oh lol Im personally a mess. I always have been.
I like you [NAME] :)
The best thing about it is that it's tons of people that didn't know he existed 2 months ago and have never watched him play.
Seconded. I had the December one well into January and finally just changed to the Sabres logo. Still cool and all, but the schedules were awesome.
I personally am very proud to be a vegetable. Corn, to be exact. Corn pride y'all
Cider, its an acceptable drink to get drunk when you don't like the taste of beer and too much of a man to drink moscato
Calm down [NAME].
Some of us disagree with the socially constructed sexual binary concerning how we were assigned at birth.
I'd give you a shovel so you could dig your head out of the sand, but I have a feeling you'd refuse.
Yeah it’s weird bc in my family the basket case was my dad.
can I use I can't believe it's not butter because my boyfie doesn't make over 20k :(
You came to the wrong neighborhood bud lololol.
Precision control is to reduce infections, right? But most of Haizhu is locked down, and now Baiyun is added—basically full district closures. Guangzhou doesn’t have that many districts! How is that “precise”? Infection numbers stay the same daily—it won’t drop in a day or two. Leaders, please handle cautiously—your own people suffer most.
so lucky. im afraid to tell my [NAME] gf. :")
I want to thank them for faking my death, now that man will stop looking for me.
Probably but if we spread the word, hopefully we will get some people on there
Happy day! Five years from now you will be a top ten player in the NHL.
Was he in your butt?
I hope you like it-
Because its not a term of endearment everywhere. You have to consider where you are and the speech patterns in that area.
Yes, its from the song Ultimate by [NAME] (kinda of a hype/rap song)
Clean the #sink and make your #bathroom shine. #sink #bathroom
That’s a pretty great play mate. I applaud you.
You're so thirsty for the chance to disagree w/ the left, that you don't even realize when something is an affront to your bigoted platform.
The ruling’s overturned, sent back for retrial—could change from 8-year ban to lifetime.
I've been into cuckolding for many years, and I'm wondering the same thing!
I agree with this, but I'm guessing it's because he works from home and can work anywhere while she can't.
Streamgate works fine for me and i'm not even late :3.
Trust me, you can anthropomorphize anything and fuck it. Or at least, that’s what the internet has taught me.
This weather making me dread work tonight
@narcissusheiyan  maybe it'd have been different if I stayed for sixth form? But still, the oppressive architecture, uninteresting people
Oh the horror. I hope she's alright.
@CNN thanks Hollywood, (Depp). all these climate change fanatics using private jets and gas guzzling cars are to blame for this! #outrage #outrage
No I don't lose points from losing to someone I wouldn't get points from beating.
You don't have a Mrs do you?
Thank you disney themed episode for letting me discover how amazing the @BlackishWriters are!
@alicemazzy he was more partisan on social issues a few years back; now he just concern trolls the center left as Chait does the far left
I should be back tomorrow according to your GM
That's not even accounting for the NDAs other customers have had to sign.
I think ignoring intentions is ridiculous too, but I also think that only looking at intentions (and at face value) is a bit naive
so gutted i dropped one of my earrings down the sink at school
All it takes is for you to brag to the wrong person and then poof
So ungrateful. I wouldn’t have even offered that bc ppl who try to argue with closing times are not people who settle.
That was the most boring movie I’ve ever seen
Nirvana is a great band but a good chunk of people in their fan base are just awful (underratedly awful)
I know this was coming, so I phrased it as "**my** past relationships" not as my **EX.** Anyhow, thanks Bro
It's pretty obvious why they're filming dipshit
Time goes fast so this 43 years relation must feels like if it was yesterday!
If things don't fit, or you suspect them to be fiction, please report them. We do read those reports and take action on them.
Thank you for this, so excited!
They aren't short either though. There's no hot 5'4 guy in hollywood that most women would swoon for.
That. Is flipping Cute. He's definately a dog person.
Bet Highland Council are sorry they sold their bunker last year.
None. If you get anything at all, it's a bonus, but don't expect anything.
Got my Crass tattoo in 1987
Means behave like you are a sexual Tyrannosaurus.
Tell her to stop being so fat, then. Edit: /s
Thanks for the reply. Why'd you delete the sad sack comment?
I would replace the standard size with the magnum XL just for shits and giggles. I bet they will message you back real quick or pick another replacement 😆
This is something that's not brought up enough.
aha my favorite reply :)
It’s pretty clear UBI is not going to actually Make the character interesting. We should stop deluding ourselves.
And we play for 6 dollars, this makes me so angry we need a big ass casino in that game
Could Unity not sue the author for giving instructions on how to illegally obtain their product?
It's no secret: "He's always hungry".
I feel like that’s the least disgusting option. Imagine a penis or vaginal canal made out of fingers.
I use pinecones :)
Epsom salt baths are helpful for me.
need to stop over reacting about *everything*.
nope. you're looking way too into it. it's literally just the army the 'infant'ry.
@virginmedia I've been disconnected whilst on holiday 😤 but I don't move house until the 1st October 🤔
im so mad about power rangers. im incensed. im furious.
Jeans with fake pockets
Worst thing that's happened to you when flying? I had a 16h delay, left my phone in the terminal, and wallet on the plane #nightmare #nightmare
Looked like it hurt
What is scary?
I'm betting my kids in MoCo will be off. Edit - MoCo announced, my house erupted in cheers
Never been so relived 😆
No need to bully me.
thanks! That helps
This is Brokeback Mountain, isn’t it. A very different kind of smashing. OwO
I recently got a job that I wanted so now I don't have to live paycheck to paycheck.
Now you're trying to push boundaries, get off my side of the fence
Get outta here and delete your post cause you're sure gonna look dumb in front of a lot of people other than me.
Alaina and I are at 90 days on our snap streak. So?
What limits are you talking about? Last time i checked, [NAME] doesnt have any limits
Carmichael is near the bottom? Find that hard to believe. [NAME] just under McDaniels? Words cannot accurately describe how inaccurate that is.
Please just give [NAME] some rest. He looks tired.
I am unconcerned.
Hope you're still doing ok ❤✌
I see you know your judo well!
Hard to swallow pills. This sub is meh now
Maybe, that’d be sick. But ya, I really doubt it.
THESAURUS THREW UP ON THIS COMMENT
mattmilne76 Thank you for letting us know!  Please do not hesitate to contact us in the future, if our assistance is needed. Thank you!
With ¥10k salary, forget living in Beijing; even ¥20k+ feels ghost-like. Can’t afford down-payment — few parents can give hundreds k. Life’s tough; raising kids costs huge — why have any?
Looks sooooo good~
I was grouping twitter with it. Tweets were great this year
And leave a beautiful corpse
What’s known is never as scary as ignorance. Especially with COVID — people act familiar but rely only on speculation, no solid data. Reliable tracking of cases and trends is exactly what we lack.
I hope you are not living in Australia. That heat has been killing Masturbators left and right.
Different region of same hellscape. Congrats, good luck!
Ok but how is that a jerk he’s not pushing anyone off their chair
Oh boy this aged poorly
He played in the [NAME] and [NAME] era so it’s hard to get the spotlight for those years.
Yes that is so true why didn’t I think of that
bruiser sylvanus is so op for the first 20 mins, its ridiculous. underrated support.
[NAME] - same fucking problem, slightly better command of the English language.
This official should resign. If you’re incompetent, stop using “public safety” as a cover for self-preservation. Get lost.
Wasnt much to ruin.
Well technically [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] get eliminated again but from the ones still in the competition yes no one goes home
I've honestly looked at mine and thought, I wonder if it'd keep my cup of coffee hot.
How autistic.
Man, she took it pretty well. I’d be screaming my damn head off.
Have faith, I'm sure there is enough fan support for more popular characters to be brought back.
Still 19 days left before I go home to the Philippines but it feels like i'm waiting for forever.  #HomeSoon #Cebu #homesoon #cebu
At least he is getting paid assuming that is a non us airport
That's encouraging. I have similar amounts of ETH and some LTC that's "pending" withdrawal from monday. Hoping I get it soon.
To embrace the younger you, to go through hardships together, to give you all my warmth, and to never leave you through wind and frost.
what's your MBTI type?, just curious btw
Expected that. Thanks for your valuable feedback.
You can't talk morality to psychopaths.
People were always afraid that stodgy squares would kill rock and roll, but the only legitimate threat was ever child choruses.
even though its alot of work, i got 100% this weekend, and that scene re-opened the wound, lemme tell ya. what a masterpiece
You want compensation but don’t let people earn money, and you keep cyberbullying them. Sigh, this hot topic guarantees you’ll top the trending list every month—you could hype it until the end of the world!
This is why you play runescape as a kid, it teaches how to trust no one that offers free rune plate trimming
I hear theres a chinese doctor working on this irl.
>[NAME] does need to stfu. Like hell, he does.
Should be /r/me_irl
' Then, I focused my eyes and looked at it again and saw $ 24.99 and was a little disappointed.
Don’t kink shame me!
Bless our family with health and peace, helpful mentors, smooth careers, safe lives, joyful hearts, and abundant wealth 🙏🙏🙏
This, like it varies and fluctuates
But it'll hurt
That eclipse was  Angelic 🙏🏿 #blessing #blessing
I might get to phaneuf traded levels of joy.
You expect me to believe that [NAME] and [NAME] have so many things in common but are different people? Must be the same person.
You're so talented OP. I like your sense of humor. But it hurts too cuz too real :(
When u /only/ talk 2 me or ask me 'how r things' just 2 get 2 say something u want, 4give me if I'm not elated 2 start a conversation with u
Wtf? Really?
To be fair, I’m not slaughtering my own food
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **8th Cakeday** jama211! ^(hug)
Ah, yes, the good old “glass elevator”
Just asking — where to report this? State site says Shanghai Baoshan’s low risk, no isolation; but community says Baoshan, Putuo, Jing’an all need 14-day hotel quarantine. Sick logic — why not follow national site? Disgusting.
Sorry im a french guy
Such a [NAME] thing to do. Next thing we know he will speculate that [NAME] and [NAME] will sign by February 31st at the latest.
Am I the only one that likes the original better? It was cuter
I just don’t like traversing through the snow, and how the salt stains some of my boots, and the mess it leaves at home.
My grandparents were holocaust survivors. Seeing things like this and trying to comprehend the horrors that they had to endure really helps put my problems into perspective.
Am 'ugly' guy whos pleasant geuine  and happy &gt; an evil attractive guy whos bitter and coniving and superficial
I was putting my comment on why and when PC players (like yourself) will complaine. Seems I wasn't too far off
That's one vicious cat.
>The surprise will be all ours. head_meme.gif Can't be surprised by how terrible a story becomes if you don't watch it.
I enjoy gameplay grind. Don't shoot me lol.
You'd think that's a simple game mode they'd have had from the start... I would have loved that.
Tl, dr - Take the abuse. Squirming only gets them off more.
I'd take the bet of them not winning in the next 5.
@SimonSSSJ123 @EllieG10853 @Onision @Eugenia_Cooney he sure as hell helped me with my depression and still does
That's why I don't open Instagram that much
My son brings *homework* from kindergarten. I feel betrayed.
The straw manning in this sub is ludicrous.
Shh that breaks the narrative though.
Because it's so ridiculously stupid people just can't help themselves.
Niemi is absolutely amazing tonight
Dont dull #Dutty_Wednesday #dutty_wednesday
Solid r/ThisIsMyLifeNow material. I love it. They’re such gorgeous dogs!
Damn, I totally have used Dragon as my handle on certain dating apps before. Not sure how I feel about that now lol
The commies will be much less sympathetic if they get the chance.
That's... pretty unexpected actually.
Do you boo boo. Live your best life
I wish there were unlimited glee episodes:( so I could watch them forever. #gleegoodbye #gleegoodbye
We’re playing the leafs. He’s gonna look bad no matter what
I had a fleeting thought that he sent a letter to Penthouse Fourms...lol!
) /sorry, the Excel formula part of my brain was driving me insane.
you know it's beauty when the smile is her best curve
That wasn't what I was expecting at all.
Seriously? If he spent the same amount of time doing anything else would everyone be bitching that he’s addicted to that? Doubtful.
yes but this is a crazy person. That's like telling Two-Face he doesn't have to flip a coin before committing a crime lol.
My suspension of disbelief was shot, I don't even know if the court case ended with a hell in the cell match
I've gone through phases like that, usually related to depression or something else going on in my life. See if it passes in a couple weeks.
All i want is to be able to grab pig from an island and let it run freely on my deck
My friend said to get to work on my tooth since I was sitting there ready to go.
The most important thing to #bestrong is to hold your  #thoughts #bestrong #thoughts
IT'S NOT FUNNY HOLLY.
Standing ovation. Nicely done.
I've removed your post for witch hunting. Please be mindful of that in the future.
We could cure child cancer and pictures like this would still make me happier
My favorite!
The mods deleted it I'm sorry
Not defending [NAME] at all but this is just super sad if it’s true...
I’m sorry for your loss bro ❤️
Awesome. Glad to hear it
I figure that if it was that easy, they would have given the task to somebody paid less.
I think [NAME] is a crisis actor!
OMG if the [NAME] and [NAME] run... I'll have the worst of time deciding who to vote for!
that's awesome!
I had a friend from Palestine who became atheist. I don’t know how many atheists in Palestine there are but I wish there were more!!
Stick your -isms up your ass.
#Terrorism can be destroyed easily if #wholeworld came together great strength..they could destroy this #fear from #humanity.. #terrorism #wholeworld #fear #humanity
Since they only do 6 a year now I would rather it be somone more exciting and surprising
Please provide a source, as far as I know our DND said they found nothing of the
supernova AOC <3, the lies the media gets away with. Glad someone is talking back with real umph
In my opinion at night peds have just as much responsibility of being seen as drivers have to see.
Good job Clemson. You're becoming the new [NAME].
Lol, wut
In just 1 Year the user who posted this got a lot of karma... interesting...
Thank you! On the positive side I’ve gotten a lot of work done after panicking and giving up looking for my pill pack
thats pretty emasculating frfr. in america is not the same
They’re looking at her like they wish they’d ordered her instead.
One of my favorite classic cars is the Plymouth fiery.
I honestly couldn’t care less about your opinion at this point
So cool! So bonkers that people do this, I love it! Do you mind if I post these on my pages?
I'm loving the blocked shots from rust, what a stud
For a moment I found myself smiling
No worries.
Yes Mourinho, you really should stop speaking about refs! And try cheering up a bit.
On the last episode of #MakingAMurderer poor Brendan glad they #appeal it #shocking #crime #documentary #reallife #makingamurderer #appeal #shocking #crime #documentary #reallife
Agreed. A case where we're both right. Cheers!
What evidence are you basing this on? What evidence would you accept as convincing you're wrong?
That's really creepy. What is crazy is that 9 year old's get cell phones now! Times have certainly changed :p.
That is disgusting. And not one parent thought that was a *bit* inappropriate? smh
You're a sealion and a leftist troll. Begone, and enjoy your ban.
No problem. Released today is suppose to be in parenthesis.
omgad that monster!
I say I love you to friends of both sexes and there's never been any problem, tbh I'm bissexual tho, so it should be weird either way
How does that work? If in every measurable way, its bread and wine, how can you claim its actually [NAME] body and blood?
Oh. So you are actually full of shit. Okay, noted. Thanks.
I recognized a word!
It really do be like that
I understand completely. People have no memory or understanding of the true horror of these diseases. I am truly glad you have decided to vaccinate. Blessings [NAME]
Went to my favorite bar, I'd told everyone I was going to be there during the week before and no-one turned up.
Ah yes. Recursion. The backbone of Marxist theory. Glad you brought it up, chap
The kids aren’t doing anything stupid here... cause it’s a fake video. I feel like this is in the wrong sub.
@bradshawjp Sweet!
Right? I was kind of hoping [NAME] would get to take a crack at it.
Mostly because they're not completely stupid. They don't have the support in the senate to pull it off.
> But you will probably find you are noticeably worse looking at 40 than you are at 27. Well that's disappointing.
Thanks for the info. Not sure if it’s even worth it then.
@Ashleyavitia_ don't leave me
You should take the time and go to the doctor.
The fact that "TrueChristian" and "TrueChristianity" are so [RELIGION] is extremely telling. The faith is dishearteningly fractured...
This article counts as reasonable questioning — not malicious, so I could calmly finish reading. The Jiang mother case is simple — first clarify the timeline. The donation happened before borrowing 910,000; if confirmed, early fraud can’t be claimed. Later reactions to doubts over funds should be judged in context. In such a polarized event, her emotional response is somewhat understandable. Overall, personal donations need a better mechanism to avoid misuse and lack of oversight.
Isn’t it careless for an official account to post this? Don’t you know many people self-test and stay home until negative? And PCR results haven’t come out for days!
That's awesome! Congratulations to the both of you!
What the actual hell?
Now it makes sense.
It's a god awful feeling. It's changed me a little, but time heals wounds.
Triple P Positive Parenting Program is excellent.
I would agree. That doesn’t really address the conservative versus alt-right labeling issue though.
I doubt groot arms are on the list of MLB approved bats. It's politics
The cruise boat one (similar) where the water goes WELL over the porthole scares the everloving shit out of me every time
Can't play defence when everything is call and on the other end the Bulls haven't gotten a call since early in the quarter ...
So you made this purposely to get post karma...
You said you will turn 16 next year, this summer isnt next year
True! Remember the geocentric universe? Oh man, they even put [NAME] in jail. What a hoot!
I'm very confused by this comment. I'd do it for $2500/mo.
Bet you $20 she had more in her than 0.05 hell, more than 0.08 hmm...
Ah thanks. Well hopefully he can do better with [NAME].
This is probably why you're not in a relationship.
Very sweet of [NAME]
Worst juror ever? Michelle. You were Nicole's biggest threat.  #bb18 #bb18
Never. He cheated multiple times, and each time I had an idea before I had proof. Listen to your gut.
SO MUCH.
nice try balance team
You can do that here dude. got a story? just tell it man
Alright Alex and I have party boy neighbors who blast music
I want someone to take me to the hospital
They are too busy getting murdered and mugged to give a crap about all these vigalantes
@BosNaud so scared to ruffle feathers, he resorted to writing in cryptic code. #UncleCamsCabin #unclecamscabin
As your own lives in order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is there.
> not broken I beg to differ.
Watching Revenge sometimes makes me cry, thinking back to when I tried to memorize that song, and listened to it over and over.
If New Jersey are going to win it in the winter they better get something done quickly..
I wish they can a option to change it back after the "upgrade" because it feels more like a downgrade
This makes me want to throw up.
About that 100,000 yen — why not just fly to Japan and record a face-to-face verification with her ex?
It ended at midnight! Four minutes later, at 00:04, lockdown resumed — you’re spreading rumors, arrest them.
thanks, I agree
Thanks. I'm still sad till this day. But whatever happens, I'm at peace with his decision.
She used to be beautiful, but she lived her life too fast - Forest City Joe #blues #blinddogradio #blues #blinddogradio
I love how you're making an assumption to try and make a point.
You would be better off to do some makeup tutorials. Save yourself the headache of dealing with hormones that you don't actually need.
Tell that to r/Polygrumps (very *VERY* NSFW) dude. They scare me more than this sub.
Now that's ride sharing!
Pretty much does. SNP polling at 41% for the next election, CON at 25, LAB 23, LIB 6, and Greens at 3.
Haven't printed a retraction in twenty years!
I will always face you, because you are the sun, and I am the sunflower.
Winter depression has finally gotten to me. So damn bored even with all these bowl games on.
EWWW yes. This makes me shudder. All wet and gross.
Not at all! It’s my pleasure
Interesting. I’m not a troll.But if it makes you feel better...
Goodnight and good luck.
Who is this Wild team? Where have they been?
What does that even mean? What a uselessly vague statement.
In what world do you live in where you actually think you are justified in asking someone to apologise for giving you life? That's utterly arrogant and pretentious
I just walked past y'all! Wish I had seen this thread earlier.
My dyslexia read that as "McFucking brilliant" and I was wondering if we could make it a thing.
Do you think people are generally logical?
There's no way I'm sitting through all of this. Good [NAME].
Man I love reddit.
Why would anyone forget how dominant he is? Lmao Oh yea we suck.
I agree, but people always respond with "muh eugenics! Literally [NAME]! Human rights!"
Wear you're ear pro kids. Styro plugs are cheap, and don't ruin the concert experience.... but it will save your ears.
Kill me, [NAME]
Wait... I have been in two movies and I have played [NAME] in both.
Damn, I fell for the myth. Thanks for pointing it out.
They look like great bros, sorry for your loss <3
Just shut up dude
@ChristianJMay @CityAM \nConfidence held up... despite constant and continual doom and gloom
I literally, like, hate people like that.
Do you think he is guilty or innocent, no need to use triple and quadruple negatives here
Meh, I'm actually pissed at some of the people I usually defend for getting excited about this too.... we did lose our data.
THE MIDDLE FINGER EMOJI ARE YOU KIDDING
FUCK NO NOT FUCKING AGAIN
It's actually pretty cool in here today, not hot at all
When your 16 and do adderall and get a panic attack
there is no shame in fear, what matters is how we face it.
Could also be an overwhelming guilt in the heat of the moment. Probably hard to stay rational when you realize you've killed your own friend on accident.
My first thought was ahh who was the RuPaul contestant with the insane legs? [NAME]!! Legs for dayssssss!! Thanks for saving my brain!
Syria is at war with Israel, Israel has every right to bomb targets that threaten their nation.
Is he really your buddy if you have to ask us how to talk to him?
Why does your flair say "Wasted Energy"?
Well when ever you want to see her check the cahpters she is in :) haha
maybe its because i have a pissy attitude, but i wouldnt have gone just because i didnt want to, since it was last minute like that.
Foreign mor lil boreign
Please stop ruining my depressing memes with your positivity and optimism
Friendly fire dude, I wanted the other criminal
Ugh I am in this same place right now. Dating a husband whose wife calls all the shots. I feel for you.
Also i think that person is really shitty and I’m sorry you experienced that. People are animals sometimes.
The shitty taste is what keeps you awake.
Because the first part of the day was pretty lame, amirite?
Sure would hate to explain sodium and water to them as they sprinkle salt on their food.
As anyone else ever **needed** waffles before? This winter morning is killing me.
I’d love to see what a PhD in porn consists of! 😂🤣
Remember, his cousins ex wife is meeting him for conjugal visits, I think she might bring him the newspaper he used to own.
BLUES with BOB HADDRELL &amp; Guests\nFri 23rd Sep 8:30pm - 11:00pm #blues #free #TunbridgeWells #blues #free #tunbridgewells
haha I'm guessing she doesn't spark joy for you, so you can let her go
So, can we not customise weapons anymore? These all look like the ugly unique weapons in FC5 I would never use.
Do they seriously not need to work? No quarantine, no tests? Why do these fools always show up where there’s trouble?
I need help with corsets but otherwise would be mortified to need help for every day clothes.
Damn...perspective is good, Haha. Then again [NAME], that's some awesome architecture. Early 1900s?
@EllenMellon_88 Got #mybrokenfoot running Great North Run, can't wait to run again in a few months time - be mostly dark then! #ukrunchat #mybrokenfoot #ukrunchat
What do you think? This livestream really leaves me speechless — I feel it needs some regulation.
We hesitate to #live our #dream because of some unknown #fear which actually does not exist.' #AqeelSyed\n\n#LifeisBeautiful #LiveWithPurpose #live #dream #fear #aqeelsyed #livewithpurpose
Investments like that are a paper trail. Ordering takeout food and riding Go-Karts with cash, are not.
THERE IS NO LEFT PHILANGE
I'll be honest - I just want new stories. Not prequels. Doing things in the past are just too limiting with storytelling.
Hey @gmail why can I only see 15 sent emails? Where's the thousands gone?
Close game but glad to see we came back in the end
I'm not crying YOU are crying!!
I guess those 3 beers I drank down at 6 went straight to my head.
[NAME], you are a freak.
I am sure all the [NAME] had these ready to go since the [NAME] didn't do their job in oversight, let the subpoenas begin!
When the dust settled I looked over at my wife and saw she was alive and I knew I was alive so I immediately had happiness in my heart.
We're pretty spoiled in Halifax.
Cause I love [NAME] over him 😂
Sure, but I don't think the fan culture derives from them.
You also have the option of making it quite unique. Would be a delight to see if you got it!
Two words came out of my mouth `` Piss off '' I was staying at my friends on the week of my 18th, just because his parents had gone on holiday and we were getting drunk everyday.
Sorry but the majority of console players will agree that he needs nerfed and nerfed hard
So glad you are safe. It looks like icy conditions, too, so that is great that you were able to avoid this.
They had a similar panel last year. It's definitely worth a watch.
I have been saying this for a long time, he is way overpaid and the forward position is our main weakness since [NAME] left.
I kinda want it to stay a great mystery of the world, otherwise it would ruin the true magic of it
Lmfao. Tax refunds. Must be nice to get one of those.
PM #SheikhHasina in @UN speech terms #terrorism as global challenge and urges world leaders to work together to unroot it from everywhere. #sheikhhasina #terrorism
This goes back like a decade though. He just has the palette of a 4 year old.
Very good to know! Thanks!
That face screams "Fucking gods, do I have to do *everything* around here?"
Happy little lies.
This subs favorite game.
And there is despair underneath each and every action \nEach and every attempt to pierce the armour of numbness ' -Mgla
Love it [NAME]
OMG I’m dying she said carrot!!!!
It’s like feudal times again — China feels sick! Other streamers dance provocatively fine, yet normal dancing’s “indecent”? Ridiculous.
His interviews are so awkward
Mark it nsfw just to mess with people. Worst title I have seen all week.
Well then town is flummery for not guilty'ing the mafia lol
I like you. Even if the world is at peace and heaven and earth are merciless, I will never forget you. I like you. Even if the seas dry up and the sky falls, I will never fail you.
Haha ok I thought it looked like the vine logo, but assumed I was wrong since it’s been dead a while.
He's a good prospect. Solid enough lineout and scrum, great around the park. Been pushing TPN for starting spot.
Fuck right off, it was illegal at the time so the law was being broken. Learn to live with your actions and their consequences you whiny socialists.
I don't think so. I think he is courting a secular crowd of young confused secular people searching for meaning in their lives.
Similar feeling here. We'll are just bunch of weebs.
Hello, Could you try exiting the game and restarting? Please let us know if you're still getting the pop-up afterward. Thanks!
Yeah I know, it’s just wishful thinking but I would be ecstatic if it came out today
That is NOT a firecracker..
Nice job building yourself btw
Weird, I thought I had a different twitter handle than that
When you’re having a dream and the psycho is coming for you but you can’t move...
I would love to see [NAME] take on the Avengers and win.
Quite the blasé article.
My case is like when you involuntarily subscribed to something while browsing a strange website and now can't unsubscribe.
My lawyer is on it and I have been advised to not speak with respects to legal matters until we have things resolved. Thank you for your support.
I crave nuts and nut butter all 👏 the 👏 damn 👏 time. I think my body know they’re calorie and nutrient dense 😂
I misread World Championship of Carp-fishing to be the World Championship of Cat-fishing...
Yes I have been getting my own therapy but this month was a wash for that because of work. Back at it next week.
I wish I hada dog who is as good of a boy as him
I don't think my town has a market.
There's so many! Auntie [NAME] and Dame [NAME] are two of the best. But personally, the bass player from Spiderbait, [NAME].
Haha, nice try mom. *dabs*
Hey I just reposted this without reading it dont blame me for it putting boy friend
My mistake. I just glanced over your last post.
My sister was walking backwards and bumped her back into the wall so the second shelf or whatever that was placed on top of the knobs in the middle fell on my feet.
Do people like you think tunneling is easy or something? just grab a shovel and start digging? is that all you think there is to it?
I’m okay with the “expecting mother’s” spots. It’s not a women thing, it’s a courtesy thing
Thank you for the support!
Willpower. I have a lot of little compulsions I give into. Time to gain control over my day to day.
It *was* pretty public.
Agree with most of above apart from TERA is no cash grab unlees you just want to fast forward a little with gear and it really is a little lol
I got an unsolicited text from wal-mart earlier today and I almost went into orbit. Spam texts are completely unacceptable.
1 coupon for a honey butter chicken biscuit and double cheeseburger Whataburger meal coming right up.
We’ve been misled by them these past years. One must trust their own judgment, even if it’s wrong, to stay cautious. When your fever hits 40°C, experts still call it a mild cold.
Poor thing. Her arm looked stuck in the crutch as she fell. That had to hurt
It will hurt, try to take your mind off things, and try to understand why it hurts
I saw your missing post and hoped you found your baby! I'm sorry for your heartache
Try Venezuela. It's your communist utopia in action.
Deep in homesickness lies family affection. Making the journey home smooth is everyone’s duty and responsibility.
I wanted to slap her when she told him she could have died and it would be his fault.
And on her birthday! She is a rock star for sure tho. 🤓
LOL men don't have feelings ;)
This really hurts my feelings.
You forgot the /s friend.
Your mental health. You might think its fine, but having to live a double / fake lifestyle is wearing on the best of us .
But actually, they are all beta
What’s the reference matter if it’s still insulting? Glad your degree is coming in handy for something.
[NAME] isn't really that bad, he's also a cheaper option who [NAME] trusts.
They cut a majority of the core coffees which makes my job harder as I'm in charge of the passports.
Help, I'm scared and want to go back.
I'm getting so nervous for my first anatomy exam 😩
So far ours greet have raised £250 for @HGatChristmas with more to come in #sparkling @CllrJohnFox @simoncotton69 #sparkling
It was inevitable, after so much cultural shading of men, that “toxic femininity” would enter the fray. Welcome.
It took me 14 years to secure my AA 🐢
cool, gonna check this game now
I can't yo! Food might fly out his tooth- hole! 🤮🤣
It would be terrible if he died and they put his head in a jar or something
guess who stayed up until 2am just incase someone called but they never did like i knew already , it's me, mistakes were made
She’s dressed modestly and appropriately, showing graceful feminine curves and dynamic beauty — a sign of vitality. This is humanism!!
Fuck you my fortnite k/d is better bitch
I didn't even know there were two types of strep. That's very interesting!
Shit, with a full season of [NAME] on the docket? Yes please.
> since every character with a shield gets one Except Glad
Always hiding my eyes welling up by yawning so it seemed like they were just tearing from that.
I would of taken a shit in the woods real quick
Good luck to [NAME] if he really thinks he can take over the country with the most armed citizens. Trump derangement syndrome is real.
Yeah, I don’t like my friend’s opinion either
Ok... if you think its time.... have a fun safe trip
They obviously are for everyone who ever bothered to take a look at rape, femicide and other related stats
A different joke. Scenic!
Humans are weird creatures
@OutlanderHome if not filming, @TobiasMenzies smile! please. :)
I think this is the first time I’ve ever seen this joke.
Forget “science” — they’re just being unreasonable. What’s the point of these measures in low-risk areas? Meaningless.
6 months is not long term in my opinion. 2 years and up.
You dont have to feel grateful to be grateful, for it is written  ' all things work together for good'  for those who love God. #cheerful #cheerful
You head north and arrive at a breezy cave. It smells sweet. You glance at your watch; you're running 15 minutes late.
Oh man that hurt to watch
[NAME] is huge fucking liar, but you seem to like him.
Why don't Maroon 5? Regardless of the quality of the song, its been one of the most popular songs for the past 8 months
What an amazing guy.
Some people just don't understand humor. Imagine living your life like that!
I'm actually amazed we walked away with 2 points. That 2nd was one of the worst periods I've watched. [NAME] stole that period.
She's not an hero we deserve, she's an hero we have.
Will the RNG fuck me as with XCOM?
That’s a statement I can actually get behind. Not because of anything he’s really done, but that Scientology stuff is... weird.
I roomed on my own for the rest of the term.
Thanks for comin' out.
I follow that account in tumblr, it’s satire. It’s basically what an incel criclejerk of one person would be.
Suddenly I see it crouching on the floor, its bagged head hung low beneath its shoulders.
As if any of those words mean anything other than "give me what I want or I'll socially shame you!"
100% correct. Seriously, listen to [NAME] talking points when she mentions Syria. Matches RT propaganda exactly.
>Shouldn’t the Bible be infallible No. That would be idolatry. Only [NAME] is infallible,
She deserves to know.
#NawazSharif says lets end #terror. Sure, let #IndianArmedForces target the bases without #Pakistan interference #Karma? #nawazsharif #terror #indianarmedforces #pakistan #karma
Does he have to be so anal about his rep? At least he's (in)famous. *Awesome job, OP!*
I've had them for as long as I can remember ;)
Home monitoring and home quarantine are being confused by the community, and health codes can even be manually altered.
Shut up, don’t block the sanctimony train.
I'd put the Thielen TD against Packers as number 1. That was such an amazing play by [NAME] and [NAME].
I'm not surprised haha
Hi let’s not compare basketball to the man speaking out against a dictator and fearing for his life because of it thank you
Great tips thank you!
It's clearly a terrible policy.
Fun fact about this band is [NAME] the Black Keys and countless other stuff) has produced all of their albums.
I think you should nourish it with activated almonds.
the farm is where polly ran off to in season one while she had her babies!
I applaud you (in a non-sarcastic way)
Their fault for being so tasty
Video...must get video when popping in the pubic region. Now go to your room.
Feels like bathing in warm piss. Can't wait until summer is over.
Be steady and diligent, take one step at a time. It’s fine to move slowly as long as you’re steady. Hard work is essential for success — talent is just a bonus, always built on effort.
Has any news been confirmed of whose playing [NAME]. I hope we see him soon to grasp how charasmatic he can be
@p4pictures it would be great but what if the card crashes 😱. It's happened to me twice #nightmare #nightmare
@BurmanAJ @AMANDAZUCKERMAN I'd rather see KYLE from bbcan play again and THAT is saying something
@Sirenja_ @JaxOfBo (like, hope i didn't offend with my commentary - it wasn't what I was intending!)
they both rugged, worn, and wrinkled, like fine leather !
This is my favourite movie. Not enough can be said for [NAME] acting. One of the best things about it.
you could do that but i woulndt want that as soldier, widow or mccree. but of course reaper should not try to break the shield
Hoping for a good result — hire a professional legal team, trust them, and stop bringing clueless teammates.
I CAN DOWNLOAD ADS BUT NOT THE THING ITSELF FFS
#Sad I #missed #GDragon #tonight in #Seattle.Might be awhile before he's back, I hope everyone who attended the #concert had a #great #time! #sad #missed #gdragon #tonight #seattle #concert #great #time
I’m guessing this is in response to an advertisement from the shaving company Gillette. missed my chance....”contextttt!”
Lol looks delicious
Beautiful shots. Makes me want to finally take the jump into photography.
There are Germany radfem groups on FB? I'd love to know some names. Danke! (Can anybody PM me?)
@fatgirlhealthy @MBSCBILL ....so that what do to use violence and intimidation for a polictical agenda.; aka terrorism?
You clearly don't have a clue about [NAME] career so don't start worrying about it now.
You should see him drain 3's
Obviously, there's only a few inches, but I could never really see any improvement. i thought it would be a good supplement option for you.
You Done?
Nice try Iwobi
#personaldevelopment\n\nToday is a gift, that's why it's called the present... #happiness #optimism #entrepreneur #personaldevelopment … #personaldevelopment #happiness #optimism #entrepreneur #personaldevelopment
I didn't realize it's been posted that often! Good to know. It was new to me:)
Really disappointed it's not even coming digitally on Vita outside of Japan.
I've never been so excited to start a semester!
Yeah lol like I'm cool with signing/drafting DL but pls not in the first like 3 rounds lol, much less at 2.
@paulsherard @margarethaynie wow I just realized how much of a sexist pig I am! I am truly sorry to anyone I offended
Best of luck to you too. sorry to hear that. Here's to No contact!!
@ChurdAllan fucked my coupon that goal! #raging #raging
Lol the outbreak is gone but I'm still stubborn. With this conversation I'll make my effort to come back as soon as I'm ready.
Nothing is off the table when you’re morally right and the ends justify the means
You can't help those who won't be helped. Let's leave him be.
It'll be difficult to do but leave him and take the kids with you
We pressed play, and some Rap song came on.
Senior year, watching A Chinese Odyssey in the dorm—when he said “Boluo Boluo Mi” with the Moonlight Box, the whole place shook.
Lmao that guy is awesome. You know he probably just found his new hobby.
That's a lot of words to say "I'm upset that women don't want to date me."
Growing up in Chicago this was my life. Pissed he didn’t make it.
Can we rein in this “one-size-fits-all”? Such messy policies—they make me understand why Americans crave freedom.
Good morning.Let's start with a smile!\nLet's enjoy life in a cheerful way!\nDon't worry be happy!
here’s to the highlights when i was convinced that this was much more than just some some-night shit I know you don’t need me right now ***cries in Blonde***
I’m speechless — all these policies only control the obedient. We stay home as told, yet cases rise by thousands — what did we do wrong?
Very true. Apologies if it came off that way.
Amazing photo. It looks like a watercolour.
I had my eye on the fabric for months.
Aha thank you!. I didn't know there is a ca one
I actually started to look forward to that because of the flying sensation.
And the human babies - don’t forget them! Totally wicked! Sad!
I get a huge grin on my face and say, `` Why yes, he's been sleeping all night for two weeks now.
He is actually good now. No teddy but he was great last year before he got into shit
Ah, info not previously known. Knowing that, I probably would’ve done the same.
r/vaxxhappened. Fuck you Jan.
Don't give away my zip code! Craft beer and fabuloso be dammed!!
Hahahahahahahaa (Sorry, that is all I can say, it does not require a more intelligible comment.)
It's also cruel how noone is informed about the execution at all. Relatives are left completely in the dark and likely never find out about their execution.
More along the lines of “I could stick that vein with my eyes closed and one hand tied behind my back” lol
The only one to really be sad about losing is [NAME] tbh
When you've been to 9 in the past 20 years its kinda hard to stiil get excited . Its our week 17.
You still have to make up the days anyway. I’d rather have fewer holidays — now I can’t even get up these two days.
@mylittlepwnies3 \n&gt; #terrorism coffee addict\n&gt; blocks cats, writers, artists and hedonists #terrorism
I'm more concerned that the kid's name is "[NAME]".
Cause as soon as he locked in execution he used the auto typing function immediately celebrating. Gets punished by karma and im the one down voted. Sure
But you've been openly critical of men's rights and have defended feminism.
Oh I can't wait until they have sole rights to our game.
That’s what I would ask if I was Cruz Azul considering the caliber of player [NAME] is and what you guys got for [NAME]
Many people. We just don't always hear about it but I've done some research on that in the past.
It’s all the same, the number makes no difference.
my credit is not good enough for a loan and having no job would make it impossible to get 6k. and being able to speak.
> so I would never say that to someone *To* someone, or *about* someone?
Good stuff man. Love the passion.
weird how they feel the need to announce themselves
This is a good one
I commented like 5 mins b4 you lmao
I wish mine believed in it. Haha. He was just bouncing on his bed and laughing, then crying. Maybe he’ll get it eventually.
Children taken below decks by [NAME]. Get out now
Shaving her legs, hoping the video didn’t cut short and that’s all she shaved in there....
Hope to see you in the chat as the episode premiers! Best wishes!
Wow. Yes
[NAME] only runs in [NAME] shorts!
So far, so good
lol why don't you read about the Iceland one and get back to me.
Like and smash that subscribe button, I'll see you in the next video for my best v-bucks giveaway yet
[NAME] wept.
This is a terrible idea
A UBI has to be sustainable. Taxing something to reduce its use and funneling that money into something people would depend on is absolute stupidity.
I didn't realise
Thank you for giving my Zumba songs some context
What's with the click? I don't get it... It ruins the joke *hangs up*
He was bad, but he was on the ideal line and he was beating [NAME] handily.
The lying little slag. If you're squatting properly, turning your neck shouldn't be comfortable enough to consider
Do you want help with the big words ?
Yeah that's what I just got. Fkin annoying.
thanks JA!
You think people want to marry me. Joke's on you homes.
You and [NAME] guy should be friends
What this guy said but with a little more cocaine and a drinking problem.
!!!!! Best girl
@liamch88 yeah! :) playing well
one's a rapist, and the other's a stingy yank a bit of a difference in situations no matter how much we hate [NAME]
Capitalism ha shifted like a huge population of the earth out of poverty, so things are globally getting better
Doesnt mean it's scary for everyone. I've taken it twice and have had zero symptoms.
The real power move is to write "Have a nice day" even if you lose.
that hunkish dunked his way into my butt if you catch my drift
My father needs to read this! ...I may be wrong tho
He was an awful HC, is in his 70s and has repeatedly said he doesn’t want to do it again.
Currently sure, but the idea is to have a group of educated [NAME] ready to steer the inevitable civil unrest that Capitalism will bring, towards Socialism.
Third down signal in football, too. THE WHITE SUPREMACISTS ARE EVERYWHERE!!
Sounds like your new chapter has started already, brother. You deserve someone who truly loves you and treats you that way.
@yeldarbkered You've got quite the cheery young Souls fan. :)
UPDATE i got a set of spare keys finally and rescued my dogs. theyre happy happy and being spoiled with treats. I APPRECIATE YOU ALL
Live your life well. Let them figure it out for themselves.
Lmao, I remember [NAME] saying this was the best game he'd ever played and was debating whether he should switch from HS.
What should be the campaign is telling people that just because you find a child beautiful/pretty, it doesn't mean you're sexually attracted.
Condiments suck. Mostly because I love them so much. Why cant they just be free calories?!?!
Lol he said it was the driver's fault and everyone called him out.
@Avanquest i have unsubscribed 3 times from your spam emails still coming? STOP THE EMAILS #avanquest #software #terrible #avanquest #software #terrible
I take a strange delight from seeing mark Hughes struggle
Seems full of himself, but he also seems like an ok dude.
@nadyaginsburg Thank-you for unfailingly bringing so much joy into my life, you incredibly talented maker of mirth.
I’m starting to worry that [NAME] is not okay
@jamesmb @DonaldJTrumpJr His knife is clean. He is tough enough to fire a gun, but not tough enough to get his hands dirty. #awful #awful
She barely has any real hair on her head. She looks like [NAME] dolly from Rugrats. Bet
I too think serfdom is good
No there is, because as soon as it’s a human it is entitled certain unalienable rights.
Right? I'd launch myself at him. Beautiful looking guy. <3
Agreed, if you think about the animals it's sad. If you think about zerocarbers' blood profiles it gets amusing.
I fucking love that scene.
Your heart stopping is technically a natural cause.
Ooofffhh, that'd be a tough lesson to learn.
First and foremost you have to Love YOURSELF!!
I like this template, it makes me happy.
It sucks it didn’t work out good luck in cincy and thanks for that Alcs game
I finally know where [NAME] is: drunk at a train station.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** slumbishop! ^(hug)
My ETL been trying to tell us every box should take us 30 seconds max, and everyone ive asked about that has laughed and called it bullshit
Thanks for the encouragement and sharing. It is nice not looking at it every 2 hours!
@TheBadgerBoy check out the article on @SaintSkipper5 on @dailyecho
My wife enjoys marking me. We just make sure they are below the collar line.
I would say love is never enough. Love is unconditional. Relationships are not.
“It is not #death, that most people are #afraid of. It is getting to the end of #life only to realize that you never truly #lived.” #death #afraid #life #lived
Abortion. emails. BENGHAZI! red cups Happy Holidays
You are stating your opinion as if it were fact. [NAME] has face tattoos and I think they are incredibly sexy, attractive and appealing.
Haha exactly right!!
Vacation wise, Egypt offers great places, amazing scenery, bright skies and good weather at a very good and affordable price for students.
Wow, foot and car traffic downtown has changed a ton in just 8 years.
I would pay good coin to read that love story.
They do a great job until one pops free and smacks you in your junk.
Hey! Any chance you still have those templates? I'd love to replace my screens with Chabot and Dutchy, or Tkachuk, or Stoner :)
Local economic levels say it all — many places show true colors; blanket lazy governance is everywhere.
My oldest cat pisses me off. She's always been weary of Kennen (senile kinda), but recently shes been sweet. Until she attacked and bit him.
I just got a $250 Bucca order, lets see what happens
Amazing shitpost.
I really wish I could scroll through comments with the video still playing.. sigh
Thank goodness she came clean! no one would have ever suspected otherwise!
Oh daaaaaaamn @SophiaBush! #getitgirl #girlpower #anger #rawr #ChicagoPD #getitgirl #girlpower #anger #rawr #chicagopd
[NAME] for reasons of his ACL. Although, assuming everyone on the list was fit to play, I'll say [NAME].
Last time we played this well on January, we had an allstar center 👀
Thanks for laugh, I needed that.
Is that what it's called now?
> I can't see a teenage girl naming her only son the same name that her baby daddy's actual wife's trueborn son is. /r/brandnewsentence
Makes sense, I don’t think I called out to them ever. Thanks.
probably because unlike the far left there actually isn't a significant difference between the ideologies of the far right
> If you have a point - make it. I did, I'm sorry you missed it.
And the turbulence and near-death experiences.I hurt my neck again too.
I'm sorry that's what you read because it isn't what I said.
Congratulations! Your post just made my day so add that to your list of successes today 😊
Thanks I will try to delete the multiples. Good luck on everything.
I know you're annoyed, but can this sub not be a place to post screenshots of poor opinions from the other sub? It's getting overwhelming.
It’s counterfeit. Just morally wrong.
A car. Let someone else eat the immediate depreciation and break it in for you.
How about catching the tines of your fork on a small hole and hearing it scrape across four other holes?
There are no words to help heal your broken heart, but I’m sending you as much love and support I can.
[NAME] dude I’m sorry. That’s their problem now. Bump some [NAME] and keep moving forward.
You honestly think a law did away with straw purchases? Stop lying.
nadia bully me and ill expose you
Really? I’m not so sure, because I really do like her a lot.
It seems like someone felt personally attacked, lol.
Without seeing the rest, it's entirely possible he's right. "Everyone on reddit thinks it's true" isn't terribly compelling.
I became a member in the summer and have still not gotten my packet, your post just gave me hope it still might come
It's now September and we're still battling a situation that was said to be handled March of this year. @ATT this is unacceptable #unhappy #unhappy
oh wow never heard of that in my life sorry
Amazing story. Thank you for your service
It’s treason then.
Why do y'all gotta be mean like this. They're clearly comfortable with themselves
I am 33 and I still regret things I said in the 5th grade.
People fear the unknown. Once the truth’s out, even if reinfection happens, it’s not as scary as uncertainty.
Glad to hear it has kept going strong. And employed your dad for that long.
I guess he exploded because he went below 50 mph.
I laughed at this 4 years ago.
That such a sad flop [NAME]
"oh look a baby hippo" I'm definitely not filming that wannabe. *goes to a gig* I better film this so o can never watch it ever again.
One season they were really nasty and management seemed to not care when we brought it to their attention.
I haven’t made a choice yet. I like them both. But why do people not like Link?
He’s been shit. Makes the wrong decision in the final third every time this game.
From heroic cancer survivor to bad Italian boy. What a world we love in
Literally a post on reddit by a woman being creepily hit on by a neighbor, with his wife's permission. Today.
I’m so sorry you are going through this. Sounds like an awful experience.
I like to think that the next update will add zeros effects towards the tac mask challenge. Speed things up real quick.
Looks good!
The Chargers defense looks impossibly bad
80%? You watch too much YouTube.
Playing hard to get
Damn, even here in CA the gun haters almost invariably exempt law enforcement from their crusade.
The constant pressure definitely isn't helping. I'm already on anti-depressants, but I am terrified of PPD.
Could not be happier!! #happy #happy
Hi! :) Because I am broke, I guess.
Would love for us to go to [NAME] and give them Tammy for peanuts with a buyback
Well to be fair to these idiots Family Guy constantly makes episodes complaining about their lack of Emmys.
Don't let a few hard months get in the way of a possible beautiful future.
I wouldn't say everyone's fanatical about not paying tax it just sometimes throws you off if you don't remember about it.
My favorite is this gem where [NAME] told [NAME] to stop whining and there is no election rigging..two weeks before the election
Our federal budget is $4 trillion. Until entitlements are reformed the arguments over what things cost is irrelevant.
Wow. It looks really good!
Oh so we get to see [NAME] being a good kid. And then [NAME] tries to MURDER HIM. Makes sense.
I don't know how that works, but it's definitive that it will happen on that date.
Funny thing is I come from New Zealand so the concept of health insurance and paying off maternity bills is foreign outer space Taliban talk to me.
His wrists are too small ☹️
my nose bled a lot for such a tiny thing.
I don't find anything about women appealing.
I bet a load of those foodbank using nurses labour were so previously concerned about would love a 200k interest free loan 👀👀👀
I miss [NAME]. Shame he had to get injured while he was here
Fuck...I love this thread. I love you guys. 😂😂🤗 Yep, even [NAME].
Watch out, [NAME]!! [NAME] is right behind you. Oh god oh fuck he can’t hear us, he has AirPods.
Sure, sorry for late response.
no offense but could troye start dming people so i can feel like less of an idiot when i dm him thanks
You can't post a Sons pic and then say "I got this", that just hurts.
That is one cute baby. I don’t think all babies are cute either. But this is a really cute baby.
I am the same way. I feel your pain! Therapy and meds are helping me!
> Books. Love them, have enough The library is your friend :)
I don’t fucking care
It is the truth lol
i like the poster
One can only hope
Poor [NAME] doesn't deserve that!
> I don’t think it is intentional though. You have been banned from /r/conspiracy
Franchise QB's are leaders who set the tone for the entire lockerroom. [NAME] is a terrible leader.
I once hi-fived the GCS mascot and loved to tell the tale, [NAME]!
I'm okay, dont worry. I wish i'd been a better kid. I'm trying to slow down. I'm sorry for letting you down.
The whole thing is poetry. That finish is magic. Nose to the mit. Love this !
It’s also extremely expensive and school options are limited. Just a thought, I’m all about advancing your career:)
I was going to mention The Dana Carvey Show, gosh darn it. And you forgot [NAME].
I wouldn't count out Scotland in the quarters. They're playing well and have given the US headaches in the past.
They were barely given a chance
They cant see me, bc I cant see them!
Worst juror ever? Michelle. You were Nicole's biggest threat. #bitter #bb18 #bitter #bb18
@jonlovett All that said, you're hilarious and smart. Lovett or Leave It is brilliant. Please come do a live show in Florida!
They start as needy creeps and work their way up to being dangerous.
Yeah I'll probably do some baking with it! I might also like it better after a while, I was just very surprised today 😂
That’s cool man! You have a good night!
Glad I could help but it's not mine. I'm just passing it on.
Wow thanks. Could have sworn the Score app was showing 3pm when I checked it two days ago.
I love in SoSpaHa - south of Spanish Harlem.
I’m currently putting a investigative task force together and I believe that I could be done assembling that team in as early as 400 years!
Waterspouts might be one of nature’s most beautiful dangerous things
This comment is very good and all but it got me thinking, *are* pizzas a type of tire?
Yeah, I took it more like “not us, but the radicals” mb.
Can you read? It says right there the tweeter’s husband got out to help the woman and ask if she was okay
Happy new year /r/newyorkmets. Everyone in this community makes this place feel seriously special. Let's go win a world series in 2019.
Well, that’s not a position many conservatives hold except for the [NAME], but I appreciate the honesty.
As it should be. Great.
I lost it when all the heroes kept going back and forth into siege range
Haha. Thank you
Waited 4 months for trash. But hey I can drive the truck around and live out my can recycling fantasy.
what's the nicest way to tell someone cheerfully whistling outside my apartment door that I will end them should they continue to whistle
JACKPOT!!!
Central Business District. Its where main shops are located normally in very close vicinity.
Konami?! They havent made a relevant or decent game since the 90s.
could've directed them to the employees. it's not hard especially if they're 3 inches from you
Agreed. To add, we also need to see how coaching changes shake out when it's all done.
doesn't the fact that it was used for general studies prove my point :) (and i think we're around the same age)
"This is a warning, there's a bomb in spar, we're giving you circa 100 years to get out"
Houston might lose a coach tomorrow or by midnight.  #yikes #offense? #yikes #offense
I’ve always wanted to do 4 teams of 25 or even 2 of 50
Baby, I'm dancing in the dark
Innovation means "I pridefully made this" in China.
You describe yourself as your knowledge of Asian languages stopping at knowing they exist? How did you know it was Mandarin then? That's impressive.
[NAME]! I told you it would come to this. I was right. The [NAME] are taking over!
Until you get to mid silver lick dps and carry. Then you can go back to tank and you'll get back up there
Silence and For Greater Glory
feeling like im not normal and that im shameful and wrong and other people telling me those things are what have done this to me
Very interesting documentary, just shows how devastating one punch can be.
My dads dislocated his twice. If it happens once, the knee is sometimes weakened which means it can happen again easily.
Omg, this is hilarious
It's probably more like when the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. I'm so sick of this paranoia.
I am removing this post because of sourcing. Read the sidebar.
Home field advantage is barely a thing lmao also I hate the Patriots, you're just being an idiot.
Go get one of those interest free loans provided by banks, you basically get your check just with extra steps.
Yeah dude, that's illegal in so many ways.
Less chance of complications and easier to get pregnant in your 20s. Assuming you are mature enough and prepared financially the younger the better!
The dad is like ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY Jokes aside, good on the dad and the 2nd pissed off dude Tryin to make a change :-
Why not make a piece and send it to them?
The stress that effects you stresses the baby before it’s born. It effects the bond you have and even your milk supply if you breastfeed.
No. Going to a competitive high school was harder and more stressful than all my adult endeavors combined.
Thanks! Thank you for sharing!
Beverly Hills and Wehoo👍
You're going to be free one day, but never if you stop trying. Every weeks a new week, goodluck !
A joyous first webiversary/web mitzvah to Smithsonian's @WeiPoints!! @brianwolly @jackie_mansky @bethpylieberman @bilbo @mazeltov
Lol nice grammar
I'm already tall, I just need to stop being a lanky scarecrow... at least I got good hips
Ok it really just sunk in that I'm seeing the 🐐 in a few hours.. wow 🙄🙄
Can’t wait for CBC, the news needs to know about what’s going on
Thanks for the summary. I was having a hard time keeping up! :)
Utah roads are definitely some of the best out there. Anywhere else I have lived has had either similar or worse, or waaaay waaaay worse
This isnt a excuse. It affected their start last yr also.
In whom? There are millions of people walking around today with no problems.
We really need to sign a new CB now with [NAME] out injured. [NAME] isn't good enough yet.
Yeah what do they expect? maybe they should realize if you push Gen [NAME] and under into poverty they won't be able to afford your crap.
And [NAME] said trust but verify, which is what the House will do.
Indescribably beautiful.
Part of debunking #panic is the idea that either a physical symptom, negative thought, or a behavior begins the vicious cycle. #CBTWORKS #panic #cbtworks
Rough. Poor woman.
Back in my day the only bars you could find were real ones👴
That can be true...
Oh no, [NAME] baby! WHAT is you doing?
Both are awesome states. I just got back from NM yesterday! Good luck with your move.
Oh man, I forgot about that! Which episode was that from?
I was talking about have a more positive outlook on life if it's meaningless anyways.
Came in to work today 1.5 hours late.1st thing I hear: 'Ma'am,the big boss has been waiting for you in his office.' #panic #hateBeingLate 😩😪 #panic #hatebeinglate
Agreed. I'm happy he was able to find a resolution of sorts; to effectively overcome the event.
Oh that’s so sad that she thinks anyone cares about her opinion
Definitely not a misunderstanding if you read the articles Bloomberg posted.
>Sorry, but any city that had any kind of ~~epidemic in its~~ history will have bunches of dead people buried under it.
some days its like there is a fog sitting on top of my brain, and i can't seem to get rid of it.
No matter which way you slice it there is something very punny about the Hotel Lobby.
Joat, mo nint. I don't question the dutch part, I question it being a staple/stable.
It was a great AMA too
In inter-group relationships, #anger makes people think in more negative and prejudiced terms about outsiders. #anger
Thank I may just try to find halal store and buy snacks that are popular . I heard even marshmallow may not comply.
This fucken essay
Everything can be turned into a fetish, why right now someone could be jerking off while watching paint dry.
Read the title of this post. I said ugly people can be LIKED. But people don’t truly FALL IN LOVE with physically unattractive people
Gonna be at the game! Let's get this win boys!
It's so really sad how praising the Creator ([NAME]) has become something associated with terrorism... Astaghfirullah.
Are you allowed to voice any political opinion on Youtube or are they also censoring based on this?
Thanks very much, so do I! :)
Well hes asking is it possible and the answer is that it is possible to be honest.
No income = no pension payments required. Health care, I think is mandatory, but I don’t know the enforcement scheme.
I have tried and succeeded. You’ve just had bad luck my friend.
Added you mate well I’ve just got the bow and I love the hunting aspect of the game so happily join you hunting and what not
Shut up [NAME] we’ve had enough of experts
Oh [NAME]. But I'm sort of confused as to how the pic was taken, sorry if you said it but I'm a bit stupid and tired
Now we just need to kill [NAME] if [NAME] wasn't saved to really even the odds with her, similarly to [NAME] with [NAME].
Good for #70 to console the poor guy #70
Nae bother, Happy to bring musical joy in to any household.....
Not that hard, but definitely time consuming, especially to gather a dataset fit for video training.
Yeah knew that as well but i dont know wich color is the best to use though. Is purple the best choice?
Tell her boyfriend and send him the screenshots of her saying she’s having affairs for proof. Then cut this toxic person out of your life!
Nope. 7th grade, different state.
I love stories that end well. Makes the new year even better.
Exactly. We’re only here for the money, assholes.
Is the wooosh on us cause there’s no fuckin wooosh to begin with or
You've been promoted to branch-manager!
[NAME] has a great bit on this topic.
Slowing things down now
But still, crying "castrate all pedophiles" because they could be potential rapists is like crying "kill all men, they are all potential rapists."
[NAME] that website is cancer. Also I love how the main "entertainment" in it is straight up harassment.
[NAME] will remember that.
Why not just stop the car and test everyone right there? The passengers can show them what real Chinese hospitality means.
No. I did it for years though. It sucks, trying to be better about it.
Glucose guardian!!!! Salmonblue, you are doing amazing sweetie.
[NAME] is a hungry little bastard.
Thank you, Aunt Yang Hongying, for accompanying my childhood. Watching my nephews and nieces reading my favorite Smiling Cat Diary with fascination made me suddenly realize — I’ve really grown up.
@SadiqKhan #terrorism shouldn't be a way of life in the united etates and wasn't until #islam brought it here! #IslamExposed #islambacon #terrorism #islam #islamexposed #islambacon
Can someone manage Shaanxi? The national health commission lists low-risk areas, but Shaanxi ignores them.
Thanks, I'm the LAOTOP and I found this response as informative as the comments in the original post.
@RealJamesWoods @KennyCoble saddest part of this whole mess is that all of this #anger is #misdirected they should march 2 the #WhiteHouse #anger #misdirected #whitehouse
A data scientist extracts information out of usually very big data sets, applying statistics and the likes.
Unnecessary. This was painfully obvious
Yea, it's a waste of bullets.
This is the sweetest.
Yup! Lol
So everyone’s cool with the corn rolling on the floor then? alright cool.
However the agent was inauthentic, my sister still loves me, &amp; I'm still alive. So I guess it wasn't that bad. #socialanxiety #anxiety #socialanxiety #anxiety
[NAME]: "I like being bad. It makes me happy."
I love many fanarts of this paring, but this is one of my favorite ones. :)
She did mention she loves making costumes
That was quite the read, very good story!
I know and I think that's a lot more impressive/interesting. :)
I’m sorry to hear this. Live a hell of a life for your mate
yes, I could link the playlist, but my voice was even higher back then than it is now, and the video quality is terrible
@vibaby @imEB y'all had crackheads in the islands? I don't know why I find that so interesting and shocking
You've not listened to him.
I don't think that's true. Every major story I remember from the [NAME] investigation has been from court documents.
In the last 4–5 episodes, the dubbing and lip-sync don’t match; Uncle An’s lines didn’t even move his lips—completely ruined.
I had a second date yesterday with such bad breath! I gave him a pass on the first date because we met online.
Looks like he's been dealing with a wrecking ball of stuff
I have seen strangers get into fights over one of them cat calling some woman.
You two are the real heroes
Thank [NAME] you used this prequel quote and not, “You’re exactly the way I remember you in my dreams.”
How illuminating.
Oof. Didn't see what happened but cizikas like died on the ice there for a minute.
They must not have known their daughter was such a badass.
Jazz too i remember the office and pnr talk about how bad it is.
[NAME] isn’t interested in ceremony but is interested in having time with you. Love this!
Um, no, it wouldn't be days before anyone looked for a missing kid. Hours maybe. Not days.
My heart was beating fast from excitement.
Oh ok sorry
I think a [NAME] government would be far far worse than Brexit.
Being adorable mostly
ah, [NAME] I love this boy
Or you have msdn
[NAME] it'd be funny if it weren't so pathetic.
I tell myself that but when I’m at 90 I’m like a zombie
*Noveau riche* effect. American tourists were similarly perceived as 'the rudest' in the mid-century.
Tomorrow is the day I cut and dye my hair! 😳  #excited #excited
All on my lonesome, thanks for all the encouragement, it was worth it, I went on Wednesday morning and it still hurts to sit down / raise my arms / move, but especially my triceps.
thanks! :)
The World Between Worlds veered worryingly close to this territory. Luckily it was handled well.
She studied abroad and lives carefree now — does she look broke? Only people with more money than sense would donate; she’s doing better than you.
[ALL]: Guys werewolves aren't real. [TEAM]: They are real.
The man and dog have been spotted running past [NAME] and nobody is helping! I would help but I just had my nails done.
that is not true. I often shoot the rifle round the blast 2 shots from the double barrel. Unless it got changed recently.
A girl bashed my then girlfriends head in with a cane, she didn't even get jail time.
And to think we roast them for it...
We are. EU regulations, laws created by the European Parliament. Don't say something that is blatantly untrue
I was on a date with this woman.
damn i’d love a transboy to be my prince charming
jeeez i've never seen a scorpion so bad it actually flipped the person up right
I want to say I'm shocked. I'm not. Disgusted, but not shocked.
Not exactly a question but thanks for all you did on the Mets.
This.. im sorry but this is a dumb reply. Ofc it was fake kindness golly
I’m shaking rn
I'm at the point in my life that I'm playing Christmas music in my room because i need winter and joyful times rn
Jilin treats secondary contacts as primary, isolating for 28 days—lazy one-size-fits-all governance, afraid of responsibility. Local governments can’t speak up; they just say “provincial rules,” ignoring public welfare and pushing us to despair.
His mom was a handsome woman!
I have never laugh cried so hard at a TV moment
I was scared for that white building.
Yes - sometimes I see amazingly detailed little faces. It's so weird.
Had a baby before, those movements should be the last of your worries
You're just upset because it accurately highlights the absurdity of the minimum wage.
Oh I wasn't offended. ITA with you on the rest.
Just had #efficient #great #smiling service @AppleBelgique store. Impressive team of geniuses ready to redefine what customer service is! #efficient #great #smiling
Thank you for that link, ended up finally having a nice quote to make as a flair
Except it seems like the constant jerking off about DMC was one of the several things that could have led to them drifting apart.
i really want to read this fic i found but it's #serious and this room is full of #memes #serious #memes
Latest on new optimism on keeping #Raiders in #Oakland, live right now on @KCBSNews: @NFL meets here w/Lott &amp; Schaaf to talk new stadium #raiders #oakland
what's heartwarming
Oh interesting. I must have got in a while ago.
X+n is an even worse option for class caps, so you have pointed out that an old broken system is now more broken. Thanks.
Wow first fight in a while where I don't want either dude to lose.
He should be banned from the nfl. I can’t get behind this.
oof okay, thanks for the info. Hopefully he fares better with our line/TE's
You're ugly
I think that's a reference to how fucking mad watching [NAME] makes people feel. ie shit [NAME] is playing and now I have the furies!
*NOW* you understand jokes.
I'm not just. I wanna know why its a thing all of a sudden.
Others said with confidence that it was a drug deal gone bad.
I'm confused...did you do anything? And people that aren't your husbands family or friends are also saying this?
Another trendy communist that doesn't know what communism is.
I think it was more hope, we all make mistakes. I thought [NAME] was going to step up.
I love how the dog bites hard enough to pull it away, but soft enough to not kill it
Never, ever, ever, ever double text. Pursue other girls after the first text is unanswered.
It is definitely not a coincidence that he used women to represent both political sides.
@Justin_Gau @JamesMelville You certainly wouldn't catch me with the multitude. #ghastly #ghastly
Woo! New sci fi! Thanks!
It's an... Interesting place. You seen that boy shoofta that posts on it? He ain't right.
I hope [NAME], [NAME], and that wonderful, talented, [NAME] QB defeat the Pats.
I really wanna go fright night at Thorpe Park next month 👻
@viquintis OH yeah; I never showed you that part of the session did I? I'll plop them into Discord. Pure hilarity.
The sheer size of [NAME] now is insane, would love to see him come back at heavyweight
glad to hulp
You're saying some surprisingly stupid things for someone named "[NAME]."
Every. Bloody. Time. I never learn to just shut up though.
@SapientSoldier timid but determined version of the rabid beasts beyond the land. Growling beneath my restrained breath, I //rip// myself --
That's fucking awesome! I had no idea they would straight up off a dude for trifling! Lmao Winning information forsure, cheers man.
Great album! 👊
Panda eyed jaunty after watching jaws until late!
This is so bad and I really don't get that politicians or party's like ovld don't realise this. Why block actually defends this.
Hi I’m [NAME], why don’t you take a seat over there.
Yeah, when I saw she was in LA, I really hope that. Oh please, be true.
900 IQ Play by that tracer to use her 300 Damage Ultimate on a 600HP Character who has a healing/damage resistant ability.
just read it... how do these people get away with such garbage decisions.
No! You've gotta make it warm, let it sit in the sun and have all the sugar dissolve into it! THEN you chill it!
Clever, original, and a little knotty. Nice work.
He was trying to move the gun away so that it wouldn't hurt anyone!!!!.
> is this big news? Not really. The primary use of vit D is different.
The guys rappelling on the wall... Wow.
Did you do the frame check by yourself or someone else did it?
@rabpeel snap, seems to be a problem here
What a disgusting person she is
I was sitting in the van trying to stay warm, and going over the following day's logistics in my head.
That’s not what I said, but ok.
and it's way better than the shit websites do now.
I’m fully onboard with you there, I was more commenting that to get the liberals in this sub thinking, since ACAB gets downvoted into oblivion
Ah it's the old one. First I can remember! Of course not the first. Or the last. Hard to keep track at times...
You're right, I was just trying to avoid getting too specific, as all financial advise will vary based on OP's financial situation and needs.
Idk why ur being downvoted, I thought that's funny
That sounds terrible! I get hay fever some years, I also have eczema and anxiety, all at once sounds like pure hell.
Are we regressing to feudalism? Isn’t this healthy beauty? So fit people can’t be on camera now? Must be pale, thin, young? Isn’t that body discrimination?
Oh. My. [NAME].
It’s simpler to prove that something exists than to prove that something has always existed, Occam is on my side lol
Thanks now I’m insecure again
@rohan_connolly i think your high-profile female colleague would be one in yhat category... #massexodus #bitter #massexodus #bitter
Actually, I was just wanting for him to say..."oh know...just attack her..."
It's all out of love... We promise.
Yeah, I killed this post. Reddit is a great place and I'm glad I made my suggestion here.
Yes! She lost more!
What an immature response. With a little passive agressive racism to boot. Classy.
Riggs dumb ass hell lolol  #LethalWeapon #lethalweapon
Brutal piece!
Damn. I want to see some of those comments!
You're making me look bad [NAME], while she yells and screams.
Does this attitude go for anything where you accidently end up killing someone via stupid behaviour?
Hoping Heavy Machinery get the win. Would like to see them as champs.
Looking at this hurts my teeth but dot damn those roses look so pretty
Fantastic. Would love to see where its at at 250 and 500 hours - I'm sure still well ahead of my 1/3 hourly.
remember when that guy got #angry that i kept saying gary sanchez was the best baseball player in the world... lmao #angry
I'll miss the podcast
No, not sarcastically :)
Best I've ever had came out of a Disney cookbook my daughter brought home from
#bestadvice from a #movienight, pickup the #phone &amp; #start dialing, no1 will knw a #startups #product #service if thy dnt tell the #world #bestadvice #movienight #phone #start #startups #product #service #world
simply reply "no." sometimes youve gotta be rude.
I have 3 words. More Material Needed.
I hate that this is true. Some of these offices are such a pain to find and cash tips are never part of the equation
NO I HAVE NOT EVER FIRED MY GUN IN THE AIR AND GONE AAAAGGHHH!
Didn't know they sell pro bowl jerseys.
Apologies. My point still stands. A .8% lead is an insignificant majority at best. Saying one demograohic is most of the population is a bit misleading
I thought you looked familiar, get back over to r/NCAAW
Got it! Thank you!
Impressive to have such foresight.
You're simply suggesting betrayal in a different form.
Reminds of kissing my first girlfriend. [NAME], we had no idea what we were doing.
Where the fuck is that Kepner rocks person when we need them the most.
[NAME] is such a pretty lady. I'm jealous of those huge eyes!
[NAME] i will laugh so hard if [NAME] actually bombs AS5
I love how this sub is so sensitive. Some people just havent seen them IRL!
> I just take their word for it that **some** of them find **some** things offensive, and their reasons why.
A journey into my world ( or at least into my brain. )
I just enjoy feasting off tears ....mmmmm
were sat in my sat room cloved watchin Manchester Unide @ManUtd v Norffampton do you fink but @WayneRooney is still goal fret at iced level
Sigh, everything changes meaning when it comes from officials’ mouths. And there’s nowhere to reason — even if you do, no one listens!
Gang beast is really only fun with friends
Yep, regardless how people feel about this benign ad, it has generated 6.9 million views and countless posts. It's a resounding success.
Oh yeah didn’t notice the username. Yeah please do. I just recently got into photography. Total noob but I love it.
“You have no clue what fascism is” Goes on to promote literal genocide tactics. You’re despicable
Considering that was a very early episode of SU, making tall trans women feel good is awesome :D
I just googled the thing. Yeah thats it! I might have described it incorrectly but that looks very similar. Thanks!
Hate them. I really don't need to hear about you pissing your pants in the first grade.
Because they pay into the EU we can't threaten to cut their allowance...
@myaeggs I can't get a better look at her bc I'm too shy to make eye contact ;-;
Its very popular in the not comic book demographics.
@bt_uk broadband is shocking regretting signing up now  #shouldofgonewithvirgin #shouldofgonewithvirgin
*"Wow"*
Can you repost this as a Brokeback Mountain meme? “I can’t quit you [[NAME]].” ;P
The chubby one scurrying away against the baseboards has me cracking up. Typical hamster.
Ah, so you're the reason people hate aspies.
I love this guy.
That sounds terrible.
Puppies in 95% of cases. Sorry but some dogs are ugly no matter how old they are.
He sold fish in The Bad Kids too… Seems the grudge from that freezer killing carried over — still starting from fish selling, but at least he’s a boss now.
@ChowdharyMahima Appreciate ur 'half truth.' Don't let ur good judgement swayed in the realm of propaganda. State doesn't sponsor terrorism.
I Don't know what make #Pakistan fear more their #terrorist or their #terrorism  #TerrorStatePak #pakistan #terrorist #terrorism #terrorstatepak
If donors really exist, I just want to know—what mindset did they have? Please satisfy my curiosity~
That may be — we are talking about the stock market, though. :)
Still waiting on act 3. Geeze why don't you do your job already?
I feel like I've seen a comment like this on another post
Thanks I absolutely love it.
Appreciate the love man!! It's a fun game!
You're welcome! Happy New year!
No matter what, we can all listen to *You Shook Me All Night Long* during earthquakes.
I still play
she’s dropping a winter project it could be that but who knows
They're only part of it. There are subliminals as well. My sa is cured. Have a blast keeping yours if that's what you want
This is actually fascinating. I actually love this. Please don't call the cops.
Defining yourself in terms of opposition, i.e. the clouded mirror phenomena, is almost always a mistake.
Loving @Speechless_ABC so far. Just hilarious and @driverminnie is wonderful. #hilarious #Bravo 👏🏻👏🏻 #hilarious #bravo
@ubiqsmart  looking like a good buy in price. Great platform and Dev team future looks #bright #bright
Damn you, [NAME]. I’m a woman and yours are bigger than mine. It’s not fair!
Watch it in German but use English subtitles trust me
The happiest of birthdays to you, [NAME]!
I’d burn my hand for nothing if it meant keeping my family alive and safe.
thank god your not on the dev team
Since you’re in China, follow China’s COVID rules. Don’t let a few of you disrupt an entire district.
The sub seems to be split. Im more a fan of the former
huh i didn’t even know that button existed
It's great that he was banned and your coworkers helped you out!! :D
This is very [serious], how dare you guys mock this [serious] science?!
I’ve never heard of this website! Thanks for letting me know.
I almost feel sorry for the poor fellow because, to me, the fingers still look abnormally stubby
yeah this doesn’t represent our fan base well. gg guys!
Or, you know, imagine just poking some fun at the endless title speculation threads.
“It’s different because I deserve it.” These same assholes in rural areas.
That’s not an example, that’s an anecdote... and it suggests to me that you don’t know how any of this works
I too cuddle with this guy’s sister in law if his wife is tired
I can’t think of any at the moment but I just wanted to say I love [NAME] lol.
Top female players including [NAME] practice against college men players and get beat a lot by them. I wouldn't be suprised to see [NAME] win even at 14..
He looks like [NAME]
This is probabaly going to be an unpopular opinion but I definitely think all police cars should be clearly marked, unless they're part of an undercover operation.
Thanks for this video. It was just what I needed
[NAME] better be careful. He'll be next.
After I rationalized a bit, I calmed down.
When I walk in darkness of despondency, Sc.verses I've memorized shine a light in my heart. Ex: Lam 3:22-25 #despondency #despondency
When you dint know Anarchism at all so you think you can be anarchist and capitalist at the same time !
@carlybigelow13 first you take the room now you wanna beat me up
I would like to say that I see plenty of people in their young adult life that are still incapable of living on their own.. lol
I searched for her a thousand times among the crowd, and suddenly turned back — there she was, smiling in the dim lights, wisps of hair over autumn-water eyes. She haunts my soul and dreams.
Now I'm wondering if [NAME] drinks, and if he's ever been inebriated during one of his deals.
And how did that turn out for [NAME]?
Made by [NAME] who also was involved with Sacred Games so I think you'll enjoy it.
When you can't hold in years of emotional trauma anymore
NEVER FEAR!!! [NAME] IS HERE!!
@walterdonovanSS @mrb_rides_again evil, rich white men and their fucking cronies in intelligence/gov/academia using blithe blacks as fodder
People in distressed states, get very disturbed by loud bangs, it really hard to keep them calm, it has a knock on effect for days.
We need a law like that in the US since they ignore our doccument thats supposed to protect those sort of things.
Let’s not get creative again
I apologise. It looks like you can be charming from time to time, not only today.
Interesting that [NAME] is closer to [NAME] in terms of efficiency compared to [NAME]. We give him too much shit.
You can have a certain #arrogance, and I think that's fine, but what you should never lose is the #respect for the others. #arrogance #respect
I understand that there are exceptions but saying a knife is as dangerous as, or more dangerous than a gun is a little ridiculous.
They can be upset about both. Believe me, I've heard the lecture about how Catholicism is a cult and the abortion tirade in the same sitting.
New play through tonight! Pretty much a blind run. Only played the game once and maybe got 2 levels it. #Rage  #rage
I can't stop trying to parse it. Lick (my) azz; lick Ms. [NAME]) azz; Chevy('s) lick azz.
The chicken and bacon one sounds absolutely baller. I’ll have to check it out! Thanks
I’ve never been punched by a kangaroo, so we’re even.
literally everyone until there is not a single potential enemy left on this earth that's how fascism works, buddy.
I thought you and the other person meant turtles. Which really confused me
And I'm crying. But you're so right. Thank you.
That's crazy I just watched two of his movies last night. Unbreakable and split. Very interesting movies.
Hoooo boy am I ready for a masterpiece
I don’t think it was a freestyle? So not really comparable?
I've been twice and both locations had a serious bee problem.
52k upvotes in 2 hours. That's Reddit for you! Congrats, guy!
Now I'm going to sulk again for a week until #OurGirl is back on! @michkeegan and @benaldridge07 are the best! @OurGirlWatch #ourgirl
Last night I had a dream that today was Christmas. I woke up screaming because I wasn't ready.
This guy likes his town - except for the pig blood processing
What’d he say?? I want to be in on his shame!
Why would [NAME] retire when he still has 5 horcruxes left?
Not all men harass women, but enough of them are that all women have *been* harassed by men.
Great thanks! Just wanted to be prepared in case of OT or something
The dad is a douche and the cashier seems like he just doesnt have social skills. I really dislike the dad more than anybody.
Being rich isnt the only way to be successful. The first success to conquer is learning to love and accept ourselves
WAS THE A FUCKING QUESTION MARK ABOVE THAT GUYS HEAD? Time to git ur pitchfurks.
What a totally innocent and integral part of our society! So glad our tax money can keep him company over his year long holiday!
I have never gone from almost brushing off something to darn near vomiting because of it, good lord.
Getting back [NAME] would be nice. He's kind of like [NAME]
Oh I'm contributing mate, don't you worry. The sub clown has been made to look like a knob again! Enjoy your Sunday night x
Oh look, it's wr2! *proceeds to get fucked*
And now I'm hungry. Thanks.
Wish more people shared your thoughts, it will make the world a better place.
I like the way you think!
I have, Just i cant talk with them now, ill try to as fast as possible, thank you for your advice!
a bee got into my pants and crawled all the way up my leg.
I have another test tonight #nervous #nervous
Hah. Thanks!
Oooo she has a crush on you that’s embarrassing!
I had worked and my hand's still hurt and all kinds of bullshit lazy Cleo reasons for not going out and having fun when I have time.
It’s reasonable that normalized areas don’t require mass testing. But where community cases are rising, universal testing also makes sense!
Japan edging out Canada? WTF? There's some bullshit going on there, man. And what rocketed Switzerland from obscurity to the top of the mountain in 2017?
I love polo shirts
You sure seem angry. #itwillbeokay #itwillbeokay
Freedom in clothing, freedom in hiring! Isn’t it “girls help girls”? Why attack working women? Should busty beauties stay jobless, unseen?
Did you see it with [NAME]? I don’t see him have chemistry with anyone
Delete this post before you wake the wolves. It is okay for [NAME] to be influenced by the [NAME] and [NAME], saying the reverse is just stupidity.
But those other jobs are what allow the engine of US imperialism to keep running, and keep destroying innocent people's lives all around the world.
No, this was changed years ago. Schools don't lose funding.
Here. I didn’t delete it, but rather changed my tumblr name.
Wow starters before 6 min mark?? Insane
Paired with all the other trivial things they make you do that have no effect on your job performance, it's just to break your spirit.
Thank you, I appreciate it <3
More insults, [NAME] said my bit now all you have is a show that proves what I said to be the truth, nothing more nothing less.
"...but then some guy on internet promised, yes promised, that [NAME] existed, and it turned my life around". Dude, come on...
You guys will be shocked to know it is another cut of the Ga Spa vid.
She must hate her father.
[NAME] is a comedian. Every monologue he does is based in humor -- extremely intelligent humor. He is also extremely observant.
Someone who’s to sad and empty to care about toast... me I guess?
Sorry but this is too rad to be cringe for me. This is like if [NAME] was a general.
Oh man, good luck man. Stay strong!
Thanks I hate that comment
Fuck yea!
oh the irony of asking for nudes on a device that can conjure all porn ever conceived at a moment's notice
Yeah, I feel like Velvet Underground is the band of choice for 20 year olds
There are! Ask your doctor today!
He just texted me that he misses me...
When it’s read this way it’s way more badass. The way people normally quote it just sounds stupid.
Welcome to the depressed group
What in the fuck was [NAME] doing there
so you want things to get tied up for months???? just relax... nothing we can do but give it a few days
Y'all bitches be so angry and bitter, that must truly suck lol
@ReginalTSquirge you could add a jaunty bow\nOr bells
I suppose when discussing socialism one ought to avoid the use of the word prosperity, it does become a touch embarrassing.
The tree actually moved!!! Who is this guy?!
>[NAME] loves people For dinner?
"Yeeaah, I know you're homeless and all but apartments are actually really boring. My most beautiful memories were all made outside in nature."
@sandrosmom The horror!
Congrats to you!! So happy for you! wow socks is sooo nice!
It still seems Fairy popular, I might get it. Thanks for the tip!
I felt sick to my stomach with fear, and struggled against every ounce of strength I had when he finally untied me from my chair.
[NAME] must have like 6 rebounds already
The government is closed right now and nothing is happening at all. When they come back, they might just be pissed enough to let everybody through.
I wish I could get this kind of funny stuff sent to me on Snapchat. All I ever get are bobs and vagene.
Love this! I follow interior designers, natgeo, and Better Homes and Gardens lol. It gives me decorating and baking inspo! No guilt or comparing.
Yep, lack of proper coaching yet again. Sucks we missed out on [NAME].
It's about 20 years. They let me out early because of good behavior.
I love this reply
Pretty sure it’s a reference to Netflix’s “Bird Box” movie. In which case - brutal; I love it.
Why so much green though lol
##**IN THE MIDDLE OF OUR NEIGHBORHOOD**
@LeafyIsHere will showing off biceps scare you?
Huh, that explains it.
They can choose not to be abused by refusing to work such a shitty job
I knew this was a Shitpost before I clicked it. Is this an INTJ thing btw?
[NAME] just knocked him over but okay cool
I was still naked.
A video that makes me happy
Just wondering how they did it visually with all the fireworks going on
The republicans are the military. You are an idiot.
That's a lot of assumptions. My local post is exceedingly lazy.
Our county is considered a price valley in Zhejiang — around 20,000 per sqm in the old town, 12,000 in suburban villages, 6,000–10,000 in towns.
I'd pay good money to watch someone slap that pout off Candice.
Right. He didn't even say a word. I feel like I've seen this before tho.
And then you finally hit it only to drop it off the end table.
Wow she said that? Let me just #red flag #red
That dog was so happy I thought he was gonna start flying like tails the fox in sonic
At the end of the day I know that my kids will never worry about me leaving them 💕
Man from Czech Republic can't understand why a name common in his neck of the woods is not so common elsewhere.
> Just because you're white doesn't mean you should try to speak for white people. That's the joke™
Nasty, pigeons are nasty.
Such a great thing to hear. Setting aside my very immense distaste for SA, this really just makes me happy. I love our country.
When I was in 3rd Grade, I wanted to sneak into my pregnant teachers house and make her drink beer.
There have been some really good replies in this thread, I hope they help you too! :)
I like [NAME] as a person I just don’t want to see or hear any sexy times between her and [NAME].
Bisexuality: Sexual tension with everyone. Somehow a much smaller dating pool.
Jk I'm not a loner just really shy 😅
What’s the point of this number? So many around me infected but unreported — what exactly are you counting?
[NAME] bringing on Sir [NAME] to confront [NAME] about calling him fat is a great interview
I'm a little disappointed that the tier markings werent' just different shades of green.
That's kind of sad to be honest.
This is like the timeline from hell.
the blame too easy to place on my shoulders.
Then you’re opposed to the running game. His [NAME] largely suffered because [NAME] got the juicy carries.
@ChrissyCostanza and have social anxiety. There is many awkward things wrong with me. 😄
That’s the face of trying your best not to smile at a bad pun.
The username makes it even better, sucking a dudes toes, who is [NAME]. Man I'm jealous
So grim being up at 6
Looks like a good DILF look to be fair lol
Thats me, I'm lolicon ¦>
Thanks for the insight. I'm not knowledgeable about it, I admit. I am sensitive to many types of plastics, though.
For me its keeping sane and safe without it that's the issue.
[NAME] increasing his trade value so we can trade him to NO for Lonzo. Thank you [NAME]!
You have been rewarded my friend.
@MetsProspectHub @brianpmangan taking offense to acount...he ranks 32 of 36 over last 2 years by SABR
I lost a couple niggas I want revenge so put me in coach
cliche as it sounds, it’s never too late to start. can’t change your past, creating a better future starts now
I would think that would be pretty awkward having phone sex with a stranger
I can tell.
Ooooh wow. 😆
asking for a source is good lol
Me too. One of my favorite potential Dem candidates
Next up: Raindrops Keep Falling on My Head
Please stop LOOKING, and go.
I'm really enjoying Season 3 but this would ruin it for me.
fellow trans guy with an nmom. i know what youre going through. it absolutely sucks. im sorry man. my PMs are open.
Oooooooo, definitely agree on [NAME].
I told you, he’s not a menace!
@amychozick @jswatz Not a word about terrorism.
Go take a shower your personality stinks
I’m glad at least one good thing could come from my experience!
If you don't believe the government has the power to restrict things, you're not a liberal, you're an anarchist or a libertarian.
“Why is there always someone that brings eggs and tomatoes to a speech?” -[NAME]
Happy New Year! May good fortune follow you day and night, year after year.
Lol don't worry, they even make you somehow hate [NAME] in season 2.
[NAME] fucking practice and watch some tutorials before fucking up a $100 bottle of French champagne
Me me big sad.
hard to bound with half team who leave after every season
Got a link?
Oh we’re TANKING tanking
These folks have surpassed
Right under the sepsis protocol in epic
Thank you so much!
Because men are weak/stupid enough to let them.
Thanks for the reply. They are saying the engine issue is in cold weather. I live in NY. Does it get cold where you live?
He's hanging with friends...TV on, volume down. People asking, how are things in Detroit and he just shrugs and shakes his head
[NAME], they deserve each other, but I don’t want this to happen because they would inevitably procreate and make stupid “boring” kids.
I didn’t say for how long I’d been in it. :) Maybe it was made of ply board and garbage!
Welp, I'm an idiot. Even better on you for going through the trouble to give credit, then.
@WelshGasDoc @PlaidCymru supporter @reesmarshall239 #prejudice against #disabled people #disabledlivesmatter  #bbcnews #skynews #prejudice #disabled #disabledlivesmatter #bbcnews #skynews
How had Matty Dawson not scored there!!!!!
There's always that one song which makes you turn of the radio, as you'd rather sit in silence 😡
Once I dropped mine on my foot, so I grounded him to a fudd range for a weekend It was tough for both of us
They should fight to have Vans remove the [RELIGION] star from the back of their shoe.
Hijab, keeps my ears warm
Hes been amazing, so good I've pondered about playing a 442 with [NAME] and him in the middle
I prefer boyfriend over partner any day lol
I love your Grandma! Good for you for not just giving in.
[NAME] is dank
Fish tanks and fiddlesticks, that was intense!
Is this the go-to battle cry now of anyone The Left disagrees with or supports [NAME]? A Russian Agent? Give me a break.
aleesha—kitchen sink, twenty one pilots (!!)
ICQ is just making me mad!!!😤 #icq  #icq
I'm sorry that happened to you. You planned a awesome day that I wouldve loved celebrating with you. Happy Birthday
Alright bud, I'll be sure to do that on my nearest panic attack. Cheers
I bawled my eyes out, my best girl.
I’m pretty sure you can run as long as one of your parents is a US citizen (correct me if I’m wrong).
Lol thats Why i lose my Games cuz i Play with bots like you. Do the World a favor and go back too minecraft Lol
Oh dear, The combination of drugs, alcohol and a cell phone has caused many regrets.
This'll probably get buried, but what the hell?
That’s the most intelligent question I’ve ever been asked. I *could* answer it...
And oops AND a yikes. Maybe even as much as an OOF. Definitely a wow from me
Lol yea I'm sure some were. High school girls are a little insane
I take everyone that visits me over to Lands End .. I'm a huge fan of the hike from there back to Sea Cliff!
Just the fact that people constantly use words like "incel" to demean people proves that society is getting worse than it already is.
Always. And on a shallower note, he is aging so well, the handsome devil.
@ThePerfectBrit || I smell your fear.
Other than the Futurescope trilogy, it is pretty bland.
wow that's next level here. I am familiar with people dangerously going over 2+ lanes and the zebras but I have never seen that in DFW.
@Onision @Eugenia_Cooney annoyed by the good loving fans of Onision including myself Is really annoyed at how people just are too cheerful.
It does change based on choices. Apparent ones are [NAME] or [NAME] being captured. Other little things might change as well.
Were lucky we were able to get this much money back for him wish him all the best in spain
No response after a week? That's something to worry about.
Please stop uploading twitter links. There's a reason people ask for/post mirrors.
I crossed my arms, smiled, tilted my head, and said, `` I thought you were supposed to be in Austria? ''
Halfway to work and I realize I forgot to put on underwear....It's going to be one of those days! #mombrain #toomuchgoingon #longday #breezy #mombrain #toomuchgoingon #longday #breezy
@wvgmltd @DalefootCompost @ThomasEtty Would you like to clean my cooker top, please??? 😉😊 #sparkling #nomess #sunglassesneeded #sparkling #nomess #sunglassesneeded
That sucks. But you can find another SO. You can't unhave a kid.
If we can get a 1st rounder it is without a doubt worth it.
IM GOING TO GO BACK TO INDONESIA UNLESS YOU STOP PAYING CHILD SUPPORT YOU SHOULD BE SUPPORTING ALESS AND [NAME]
Yes. Once I went to lunch so late in a 9-5 job it was dark when I got back.
Eh, keep it here. There's plenty of need for content that isn't about politics or antisemitism. Food is fun for everyone to talk about.
Intolerance of what? You keep using these buzzwords but don’t seem to have a clue about what they mean.
Boy I *sure hope* this isn't a weekly thread, how obnoxious, haha
It's time to feel the fucking Bern, America.
I figured just being there is the main help. I will probably ask them as many questions as they ask me.
I thought that too, but I was wrong. And I know that full health is 170.
Nope. I don't think so either. Same thing I noticed with a couple of accounts that posted here at ESS recently.
i had not even known of a coup in thailand. the last news i remember seeing about thailand was the death of the king.
The way it took out that tree!!
@notquitefrodo @dominictarason I remember TAs in the gamedev program said he had temper tantrums in class all the time lol
What game do you think that is ? Because that'd be Tetris or Minecraft my dude, not your teenage greasy neckbeard crap. Sorry.
Lol would share half of the sofa 10/10 times for either of those sweet doggos!
alright yeah guess i am stupid
Try to find the good in the negative. The negative can turn out to be good.\n#anxietyrelief #optimism #openminded #optimism #openminded
What. The. Fresh. Fuck.
@Lythero *hugs himself hoping Doom shows up to insult everyone*
Last event went well, 40+ signups. Looking forward to some new faces this time. Special surprise for the winner!
Bet there are some disappointed - and yet newly disciplined - [NAME] who got tricked by that subreddit title.
How do you know he likes beer. Did he ever once state that he likes beer?
> You don’t get to whitewash Libertarianism’s racist roots. Please educate me on this or educate yourself:
I would normally give them the benefit of the doubt but they've really damned themselves today. Their hypocrisy is incredible.
Why on earth couldn't she just bring a hat from home if it was such a big issue to her? Lol.
I'm not searching for anything, but even though I'd like them to be, I don't think anything I'm feeling is justifiable.
Thanks for the recommendations!
I'm asking if you didn't realize orthodoxy considers not Orthodox movements to be wrong. I'm asking if you didn't realize what the implications are
Because they want to believe [NAME] is a man, despite them claiming that [NAME] is no man..?
You speak the truth, plain & simple. Yet we’re the malevolent bad guys! WTH?!
Picturing you sneezing and banging your head made me laugh so hard! THAT'S WHAT YOU GET! Now, pipe down.
You just gotta man up, go out there, and get that kiss.
She is only good if a team has good communication. (And this is a ~600hr sombra main saying this.)
Nice job censoring u/alexneverafter right there
The players turning on him for crying story cracked me up though.
Agreed, especially considering so many pets that were once given as a gift are abandoned later anyway.
Very interesting video. Thank you for sharing.
I'm not too excited to see [NAME] and [NAME] throwback offense again. Run 3 times punt and play great defense. Zzzzzz.
Do you dislike the concept or the way they use prepositions? Does your first language lack the concept as well? :)
I live in Suiderstrand, which is past Aghulas, no option for fibre here unfortunately :(
Haha damn this put a huge smile on my face! Good job on handling that situation. This almost deserves it's own post!
Dude your source on the school says they would investigate. Not a condemnation. Not in any stretch.
Go buy some stand-offs. The stop the ladder from falling sideways.
These are so handy for quick reference to when they play, thanks for posting!
I'm going to steal this and pretend I came up with it so I downvoted it so no one will know(just kidding)
But then she can’t be there for her son due to prison for battery. But it probably would be pretty cathartic
I mean for once the unpopular one is actually at the top, even if it is tea, robbed of air time? Sure, wins no
Idk man, some people just have wack combinations. I'm a Yankees/Panthers/Jazz fan, it doesn't have to make any sense.
That looks disgusting.
Yes!!! You cannot expect her to be a good mother at 15.
This is a school announcement: Remember not to commit thought crimes in the classroom. Repeated thought crimes will result in a lowering of your grades.
Neither are foreign coups set up with the countries chamber of commerce and the head of the army.
Not as excited anymore about having the most difficult second half in the NHL...
My nose stung and I could see my breath.
It's also surprising that Valve released a dud game. Maybe it's time for Valve to grow up and introduce themselves to the digital communication age?
Go play Farmville if you can't keep it up.
Ah man this video has everything, drama, action, a tiddy poppin out
great execution for the drawing but bad execution for the meme
Stop calling them immigrants, that’s a lie. The term is “illegal aliens”.
Richmond & Weslayan. But I haven’t checked this year. Going to look this weekend...thanks for the reminder!
Gotta love the "its a metaphor" guy, who has apparently never read any other comments by [NAME]
630am meeting Olympic House #10golds24 .  #relentless #neverquit #believe #dreambig #TeamTTO #going4gold #10golds24 #relentless #neverquit #believe #dreambig #teamtto #going4gold
The #movie Vantage Point makes my palms sweat EVERY time I watch it!!! #nervous 😥😥 #movie #nervous
You know what that means... ...**[NAME] IS IN [NAME] BOX**
Just save and reload. I doubt that when you reload you gonna stuck again.
Hell of a pass!
Gotta be honest here, these people are so crazy that I read this expecting the store to be a literal apple store that sells apples.
I don’t cry, either. It’s weird. I think it’s a personality/mentality thing. Just depends on how your brain is wired I think
Hell turn you into him.
Sure, but I don’t think those costs outweigh [NAME] getting caught in crossfire on Queen Street.
That does help a bit, thanks.
Well, the [NAME] should help us out, the reason we are in this political mess is because we detained a person for them.
I hope they appreciate the fact someone is getting up earlier than them in order for this to all work. I appreciate you, and I'm unemployed.
This is incredible. I love this album so much. Everybody wants to rule the world is so good.
Bold of you to assume that I have two other friends
It's an mi5 threat to Ireland. Funny how [NAME] may wants to amend GFA the next day
No, honestly. I’ve never had this problem until now and I’m not sure what’s happening
I've just listened to it on my way from school today! [NAME] anatomy introduced some beautiful music.
nice one gards!!
@sainsburys Could you ask your Chafford Hundred store to turn on their car park lights? A bit scary these dark nights! Thanks.
Lol there’s always that one guy in the comments
It's the great irony of The Resistance©. It's hard to be a rebel when most of the powerful institutions of the country are on your side
Why do you keep going back the them? Why should care about hillbillies?
So I wished my sis 12 midnight but received no reply from her. My 2nd sis JUST wished her, got a reply. You know who's the fav #offended #offended
Yep. Tough week for [NAME]. Not shooting well, first ejection and fine, ripping out jerseys, first triple double and the DSJ drama.
This whole #VanRE + extradition might turn into a Pandora's box. JT has no idea about that murky corrupt guanxi in China; Toad vs Dada ;-) #vanre
C'mon Mr [NAME], you're not going to eat all that watermelon.
Fuck taking the high road. If I’m [NAME] I’m blasting the officials when I speak to the media.
Love hearing stories like this. [NAME] holy Priests are such a gift. We must always give thanks and pray for them.
Hopefully they won't try to blame the trucker.
The f****** voice of the unsolved mysteries guy
The president's own charity is under federal investigation so its time to drag out some so called progressives and show that there are bad people on all sides.
*me trying to get it* OH!!!!!!!!!!
Here's a gun "oh good something to beat it with"
We can’t have that
I, a homosexual, have been fantasizing about sleeping with women... a lot
@SwiftShimada SPARKLES, proud little huff. Still posing mind you.
Human nature also leads us to greed, violence and aggression. Natural doesn’t equal good. Cancer is natural.
You’re braver than me, thank you for your service O7
Hard work and determination💪💯
Omg congratz for you guys!!!!! That is amazing news :) good luck with twins.
ok? dont really know what that has to do with it. [NAME] designs the offense, [NAME] just runs it
As a CPA the part about the tax deduction triggers me more than your cousin trying to sell things to you.
Is diy crafts getting ready to go to jail? 'cause these are some jail life hacks.
That's not true. There are people that genuinely want to cause harm to people and don't care about reactions.
Goddamn it...
So glad you got justice and closure. You can properly begin to heal now. I’m not sure I ever will get the same sadly
Sure. But [NAME] was well aware of the problem re GST and didn’t mention it until he was filling in his pension application.
The human species is more intelligent and sentient than any other animal species that's why.
What day is it #lost #lost
There I did it for you.
It seems there is strong agreement on all sides that "Nothing changed" now. Is that progress? /s
I agree. I’d love to keep [NAME] around but recognize it might not be possible.
Ooh, good point!
THEY ARE SO CUTE TOGETHER!!
Can confirm. He went political with his comedy though, which doesn't work for conservatism
I agree a million percent. People on this sub are way too emotional about ghosting in early stage dating.
I like how she calls him racist, when he didn’t actually say anything racist.
Good luck. Netflix restricts known VPN IP ranges. Your best bet is a buddy with Open VPN server stateside and open vpn client app on your device.
I had it done on my arm, of course the one I use, so doing every thing with my other one is pretty weird.
@Nigerianscamsss @TrillSmith you think I came back to twitter and not ruffle a few bushes? Tuh.
I really hope not. Personally I have no interest in VR games, and not even my favorite game would change that.
@SWP_Roads   How dull.
and the duck shaped nozzle makes it easy to slam entire bottles!
> and no one but angry community fanboys have pushed back against his statements.
yah gotta pull them sweaty cheeks apart.
Ok? I’m addressing your points here. Don’t worry though, your reply suggests personal attacks are the way forward.
This is good
Even if I did, no one would believe me....,
If you’re going to be a psycho you might as well smile and make it look like you’re a happy one.
@Twitch how do I stop that horror movie themed commercial? Suddenly hearing screams is really not making me want to watch twitch. #anxiety #anxiety
What a heel.
This. Our new grad orientation was basically us being checked off on all the skills we learned during nursing school.
By law, China must accept the South China Sea ruling, period. Stop trying to help China weasel out of it.
Who's the top three craft brewers in the area??
Here we go. What’s wrong with them.
I guessed this
No car wraps? This was already upvoted a dozen times... Seriously don't understand the mods, man.
The pine colada starburst nasty. Don't @ me
Thanks for your concern. I'd rather get ahead than deal with trying to do this at the last minute because the teacher offers me 0 recourse.
Thank you!!
Pretty sure if I reposted this it would just get ignored smh
Thanks man. You too
Ew her text is touching her photo, what a slut
My guess is they work with older folks
You would think booking a holiday for 2 you'd be sat next to each other on the bloody plane #fuming 😡@ThomsonHolidays #fuming
Anyone who drinks sparkling water is a demon
Wish we hadn't already played them twice so we could hop in on this with something like "Stanley Cup Parade Planners are here to battle"
Please be careful with pain relievers man, I'm really sorry.
The visual change is an underrated buff. The few times you could juke a legion as survivor were likely due to his blur that just got lessened.
>both parties are dumb >stupid tribalism 🤔🤔🤔
Dude is gonna end up playing in his boxers one day lol
[NAME] man, once again [NAME] proves why is he the L.O.A.T, luckiest of all time
This is a customer service gig and you’re flipping people off, maybe you should find another line of work 😂
But I was feeling really nervous, and my hands were sweaty.
This very thing got me diagnosed as ADD. I'm of the drugs now and feeling way much better.
more like consistent*winner*, i hope you find a lasting happiness
Always calling people ignorant — we’re not epidemiologists nor elites with info channels. After repeated deceptions, folks learned only what’s in hand is reliable — buying meds to be prepared, not bedridden in pain without ibuprofen.
Honestly, COCONUT TREE drinks taste good, but the packaging’s so embarrassing I can’t buy it anymore.
Old dirty Bastard?
Thank you for explaining! I’m only 31 but now I feel old lol
Alice In Chains and Metallica are still releasing quality music!
Counteracting my cold soul takes sacrifice
😂 I get excited when I see a profile OLD for a state employee.
Anyone else want a TE early? Tired of fucking around with the position even if [NAME] did look pretty mean for a few weeks
That doesn’t sound right, but I don’t know enough about stars to dispute it.
4-2 Canada final tomorrow #WCH #Predictions #optimism #Canadian 🇨🇦 #wch #predictions #optimism #canadian
Those were the times, I thought I can never be sober. But still His grace are beyond my limits 🙏🏾
Depends, but it seems that more states restrict teen drivers from packing their cars with friends than not.
Because your considered “boring”. Girls love drama. It’s a thing.
Ayyy exactly!
Good edit. I was going to go on a tirade about changing diapers on my lap/bathroom floors, but now I don't need to.
Thank you for your advice!
Wow, the menacing head shake...(shivers)
Same. It's rare we get rain, might as well enjoy it. I sure did during yesterday's hike.
it looks like she took it in a totally different direction which i’m loving
My [NAME], I totally forgot about that! I really really hope he married [NAME]... They would be an amazing married couple!
Aww how can you hate the little darling, it's so cute
It’s likely the parents forced it on the child — the “master” is an accomplice, guilty of negligent homicide, hence the 3-year sentence.
@peachkellipop the whole thread is jovial and fun and then this comment is like FULL of misogyny
Crocodile tears.. 🙄🐊
That was intentional as fuck. I don’t know how anyone could argue that after that insane contortionist layup over [NAME] last week.
I’m from Oklahoma City. Not a small city, but a few of his patients are from there.
That's because there are a lot of other attrocities that have happened since then. [NAME] aren't the only ones facing discrimination.
Really wanted him on the Mets. But, its gonna be fun watching [NAME] try to catch [NAME] slider.
Still not off work — so sleepy! If I weren’t carrying his same Pasha bag, I couldn’t even type another word.
You can't rightfully earn a billion dollars. Your employees can, and fifty thousand people in sweatshops can, but a single person cant
Hahaha, they are so lost
China’s got plenty of fence-sitters — maybe it’s because of three years of strict control. It’s not the virus they fear, but human nature.
Man, this analogy is frighteningly spot on. Makes me sad for the province.
I have [NAME] hat so I could marry it, flip it and kill it
Maybe you feel a pressure to succeed and that makes it harder to do so
I was wrong, thanks for the information.
Damn i am sad that got deleted
Not good idea, unless you mean "money" as gold. She would ruin it with inflation.
I think maybe it's because there are just more single moms. I don't know though so I'm going to look it up.
Yeah I dont know. :S
She’s such a moron
Can't speak for the original commenter but probably not yours since I'd rather not be tortured for eternity for disbelief.
Yep. 30ish middle class white fairly fit. Just started CrossFit!
Anarchist to cop: "Stop beating people!" Cop: "Stop imposing your morality on me, you lifestylist!"
🔷🔹𝐘𝐈𝐁𝐎 — born from pure passion, fueled by dedication, rewarded with brilliance. ♡
@mrfisher81 Just my attempt at levity 😉
Lol seriously. I mean Vardos was really cool but other than that the story was so bland and predictable.
I dislike [NAME] more and more. Big ego and small feet.
Aww, it’s retarded.
OH MY GOOSE! You got my super obscure reference! I literally squealed out loud when I read this comment.
Looks like pure tabbaco but great roll !
That's a good point, I didn't think of that. It's too late now, of course, but I'll remember for the future.
Date women! (Honestly tho, it's better.)
I was hoping this would happen since I saw yesterday's post! I was not disappointed in the least!
Don't eat the [NAME] family. You shouldn't eat trash.
@StateDept #That certainly does not bode well for #Afghan woman and girls #bad option #that #afghan #bad
And it seems, just genuinely nice, hilarious, and passionate about her work. I hope she gets more of an edit from now on!
Ahhh yes the, their all Russian controlled bots play, a classic in the last few years
I think bluey is quite possibly the greatest kids s how I've ever seen So quintessentially Aussie, nails family life, funny as hell. Love it
When it comes to Syria, I get very fucking annoyed at pessimism, like I get full on triggered. Optimism or gtfo.
Do not come for [NAME].
I think I love you. That pun took my broth away.
Almost the same Win% as [NAME]. Nice.
They are looking pretty stacked this year
right. which is why he got suspended. because nothing happened. makes sense.
Cool. I'll have to keep that banter in mind for the next time it happens. Thank you for the response, I really appreciate it
[NAME] and [NAME] should be there too E: Damn didn't think this would be unpopular lol
Awesome! Thanks for your reply
I like that that guy didn't make a snarky remark in 2015 because he was upset that another MP was sitting in his usual seat.
@weebtard sparkling water wyd
Sold bridges and essential oils?? Please elaborate on this reference man. I ask because it’s hilarious and I’d love for it to be original
Yes, I realize that. All my other relationships have been a year or longer but even a month into those I was miserable
Was already mad when it wasn’t center. Then when it got knock over, i was furious. Damn machine has no brains.
Have the zombies symbols available somewhere near for the Ra step, it's the most challenging
I hope the saints can finish this, although i think they’re gonna choke 😩. Man i hate philly
What was that?!
More like you need ennemy jungle too dumber/weaker than u. But at equal skills, when player know how to play, its a troll pick.
I’m so sorry that happened to you. Are you feeling okay now? Thank you for the concern. ❤️❤️❤️
this is too cool
You win the Internet today. Fuck all the other winners. You’re the real one.
It worked, I was scared shitless for the rest of the visit.
As I put my foot on the floortiles, and started moving towards my computer, in the darkness of the room, a dark small rodent figure ran from under the computer to the other corner of the room-hiding behind some drawers.At this point everybody were awake and I had my boost of adrenaline-like the ancient cavemen heading for a hunt.
Quinn's short hair makes me sad.
Usually they dont even show up when you call them and they are a rare sight in the city. Good luck finding one.
Still my nightmare aged 34....
I'm about to start my weekend. Don't mind if I do go contribute to the thread. Thank you, OP.
@ThomsonCares Sam- yes we have! Not helpful at all! We need this sorting ASAP! You keep promising stuff that doesn't happen!!!! #fuming #fuming
Pretty sure we’re the ones being carried with no thunderlords...smh.
if you look closely, the joke is people fighting on the internet for literally no reason
No, he controlled the match. He had to be dialed in the whole time and he was.
second day on the job and i already got a 45 dollar tip from a dude whose was constantly twitching his eye LOLOLOL #cheering #cheering
I don't do the things you mentioned above, I just draw shit ^all ^^sfw ^^^ofc But hey, thanks for that ;-)
hitting your children as discipline because you're being quite a raging hypocrite if you're not.
aaahhhh! a little @OtisRedding to soothe the soul. #music #blues #music #blues
Cuddling. Lots of cuddling
I don’t think Teacher Li was wrong. Chen Shifeng definitely had emotions toward Jiang Ge—otherwise, logically, he wouldn’t have killed so rashly. If he hadn’t directly attacked Jiang, she wouldn’t have foolishly tried to fight him off; she might’ve run and called the police—unless she couldn’t escape. Chen wanted her life. Of course, his real target was Liu Xin, but in his rage, he killed Jiang instead.
I kind of feel the same, I live for sex and am absolutely wasted on my husband.
Anything is a dildo of you're brave enough
But but r/49ers said it was just bad luck!
Lol what are the odds, I’m also 6ft 1in around the 160s but I’m only 16 years old though
Texans played horrible.  Bad play calling, bad protection of the ball, bad coaching, bad defense, bad overall performance. #Texans #horrible #texans #horrible
Actually my biggest question is why people are working if they aren't getting paid
@HoustonTexans just trying to go home tonight? A run on 2nd and 20 and a run on 3rd and 20? That's what champs do...#sike #losers #terrible #sike #losers #terrible
Excuse my wording. I should’ve said [NAME] all around game & unselfishness combined with [NAME] aggressiveness & scoring
Interesting. Even if most disagree with it, I'd love to aee a resurrection of some sorts in IX.
Oh. That is unfortunate
Not suggesting that you wait, but she may later come back after she's gotten that part in her life out.
If we find a solid rental centre again maybe.
I get to walk home for 30 minutes for the next 3 days. Pray for me everyone.
Honestly, they changed writers and it's been pretty good so far, maybe one or two not great episodes this season.
Ah damn it.
That’s a cute doggo! What breed?
The Fire are also trash and play their games 45 minutes outside of Chicago. Love you Fire fans, sorry about your ownership and FO.
If you simply act out of kindness, strength, and optimism, today will be the best day ever! @Tarleton_KINE @DrKaylaPeak @jssimpson9
Watched Split. Good but got a little spooked. Unbreakable last night, Glass tomorrow hopefully
Go back for what? Might as well stay in Shenzhen. I treat the village like friends, but they treat me like a foreigner. I only have 7 days off, and they want me to quarantine 14. 😓
In biblical Hebrew they're called [NAME], soos meaning horse and yaor meaning the Nile, in modern Hebrew they are called hipototam
I'm glad none of you are GM
She just wants to make sure she has good casting for her character in the Lifetime movie.
Now you're thinking, 'I hope that's shepherd's pie in my knickers!
I had a similar experience. I used to be masters for a while, and now am GM. People are not very understanding of new GMs.
[NAME] damn, she must fuckin’ STINK.
It is stuck there in the back of my head with some other nasty stuff.
hard working, alpha male, jackhammer, merciless, insatiable
How long do you think manga will go on? Its fairly long now at 216 chapters and I think it's in it's late stages.
Damn....
Why would we put a center at SF
Lately I feel life’s meaningless, hope’s gone — utterly useless.
I know. I get that a lot.
@mrjamesob @LBC 😂 snowflake random such a funny man never a dull moment brilliant
Why have I only just started watching glee this week I am now addicted 🙄  #GLEEK #gleek
Seafood is nasty af. I refuse to prepare seafood in my kitchen.
Pro Tip: Go back to work when your kid reaches 20 mos old.  Stay home any longer, and you'll be absolutely miserable with the #tantrums. #tantrums
(Although, there are many more than this.
Thanks for the tip, just got some FYH Caesar on sale, can’t wait to try it!
And...peter thiel is involved. Color me surprised. (O negative surprised that is.)
I feel intimidated
@UlsterWillFight @VanguardBears Looks like a rabid pack of inbreds.
2day's most used term is, #terrorism, with many addresses and forms. On my #opinion, the only form of terrorism in this world is, injustice! #terrorism #opinion
is it bad that i agree with this
never #make a decision when you are .. #angry &gt;_&lt; .... and never make a #promis when you are #happy :) :* #make #angry #promis #happy
And just to continue the tradition, they reported on building 7 falling 25 minutes before it fell...
Almost totally gone... Let's see if we can guilt this loser into rescinding the medal
Lol. Imagine dying to a floating zombie
Who cares? 2019 season hasn’t even started
I wanna take the hardware out of that guy's face with a pair of pliers.
Incredible that Nawaz Sharif said Pakistan is victim of terrorism &amp; talked abt development in Pak. Incredible how he controlled his laughter
Will do!!!! :D Thank you so, so much!!!
Don't depress yourself by comparing yourself. No comparisons.
I'm sorry you felt alone. It's a terrible suffocating feeling of dread. I hope you are feeling better and that you are in good health
Eh, it'll be alright. Just another battle scar haha. Best of luck to the both of us!
[NAME]! Get a DAMN good lawyer! Glad you're okay.
Oh so you're being a troll, good to know.. I actually thought for a second that disgusting, freak couples like y'all actually existed
Finally figured out who these two remind me of
The problem is that when [NAME] comes back were going to have 9 defensemen and the only one you can send down is [NAME].
Yeah, I always thought [NAME] would be an improved [NAME]. It's a damn shame we haven't thrown to him more often.
I miss those days.
THAT'S WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU FIND A STRANGER IN THE ALPS
He got all ball. Watch it back. Just because he hits the ground hard doesn’t mean you get a bailout
I do believe there is some evidence about that. Sowing chaos is an old Russian tactic.
You got more upvotes. Now you are beating me.
That sounds really cool! I'll be there
Ever heard of the New Deal? Look it up, it was pretty cool.
@RanaAyyub @rajnathsingh Oh, hidden revenge and anger...I rememberthe time,she rebutted you.
This is the first time I'm seeing this. This definitely what I would call toxic masculinity.
This is weirdly funny to me
It's all good man, glad you shared it. Just felt I should defend my stance as well.
I wish I could be desensitized to my sadness sometimes lol
Shitty cars made of plastic
So sorry to hear about your abnormal growth. I'm now green with envy. Are there other celestial gods that can identify with existence?
This shit had me howling, which I can't say happens too often. Didn't expect to see comedic gold in that sub.
Do you have a source for this claim. Seems promising but would love to dig into it.
They can lock the doors all they want, unless they have the child locks turned on there's nothing stopping me from unlocking the door.
And maybe one day you'll be able to afford one, but until then continue being an edgy teenager whining about the war on drugs.
@imtarakate Uggh that's really horrible. You're not a bad person by any stretch of the imagination. I hope this person realizes that.
Thank you, I thought the plane in the picture was cool too. I am. One of the best pictures I’ve taken with my phone.
the peppered moth would like a word good example of external pressure on evolution
Was not expecting that spongebob reference
Really worried about NISA translating it, but at this point I don't care any more, as long as we get an english version of it.
It is being talked about all the time on this site. What are you on about?
Yes it absolutely is, that's just not it's formal name. [NAME] commiting treason is absolutely a crime
Holy shit did this sub just get wholesome for a second?
This is what happens when you've gotta get the video out as fast as possible. Quality suffers.
Fuck I needed this. I found out that after next Friday I'm going to be jobless...
I like how even in her own post she shows the doctor just said "what" clearly not understanding her ramblings
Hegang’s losing population badly; you must go to big cities for treatment. Poor healthcare, low pay, yet living costs aren’t low.
at least you got to experience that
I wish I could fast forward 3 months from now, I'll know then where I'm at with my girl, my classes, and basketball. Rn I have pure
And then the rest of that thread devolves into [NAME] supporters arguing against and downvoting anyone who disagrees with the wall or hates [NAME].
Can we just go down there and propose a bill? Die the constitution not allow that? An if were not allowed doesnt that count as non representation?
Doesn't quite have the same ring to it
[NAME] and [NAME]? High five on the cheers tho
im done with my break im going to make more i promise
Thank you, I couldn’t figure out what he was trying to say!
A classic question. He wanted to create to share His love and existence.
I don’t know who they are or their names, but I know they fought for us.
It's never the end / When the moment is dire. / A small spark of hope / Can relight a new fire.
You’re right :(
Just go try and by one piece fan after got end!
I’m happy I could help. Let me know if it works
She wasn't fucking running, no matter how hard you insist. You'd make a wonderful Qld cop with that mentality.
The last few years have really woken me up to how *misleading and harmful* journalism is to our society.
Isn’t it the worst feeling ever?
LOL. Glad you noticed.
I'm a parent and am telling you that dude is sad and insecure as fuck.
Haha Not like this in my experience, but I guess it's different in USA
Now they say [NAME] is [NAME]? Smh my head
The ochils are the only plus side to living in Clackmannanshire. Plus easy travel to anywhere in scotland
The issue is many actors aren’t even working hard enough to blame “talent.” Reach your limits first! And who defines or measures talent anyway? Who can say for sure?
Thank you; I tried.
Average price is over 4k, lowest just above 3k, highest over 6k. The next county is cheaper — my aunt bought there: 118 sqm, good lighting and facilities, near kindergarten and school, only a bit over 3k.
Didn't you know, it's all about winning, nothing else matters
Dude it was an old video. Your porn math is way off.
It's one of my most hoped-for things. I think you should be able to approach a player and request a duel. It would be sick
@JamieNicks_ it makes complete sense and i'm elated to hear this :]
yeah I agree w you, just annoying that the limit is so small
@Magrove86Mark @clareftballnews jersey gloves?  #dark #dark
Oh I didn't even see that at first! I thought it was just a clipboard, but you've found a second angle!
It's not "over". Don't believe that. Focus on making friends. The more people in your network, it seems better.
If they want the situation to escalate, they may just keep nagging me and wait for things to tip over.
I watched that same movie. Very generic Christmas movie but I liked it
Something tells me she just got it too.
Her question was theology actually. I wasn't even answering about the rape at all.
@_miasienna ITS ALREADY FUCKING 1 ... Ok well I love having panic attacks in the afternoon
EVERY SINGLE TIME WE GET SPAMMED WITH IT WE SHOULD EMAIL THEM THIS
Desperation is unattractive, stop being so desperate. Love yourself before you can love someone else.
I like your version more, anyways. Better comedic relief from such a horribe tragedy.
Thank you for your validation. *Kowtows and give thanks the [NAME] way.*
Allow Ireland to become a colony of the UK, outside the EU?
If [NAME] can play into his 40s and lead the Sabres, i dont care who is role model tbh i just wanna win.
As QA I can confirm that I have no idea what I'm doing
But we did get an awesome transit line from downtown to the airport, plus most of the Olympic facilities existed before the games.
Sounds like you didn't catch his disease properly then
It wouldn’t even have been a month yet though... I can’t believe this bootlicking nonsense is upvoted here. [NAME] supporters everywhere these days smh
This feels *so* cringeworthily thirsty after [NAME] ridiculous meet & greets recently.
Turkey's situation is bad, but still nothing compared to Venezuela.
@Oooooo_Donna @sturgishigh @politicususa   @CNN took its first baby  step now let's hope they will start running
He died 4 days later of dehydration
I love that username
May [NAME] bless and keep the President... far away from us!
@chlobiddzx It will come good babe don't worry 😘😘
Bloody hell Pam, calm yourself down. But could have sworn something black &amp; hairy just ran across the carpet, #perilsoflivingalone #nervous #perilsoflivingalone #nervous
Another loss to city in the cup next 🙈 😂😂 cmon united!
How does she hear everyones prayers?
Nice watches, Id love to get one if they were a bit closer to my price range
Nice job continuing to ignore the fact she lost her home and her father at the peak of the 2008 housing crisis you obtuse prick
Growth cannot persist forever in a finite system.
Oh dear - I can spot a problem with this...
He is not acknowledging anything, he is hoovering. Don’t fall for it.
I love this sub reddit 😍😂
[NAME] these things were terrible. i presume they still are. #teamlemoncreams #teamlemoncreams
The kid at the pool yelling is about to get a foot up his ass. #shutup #parents #kids  #shutup #parents #kids
WHAT IS HAPPENING
i miss this show so much
Loved that show, but [NAME] put me right off it. Like fingernails down a chalk board.
I have “two dreams”: “resting under rice ears” and “hybrid rice covering the world.” Salute to Grandpa Yuan!
Just curious, why would that matter? Acting is playing a role, so how is it important that the character and the actor match orientations?
[NAME] tweet directly contradicts this... Edit: [NAME] said that "[NAME] didn't make this deal by himself". The organization chose [NAME].
"we need to help the homeless not the immigrants" But also "if they are homeless they deserve it"
Aaaaand already at -1.5 @ BOL. I'm going to wait to see if it comes back down, or imma buy the hook.
It definitely makes my hand feel weird, and I haven't thrown up yet.
Ya? I don't really remember him much besides his crappy penalty shot attempt. What stuck out about him to you?
#GBBO is such a homely pure piece of tv gold. Channel 4 will attempt to tart it up. Mary, Sue and Mel gone. It's over. I'm out. 👋 #fuming #gbbo #fuming
I meant u not I
Most non immigrants won't do farm work for peanuts either
Are you replying to something in particular, because what you stated is so obvious I would hope it need not be said on a science thread.
I don't know why I've been obsessing about this.
Teachers today complain, but zero tolerance does prevent the whole bull-whip/beat-to-death scenarios.
Look at it this way: it's the Millennium Falcon, everyone still loves it. It's part of it's charm.
Tried to fight multiple times, cried, fallen over, and refused to eat... Sounds like my toddlers...
That was a brutal shift. Honestly he should be playing sheltered minutes. Team needs [NAME] and [NAME] back, give bulk of his minutes to [NAME].
Toyota Corolla is a solid replacement, it has Adaptive Cruise Control and feels pretty solid even in Sport mode.
No Akechi but I’ll take Ren. ([NAME] they’re all so good)
@downseung I'm sorry about your loss... no one should ever give you shit for taking your time to mourn. No matter how long it takes.
Oh wow- some truly have crazy different genetics. I’m glad you got her a friend, I’m sure it helps immensely.
I appreciate that there's correct number of YES in there. It's so rare.
This is pretty funny
#RejectingIslam because it is the *ideas* [RELIGION] promotes that turned me away from it. #rejectingislam
Crackly bois.
“My Girlfriend, [NAME] has returned! Greetings my love!” ~[NAME], 2012.
[NAME], too. [NAME] is very guilty of this.
A fringe western movement is taking over Canada?
The reason you keep going is the same as mine, I just don’t know how we’ll get there.
sorry should clarify ... have dinner / drinks and then go our separate ways to other events that night.
I miss the ESPN forums... That was a hot minute ago
Boom! Thank you I’m going to check out your Channel
It's not that bad. Not even the employees were cringe worthy. I'm glad that they were all enthused about having fun with the seniors.
Nooo. Ireland will now lose those two rounds. The world is unfair
It was [NAME]. They were filming Django
I thought he had a cool [NAME]. Was only slightly disappointed.
It gives me hope as well!
[NAME] looks like he is about to commit >!1-2!<
@BlizzHeroes I feel horrible dealing with 'players' in HotS. News on what you're doing about it? Getting stuck with uncooperative people!
Thank you for being the only person here to choose, not to be offended. This is a good burn.
Congrats! You have succeeded in your pathetic life.
Haha I was just thinking that. You've become a very diverse club. The Hobart Darwin Tigers. Training facility in Wagga.
Was actually just watching AHS while half covering my eyes #scared #Roanoke  #AHSRoanoke #scared #roanoke #ahsroanoke
[NAME] just wants to post pics of her facetuned of herself for attention while acting morally superior to those other girls. fuck off
It's simple I get after two shots of espresso 'Grande, decaf, 130 degrees soy americano with extra foam' #barista  #barista
yuck, I'd be embarrassed to walk around with a black belt if I were actually blue-ish
DWIGHT, NEVER YELL AT THE CUSTOMERS
Good read man, sounds like a crazy time, its the worst vomiting red in front of ramdom people lmfao 😂
Didn't he steal something ludicrous like a diamond ring? Like is he a cartoon bad guy?
No biggie, dude, sorry I got all triggered, I just reeeally love [NAME]
DAMN!
> it. Just because they're not vertebrates doesn't mean we get to kill them for amusement. It literally does though
Rt @yoelamite i need that one back, that whole cd was hard, the one with a #rage flew through, rhyme flow, n the 1 u speak on the dollar #rage
One of my coworkers at my old job used to get a venti hot white mocha with 20 packets of sugar stirred in😷
That’s what makes this so sweet! Blackmailers are scum. This was satisfying to read. You’re a savage, OP. Well done!
I have to finally tell my therapist about my sexuality ... last frontier ... not sure I can do it in the AM #fear #SingleGirlProblems #fear #singlegirlproblems
If you catch thinning early enough you can stop balding by taking finasteride.
Ohhhh my gahhhd. One of my all time favorites. Taxi Driver can take a seat. Brink is awesome.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is amystery, and today is a gift; that's why they call it the present #livelife #humbleness #smile #live #livelife #humbleness #smile #live
There are plenty online who can’t do anything, just twist awkwardly in short skirts with fake smiles — and they’re not all banned.
Don't forget those ungodly concoctions with apple cider vinegar
We’ve also had ~10 shots and [NAME] first shot was not until the 40’ mark.
You obviously didn’t get one
Celes represent well her talent tho
What's the advantage of making it illegal to seek services that can be offered legally? Other than discourage an act based on its perceived moral implications?
I too am a vaginal flap surrounded by useless flesh. Let us fly into the sunset and get raped.
Yeah no, I don't support people being questioned by police for any opinion actually, a sentiment I expect many people on here share.
Weird that a movie star is dating a hot young model?... like what’s weird about that
It could have heat resistant padding on the other side. Honestly in the 1940s it's probably asbestos on the inside lol
If people complain about that, maybe that's a problem...
you wear a headband, what are you a girl? /s
If you could even teleport non-living things you'd make a fortune.
If so, then LN payments are *not* safer than unconfirmed TXs.
If too many medical professionals die then life will be worse as we cannot get medical treatment
I'm not artistically talented and I did not create this. Go check out some of the artists other work if you're
One day during practice, the question was read, "Finish, the opening line of the traditional American song which begins, 'I wish I was-'"
Stop the algorithm 😂😂 Like she’s living in the matrix or something!
19 is still considered a teen right? If so, here I am! At least until March.
I would point to [NAME] razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
Method into thin out assault corridor thine liveliness: cHd
I'm buying art supplies and I'm debating how serious is it to buy acrylic paint.
I fucking cant stop laughing. It's so bad it's good.
SO and I have our limit at calling eachother nerds :3 pretty lighthearted.
You need to reevaluate your life
@katlute which one....the one where u threaten violence? Or the phedophiliac u support?  Or the constitution violations he proposes?
explain Hudson bay edit: not to say Florida flooding wouldn't be welcome change
Too many extended quarantines! Over and over tightened! I checked all the official sites before returning, and now they say “Our county’s just like that” — leaving you speechless.
One of my favorite war movies ever. The cast and soundtrack are unbelievable
Long, difficult but rewarding combos. Simple defense mechanics. The speed it’s currently at. Meter burns, risk reward.
Lmao I remember watching that game😭
In that conversation it was the girl being boring and closed... sometimes it’s not your fault and people feel they’re the ones being awkward
Her playing with fire, and getting burned. Stay strong.
In what fucking world is this drawing not bad
Another L on the board we just cannot match up on paper with these teams at the moment and its showing on the field. Onto Denver
I almost hit the arrow in the screenshot
Raptors ML $$$$$$$$$$$$ Lowry has been upgraded to Questionable and will be at shootaround
I second this. All signs point towards him biding his time until the next election and hopefully solidifying his place to expunge the filth.
I answered, and then asked if you can think of any legitimate uses. Apparently you can't.
Ah the remnants.
Original post is here: post
Oxygen thief is an amazing phrase and I am going to start using it allllll the time, thanks!
The last time Russian military contractors met US forces, they lost 200 men and dozens of armored vehicles. Lmao.
No lol it's just the sub's flair. Also I was joking about good as gold, that's a song of [NAME] lol
This genuinely made me angry. He and his sociopath of a wife deserve each other.
I know, right? I mean I liked Le Tigre, but this is just damn embarassing.
is that really fucking real
Im in!
Are they your updated results? I have [NAME] surnames in my family tree but it didnt show up in the dna, interesting.
Imagine thinking the government only pursues one file at a time.
No telling I know is not eat it, I like eggs and I like cottage cheese but yuck no they can’t touch!
I'm so glad I grew up playing a shooter made for kids rather than a shooter made for kids.
Actually the Bills’ current uniforms make them look like the 1980-1999 Giants
Haha just loose all your libido because of dysphoria nerd
> I'm going to retire over a decade early How long before I see articles about "healthcare has failed me?"
@tommyrosen @InTheRoomsCEO @cate_baily Always so happy to support you brother. Keep that fire burning &lt;3
What kind of prison sentence would he get in Australia for that?
I see what you did there ;)
[NAME] cares like a father incredible
Too many absurdities these days—going home is “malicious return,” asking unpaid wages is “malicious collection.”
Congress acting indignant over the  #EpiPen pricing is quite disingenuous since they craft the laws that allow such gouging!! #epipen
omfg my two favorite shows
@harowe this sad truth!
After all these years, what’s the point of this public manipulation against a legal verdict? Losing your daughter doesn’t give you free rein to distort things, does it?
@ScmCIafIin 'Don't you know how nervous I was to see you?'
I really like this ring so I’m glad to hear that.
REAL MEN ONLY CRY OVER GILLETTE
Personally I would take some time to myself and work on spending time with my family since I love them more than my job.
I get you...
Thank you for sharing this. May your friend rest easy and you find peace.
Sorry, spelling [NAME] Smearing* Motherfukers*
It would be funny and sad if he gets heart complications again
I don’t know the whole story here, but would getting your tubes tied be an option?
I never close my eyes.
This team doesn’t deserve to go the playoffs. Only [NAME] deserves to go. Is that possible?
Well, I never thought it was entirely coincidence that we got bad when [NAME] went to Ireland and got good again when he came back.
You must not sent a lot of time on the internet it Reddit is the worst racist site. 4chan, Breitbart, storwatch, the KKK official website...
i like how he just bursts in like DID SOMONE WANA SEE ME ROL OVR !?!
Imagine not using metric and celsius.
This would be cool for a kids science project about conductors and why metal is such a good conductor
Celtic das really are a different breed. If this is how they react to one loss, our next title is going to be fun.
The best #revenge is to move on, get over it, and continue to #succeed. Never give someone the #satisfaction of watching you #suffer....!!! #revenge #succeed #satisfaction #suffer
Bless your heart.
Saaaaame. There’s too many damn podcasts, and most of them are too damn long.
Those are the [NAME], they sing backup for [NAME]. They’re awesome!
This is simple but great.
Lol the lefties are gonna see their arses over this!
It's bad that you're smoking weed. For minimal damage to your body, EDIBLES
you said that he said "women shouldn't be allowed in the workplace" which is dishonest and false
Getting outshot 12-5 but ending the period scoreless? I'll take it.
Y'all taking this way too seriously...the point is they're both fierce.
Happy kek day
This is the truest statement I’ve ever read about [NAME]. May he smile mercifully upon you.
Why not? My parole finalized in December. I've already done my time.
The lads put in excellent shift over the Christmas fair dues lads. Thanks for keeping on top of things. Delighted online shopper :)
Also likely selling stolen goods too lol
It might be the other way around! They seem to have a lot of awkward conversations while eating dinner.
Games like this are just demoralizing for our players.
Can someone summarise it here? I can’t get past the paywall.
Just put the winter duvet on ☃️❄️🌬☔️ #serious #serious
Awesome! Thank you!
The real [NAME] is always in the comments. Thank you internet stranger
Infatuation and love and really different and I've found our the hard way, wait a couple weeks before using the big L word Nice tho :)
Relying solely on nucleic acid tests isn’t sustainable. That’s why epidemiological tracing is key—it saves costs and regains initiative. It’s not time for despair yet; giving up tracing would mean surrender.
This is such a cool idea. Basically an abathur that hats minions instead of heroes.
It's not Russian land either. Your argument is still complete nonsense.
He needed the trophy in GTA?
I feel left out... I never get invited to our new world order meetings with our elders of zion
I schedule reading breaks during the day. It allows me time to relax if I’m feeling overwhelmed, but is still beneficial for the kids.
Ya missed a clue there, Guess it never hit ya!
Tbh bastion is still super op before it now I can just abuse him more
Definitely better than mine lol. Some good players on there.
Ah yes... the scene where he revealed himself and finally came out of the.... Shado... 😏 I’ll leave.
Was gonna hit you with the /r/gatekeeping for that elitist mentality, but you recognized your errors. Props.
All the things you mentioned are basically aligned perfectly in 99% of cases.
Humanity has a lot of progress to make before that is a realistically attainable goal. I don't see how being either liberal or conservative solves this.
In 10 years, she’s still be a loser.
Wow, *only* 7 exes. You are definitely FA.
Yeah. Sure.... Why don’t you just let us have some fun, wet towel person.
Great read, still know a few folks who are still unhappy about the situation and won’t support [NAME]
@jaime_scurr: any team in the world would be totally elated to get to have you on it XD
Well, he promised [NAME] it was over and he was out for good, right. So, no.
It made me lose my balance and I had to lean against the bar and grab my head.
“WHY CANT I BELIEVE IN COMMUNISM AND BE A [NAME] TOO” Muh purity test
Im not a #nervouswreck, Im a #nervous #pileup. #GoingCrazy #HelpMe #Insane #Antisocial #nervouswreck #nervous #pileup #goingcrazy #helpme #insane #antisocial
It's scenes like this that make me remember how truly special this show is.
Doesn't mean any of those thing you liked are going to change. Not immediately anyways.
@EliTheProphet_ @ChrisMellini this is an automatic L for me but ima keep trying fam #relentless #thewengerway #relentless #thewengerway
Agree 100% I guess I'm just happy to see anyone, even total scumbags, willing to criticize dear leader.
Because it's straight up untrue. It's a new ce idea but anyone relying on the sentiment is going to be repeatedly disappointed.
That PP also had a much better first unit than this team has.
we can only hope
I have to see the rest [NAME]
But I'm a lodger, not a tenant, and I have no legal rights
Any normal draft game is more serious than a silver or gold game. Atleast thats what I see.
Once again the only thing on my feed is naay raging about something and my brother filling in all the gaps
Who is going to guard [NAME]?
Welcome to non union states!
:) I like this.
I’m that skinny and have so much trouble gaining weight
True but I am a fan of [NAME] and I'm just relieved he pulled through even if his victory did not make me any richer.
FISHIN '' I woke up in the morning my head was throbing black and blue eyed thought I'd died smashed up my TV set.
As soon as I came out of the loo to wash my hands, a girl stepped out of the loo next to mine, followed by an horrendous smell.
#But it's their looks!!! #but
[NAME]. Who hurt you?
I’m so glad I have my own car
I love making fun of social outcasts.
Yeah that seems better if you know you are facing ToT
Your post : 39 minutes ago THE POST THATS LITERALLY UNDER YOU WITH THE SAME MEME : 40 MINUTES AGO
Gotta have a molotov at every door, never know when there's a riot
@BratzHead happy birthday to the most beautiful cheerful sister ever, llnp 💕❣🎉
This comment is complete garbage.
What kind of behaviour is considered unattractive? I'm pretty clueless when it comes to dating.
This. Right here. This is what r/exmormon is...and it is beautiful.
Man I hope someone got fired for that blunder.
cars don't start, sometimes car doors are frozen shut. that's the worst of what i've experienced.
you are trying to use post-modern mumbo jumbo deconstruction of words. Go away, idiot.
It's like you've never even been around dogs.
Not until she's 30, because adult women are not your property to control even if you are their parent.
It's just wholesome content, from questionable sources
Thank you so much :)
What did he get help with?
I don’t know Lady [NAME] drag race has a nice ring to it LOL [NAME].
If people think that the current migrant/refugee crisis is "bad", they have seen nothing.
He really likes Babylon 5
> least I immagine most bi people don’t care. No we do care.
Did insurance cover this? Who was the surgeon? Unfortunately without it...this surgery can cost up to 20k or more in American cities.
Going for that most hated title with stupid posts from his "fans "
But he seemed really enthusiastic! And he was wearing really expensive boots!
Oh [NAME] why does he have to drag green day into this
for how long, you arent fucking with me?
Bless you this post made me cry
I hope it was somebody else's.
Better get a paternity test sorted for my munchkin of a partner and his equally munchkin daughter, he'll be thrilled.
Why shouldn't you
Okaaaay? I'm not sure how to respond to that, no offense.
I mean, he had to deal with [NAME] too! He doesn't deserve this...
I was getting arrested and my dog run away from home like a bullet
“270 pound pink person” is a great alliteration.
We know the #speed of #light; so what is the speed of #dark? #speed #light #dark
Where did the second biker come from?!?! Did be climb out of the truck bed?
Our [NAME] is going off bro. [NAME] is gonna out-Jack you off.
I guess nobody cares about what you want.
Mate you are mental, no way [NAME] would mess up like you have said!
Conservatives love to agree with cryptofacists and pretend all accusations are a smear campaign.
Code Vein looked interesting, though with all the delays and the fact that they've gone quiet, it's gotten me a bit concerned.
They're upset because, if the slime that makes 4chan stink were to congeal into a person, it would be [NAME].
Just like [NAME] was defending himself against those younglings ;)
I don't think he can hear you yell louder!!! ;)
If yoire voluntarily going to one I would argue that all those "side effects" i guess you would call them are already in your life.
You're welcome! I wish her the best.
Who wouldn’t be angry? You hate Guangzhou and its people so much, yet you still bow down to work here. Otherwise, go back home and be the foot massage parlor prince.
@tabstamlyn @lara_hunt1 I will, next time I'll make sure everything is sparkling clean
Sorry to hear that, I have it for ps4 and hardcore dlc servers are still up
thanks for the link, tested here too as INTJ
Probably. Sorry, OP. But don't worry. A lot of us are in the same boat.
Add Donte Moncrief to my dismal situation #blessed. #blessed
Just imagine the waitstaff carrying cast-iron plates everywhere! oof!
Yeah I knew that game off the top of my head wasn’t sure if there was anymore
You can only have such preposterously high rates if your tax code contains legal ways to evade taxes (e.g. deducting depreciation on loans).
#EFT is the single most effective tool I've learned in 40 years of being a therapist-Dr. Curtis A. Steele (psychiatrist) #stress #anxiety #eft #stress #anxiety
The team isnt really bad but their fans are really the worst
I guess electronic was not in the top 20. The legendary [NAME] with his 2 excellent performances got the #5 #5
I stirred the surface of the water with my hand; my face wiped away, only to reform when the mirror settled down again.
why does he look like [NAME]
There's a user here that advocates for disarmament and authoritarianism. I've noticed that a new username pops up periodically with similar content/ views.
Truely the man we needed but do we deserve? We let him down by not spreading truth far and wide.
Be yourself and be kind. That matters more than tiny differences. ❤️
Removed and warned. R1
You’re like not wrong but I wanted to play up the immaturity. I’ll go back and edit
The age of consent is 16. It's the indecent nature of the photo that has gotten him in trouble.
I want the man who makes me pizza from scratch and then lovingly hand feeds it to me. Completely realistic expectation.
THIS IS TRAUMATISING
Can confirm, playing a game of checkers is the one occasion I get to smash my wife
[NAME] is so goddamn good
How did they respond? You can't leave out the best part.
I am too but thank you for having it and I will try to think more about the points you raised.
Thanks for looking out. Trying to keep expectations low but already have date two planned! Fingers crossed.
I'm really concerned for those 3200'ish people who voted yes
Try using a different browser and see if it helps.
I guess some people havent met meth
What a steal that was
This. Nothing would make me happier than the see the gNats hamstrung for the next decade because they gave a ridiculous contract to a hometown hero.
Why do you guys care so much?
@WalshFreedom sadly, that idiot completely overlooks the facts . He had a gun pointed at police. Are they that stupid?That should be ignored
nothing I dont owe anyone any explanation.
New book? Or is he talking about 12 rules
@Zerfash — can't wait.' She said cheerfully and grinned.
We need people like you to bring /r/MasturbationLog back to life
Yes? Whoever that is.
OH MY GOD TIDYING UP WITH [NAME] IS ON NETFLIX RED ALERT IM GONNA GET SO ORGANIZED
So smart it looks like he shut his fingers in the door. That’s a nasty bruise under his fingernail.
Had my suspicions but didn't want to mindread such a civilized honest actor.
Unmatched Party Specialist /co @T3RevNeverEnd #serious #job #titles #serious #job #titles
Time to go hit up the library - I have a lovely PILE of book reservations to collect this morning... #glee #books #reading #glee #books #reading
Wow. These people really deserve some *clove*, especially on subshops.
The smell lasts a half hour so maybe don't go to the Policeman's Ball right after. Rye and rhubarb sounds pretty fucking mint though
9-3 in first straw vote? i was not aware of that.
You were used as a weapon to inflict pain on your father. Glad you reconnected and found a good parent.
Learn jukes, learn the killer's patterns (respecting pallets, doubling back, moonwalking, etc.) be resourceful and never waste pallets/windows
Damn, I'd better avoid you then. I don't wanna die.
[NAME] aside, humans arent on the menu, no matter how retarded they may be, no matter if they're sleeping/unconscious.
> I know plenty of religious/semi-religious [NAME] who are not [NAME] in practice or belief. What term do they use to identify themselves as, though?
I was pretty pissed when [NAME] was hired for exactly that reason but he at least had worked with [NAME] before
That's awesome! It's good to have supportive people like that in your life and around you.
Wouldn't have it any other way. Fuck my DNA. Fuck nucleotides.
Those are sexist theories not facts.
To humor the thought, I would think that they would just move on and find a different platform that either worked equally as well or better.
Mate I was buying porn mags from my local coop at 12, I don't see why trading standards makes such a fuss over a lotto ticket
not what his post history says
Eh. I think either works. But sure. Replies is probably more accurate
"Should be" being the operative phrase. Not happening at my store.
@GriffinLaneP @Mediaite The Left has been protected so long, they've lost their reasoning power.
honestly no, just thought this was a teacher trying to be "hip" with the students and failing miserably.
Honestly, he’s throwing up at the moment. We’re gonna nap, drink some Gatorade, and get our shit together
This made me lol, I don't want to sound racist but.... *goes completely ham with the racism*
Omg why does this sound like [NAME]?
Yes. It's a good trigger for discussion to move past [NAME] model, though.
Anyone have a link to the unedited footage?
It looks a little like my 5th grade science experiment...
Definitely bitter, lol.
Really Nice chiaroscuro
It’s a party and we’re all invited
yea he had 6 assists which created 13 points, if he had 13 points and no assists people would be calling it a great game for him
What kind of soup? Hopefully he is okay. =D
SOMEONE LET SNAKES IN MY HOUSE, I BET IT @Ya_Boi_Huck I KILL THAT BUGGER WHEN I GET MY HANDS ON HIM  #HuckFP2 #huckfp2
The Wildling! He is kissed by fire!
This guy journalists.
The protesters are wrong, the lockdown is wrong, resistance is unjustified, lockdowns ignore human rights — that’s it, over.
That would be terrible. I liked the way private Practice ended (more or less) so hopefully [NAME] doesn’t go for something cliche.
He's not the [NAME] he's just a very naughty boy!
> a GURPS game, inspired by anime and taking place in space yikes.jpg > I got pumped hahaha ok
IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT MAMA
That pole and cheap plastic fence surely would offer excellent protection from a car. Walk it off brah.
@BeastFireTimdog Same with gaming. Sites leaned PS2 during its heyday, leaned 360 most of last gen. This gen started vitriolic mostly by...
😂 thanks. I like yours!! Makes me think of yoga retreats but like in the best way possible
Because his reconnaissance is not unique in any way. Literally everyone who saw that movie thought that was surprising.
99.9999999% of sugar relationships involve sex. If you're not interested in sex, you should not sugar.
How is she at all mobile at that weight? Bones are incredible things!
"By far one of the best" Mmmm
Congratulations, you can into geolibertarianism
That one is my favorite btw, its delicious. sorry you couldn't have it :(
Fair enough.
I don't disagree, but if he's open he's gonna shoot
Lifesite “News” doxxed him. That website is just pure hatred distilled, it’s disgusting.
I really like this photo.
And PenFed, IIRC, will let you pay a $15 charity donation bribe to get in if you're not otherwise eligible.
Good lord I can only hope so. Time will have to tell.
Well done OP for acting on your words. I hope you have a great day together!
Reporters shouldn’t be afraid of governments - governments should be afraid of reporters.
It's in case he suffers from amnesia and forgets his name.
See you all tomorrow for FIN - USA! End of the evening iguana
@mcdermo11 @rogerc32 u gave Laura so much constructive criticism she blocked u 'Lazy Give Up Now No Hope Retire' same with Heather
Don't go into alcoholism because of my comment :(
It really do be like that sometimes
Thank you for reminding me!
Big shout out to [NAME]!
I don't really understand what you mean 😩 haha Can you explain please?
Hi from a fellow INFJ weirdo. :-) Good luck juggling two suitors!
No offense taken, and I agree with your last statement.
There are no reasons to visit [NAME]. They're lawsuit-happy corporate scum.
I'm glad we have a place we can come to when we have doubts. Thank you so much.
Id buy those shoes and walk in the dirtiest places just to piss [NAME] off.
White male, middle aged, male pattern baldness, coke bottle glasses.
@PriceSjrw5614 @Ren102e906 @slb42jcb @swoozyqyah THEN you do what you can and then BLOCK them, they're trying to discourage us
Lost my appetite for the past 5 days and I swear I already lost 3 pounds #depressing #at #least #i #will #be #skinny #for #pride #weekend #depressing #at #least #i #will #be #skinny #for #pride #weekend
There is literally NO reason as to why the Japan ratings are necessary in this post. Zero.
12 year old self wouldn’t understand how I put a pint of ice cream back in the fridge. It should be finished.
great meme chief, but an NSFW marking would be nice b/c of the swastika
Ah, thank you! I’ve only seen them as decoration and on hotel doors. I had forgotten the name, thanks!!
I’m sorry to hear that. When do you graduate?
thanks for sharing.
This is the best thing I've ever seen on Reddit
I haven't had class in three years and yet I've literally had this nightmare dozens of times.
Definitely going to fail without a doubt qualified to even own my dog, and I’m happy it’s a deload week.
@littlepieces Customer services got involved and eventually completely wash their hands of it. #awful #dreamornightmare #awful #dreamornightmare
My life went from happy to unhappy..
I like how you ignored the point about Blade Runner.
Same, I'm really struggling to not become feminine because of that.
I'm beginning to think that ArcSys might be my favorite videogame company. They make such good fighting games.
Damn perfect 👌
pray for my boy huff
@DumTeeDum don't think Ian knew of Pavel. He knew about Charlie. I bet Rob will cackle with glee when he heard what has happened #thearchers #thearchers
Those all look like perfectly good cookies or is that the joke
This idea is brilliant.
Well, that sucks
don't know any [NAME], sorry
She's probably increased in usage now cause people want the wins for that Bastet skin lol
My hoosband loves dee cee and I love San Diego because of the Gorilla enclosure And the Pandas.
Facing the recurring waves of the pandemic, we must stay vigilant and cooperate with protection measures — may it end soon so everyone can live in peace!
I’m up here too man, having a great time so far!
This is simply honesty + humility. Indeed, very respectable.
Why? He was always brilliant. It was such a shame he lost out to [NAME]. Things would have been very different today...
If a woman forces a man's penis into her vagina, that ABSOLUTELY IS a crime. Not sure what you're smoking.
Yeah it doesn't impact much except when they break and cause billions of dollars in damages and irreparable consequences to the wildlife.
> Iturriaga (Mexico) Oh yeah. that was a thing. How was we?
Doesn't help that it's not actually cheese. Looks like a pretty standard Vegan mac+whatever you wanna call it
Does anybody know who has the contract to build it?
This will be me a year from now. Not fair at all.
He could be spooked off by the camera crew?
Oh dear. Yah, start with the criminal lawyer then - custody won’t be an issue if you’re in jail. :-/
Kinda torn. I want us to come back, but I also want us to lose bad enough to replace [NAME] quick
She's a bloody sociopath.
Agree. Not a perfect coach but pretty, pretty good
They killed me [NAME]. They killed me with schlock
These are permanent!
RDR singleplayer, not whatever the fuck that online is
The [NAME] camp is psycho. They're the same people that called [NAME] supporters deplorables.
I’m so excited for next season. My expectations are slowly climbing.
Very good points. Thank you for sharing that!
I hope the surgery goes well and have a quick recovery 💚
Three days, three days again... five days, five days again... always waiting... What happened to the promise of organizing by building unit?!
I checked there but thank you!
That's a great trailer. [NAME] needs more scars though.
What’s with that woman waving not to record, thanks [NAME] for nothing!👀😐🙄
You forgot >Having a $1500 debt on LES due to Finance fucking up
In the wild, it’s expected that something unexpected will always happen i guess
Damn I never had to wait that long. Then again where I live is a town more than a city so much less busy etc
Thanks! I'm glad you got a kick out of it.
Funny thing is, all of my salespeople who consistently sell 20/mo are constantly on the phone. Weird!
Fuck that doll. Energizer bunny from hell.
Why would [NAME] even care lol Reminds me of that [NAME] [NAME] I see a lot
Thanks for sharing your thought. You have a fair and reasonable perspective. Happy New Year!
I can’t translate /s to Texan speak well and forgot so my apologies y’all :)
My sister did Blue Apron and loved it.
Not really haha Young Living announced that they'll be releasing a CBD oil later this month
only take your shoes off if there is carpet. and carpet is nasty.
2nd one resounds with me so much, I rarely realize how little I trust other people to do any task lol
It's sad, but yes, zero.
What do you mean strap around the bulls nuts?!,!? Sorry not into rodeo things
I used to catch fish with my brother, climb walls, steal apricots, peaches, pomegranates. Dig wild herbs with friends. Grandma told myths under the tree, made paper flowers and bunnies. Great-uncle told Romance of the Three Kingdoms, we planted grapes and hawthorns.
Shocking mate I know, hopefully one day they'll go home.
But how can someone not be gender critical and yet claim to be a radical feminist? I’m genuinely confused.
You are, or you're. Thanks
I wouldn’t be mad. We need someone who knows what the hell theyre doing
Guys. I think OP blew burns in college and wants to feel better about it.
yes. to the above number i provided :) hope it’s helpful!
You ever want to work so close with protocol and get blamed for changes in DV missions that were never communicated to you? Welcome to LRS!
what's an alt right?
It never ends well
Shouldn’t have stopped them — if they love petting animals and get bitten, they asked for it. What are these people thinking?
Sadly, it looks like there are a ton of [NAME] in this sub
This is a very good point, which I hadn't thought of. Thanks dull!
Nah halfway in the fight your shots were definitely not registering at all on him.. lol
My poor baby
I mean it’s definitely rushed but your clock is ticking and could be possibly on the verge of running out. I say go for it.
Thanks mr bot
Look what we have available in store now!!!\n\nLiquid incense for those who can't burn sticks or cones or have smoke in they home!!!!
I don’t see why they wouldn’t, this is very much weighted in the Magic’s favor.
As I'm sitting in my car calling my mom my heart started pounding.
Physical copies at my preffered online retailer actually sold out. Its crazy. For all platforms.
Boosting is when someone else is the biggest ad-hominem yet, because it was in a situation like this.
[NAME] is giving y'all some weird energy. I wish [NAME] would do that
By the end of the trailer, I actually forgot spidey is dust for now.
Actually that specific detail is one of the few you can actually use as Lucio. Because it has a horizontal aspect you can wall ride it.
Pro-lifers are condemning #MenForChoice - but I haven't seen any of you criticize the dismal American foster care/adoption system. #menforchoice
Don't get discouraged when simple minds don't see your vision
Thanks again!
If your family gets sick, please leave your door open.
No. It’s slower and takes more calculation but it can be done. That’s why it should be practiced.
): hope the goose is okay ):!
That will have to be MY cake then!
Something is eating this poor redditor and I don’t think it’s the injustice of society at large to accept face tattoos.
pummeling cheerfully, jauntily, utterly one-sidedly makes us harder, better, faster, stronger
Mr. Steal Yo Perfect Season
You’re being downvoted for making a moronic comment - not for your “heroic” efforts here fedora...
One of he most useful things I’ve read on this site as a medical student. Thank you very much.
Haha thank you! I do love a good tea.
I just hope the Cavs don’t get the 1st pick fuck them
Phew! Sounds like he had a close call there :-( :-( :-(
With those ugly f'n belts
The only thing I can think of is [NAME] and [NAME] everyone is very uneasy about.
@AdamRichards_10 I done a mix of win and -1 and scores are 2-0 2-0 3-0 4-0 4-0 and then moyes was 1-0 down was fuming. Would of been easy
@jewleree @GameOfThrones Lmao night king smiles 😂
😂 Lmao your mom’s revenge is pro-level and I love it.
@smb_ryan @Kamper10 I couldn't care less about #GOTHAM. I haven't watched it since the mid point of season 1. #horrible #gotham #horrible
Um congratulations on being a housewife .. Lol?
Could not agree more. Personally, I love watching any comp at pro level. GOATS is fun to watch the micro play and ability timings and synergy
This is good advice, and I apologize for freaking out.
They would call him a snowflake libcuck
It's weird because I was discussing sex resentment and confusion in the thing I was writing last night.
It's Shrimpy ( I'm pretty happy with it and the telegram is decently active too
Why would they stop magicking away their shit. That seems more practical than a giant plumbing network.
I absolutely love that idea "BuT a CoP tOlD mE"
This is probably more paranormal than matrix-y but still weird coincidence.
100%. She's made herself vulnerable to being sued by a few people.
Exactly, I've seen some of her friends and family SM and is not exactly wowing me.
_warm and fuzzy feelings..._ Damn it, I'm getting all sentimental again...
Man I just stick them on straight away. Don't really care if I get some type of infectious rash.
It's very interesting that the fresh water doesn't just dilute the salt water
Yeah that was inexcusable
It's not my cousin's fault. It was actually me who set up the whole date.
Because most shit right wingers say is so awful that if they said it in a space where they weren't anonymous they would be fucking done
I had some pretty bad diarrhea right after the game. It's was more enjoyable than that loss.
I watch it every time I see it posted. There's something beautiful about watching someone so passionate and excited about what they've discovered :)
Yet another clown whining about discussions about bitcoin in a bitcoin sub.
@fixindk @RevoltRazor @dragons1015 Guys don't use that type of language. Save it for raging...
Not even in The Twelve Days of Christine? She was amazing in that.
@1VoiceMatters @MichaelTPremo just got wind of #MenForChoice and it doesn't infuriate me. Just makes me sad for the generation. #menforchoice
Oh my good lord. I just somethinged over his highlight reel.
I even tried to sleep sitting up for a bit, that ended when I nearly gave myself whiplash when my head dropped.
She regrets getting in trouble
The DPRK is ethno fascism
I don't even care about the draft, I've tasted playoff hopes and I'm not going back.
Will add to Plano's directory when I make it. Thanks!
The FBI has an age cut-off, so act fast!
Smoking is nasty.
That doesn’t seem like very responsible presentation of findings.
The idea of that sucks!
'Sleepy' lotion by @lushcosmetics smells like if a bouquet of lavender and a bunch of toasted marshmallows had a love child. #delicious #delicious
oh pigs arse ya cunt! if you don't say togs you're [NAME]
Yes but that's largely changed in much of the US (the coasts at least). Surprised a state or two hasn't legalized it
Compared to the number of people fleeing Venezuela, the Honduras situation is a rounding error.
Imagine having to pretend you didn't edit your link. The inferiority is dripping off you.
I think it'd probably look darker, but I was mostly on about flavour. You'd definitely tell the difference in flavour.
Yes please. What's that @ ?
I thought it was very good. The guy was one sick bastard that’s for sure.
What a good pupper!
I mean their away jersey is effectively our home uniform
Difficult to see how this video wouldn’t have been much more interesting if properly shot in landscape.
Careful, he's a hero
This is so, so great.
That was probably the most balanced doco I've seen on NK so far. Still think [NAME] went in without a completely open mind.
backed pats -2.5 10/11 just before #pleasing #pleasing
Don’t hate barstool
> this teams been appalling for a month now They're 7-7 in the past 30 days.
bad news fam, life is still hard and awful #depression #anxiety #atleastIhaveBuffy #depression #anxiety #atleastihavebuffy
Just curious, why do you think that? He has ~ 80% approval among registered [NAME]
Can you even imagine the brain damage required to think like that? [NAME].
This is absolutely the stupidest mock I've seen this year
@Rovers what highlights ? I would imagine you will only have 30 seconds of highlights for the whole season so far . #venkysout #venkysout
Traded me away, the bastard. Kidding aside, it's the annual r/hockey trade deadline game.
i asked if anyone else just saw that and right on queue my best friend says "that hand just reach out of the entertainment center?
That is odd.
Great...So I got up at 5am only to discover that my Amazon Prime Day deal was $30 more than the regular price. 😡
Honestly, if you did not, then you were watching the video incorrectly.
Can’t imagine taking on that contract
And then we have the ultimately retarded `` Spanish Lesson '' ( which I kind of like because it's so entertainingly bad ) and `` Incredible, '' which just flat-out gets on my nerves.
[NAME] has no jump at all. If he’s injured he should sit and get better.
Always take a chance on the dork. We rock in general l. There are a few weirdos hut by and large dorks have it together.
Short answer, fuck no, don't ever fall for it. Don't make the same mistake Canada has.
i think [NAME]
You can't expect him to like food
Absolutely nothing! LOL
Ohio is weird.
I can't do it anymore today, I'm out.
it’s fantastic with reflex or holographic
Clearly not Cubs fans.
That shit really just made my night. Haha
Oh shut up. Quit being dramatic. Another option is... THEY COULD HAVE A CONVERSATION ABOUT IT.
humans also source: i am human
You're trying to come off smart, but failed.
That looks like some pretty intense “homework”
What's the Pi IPcam you set up? Link? Sounds interesting.
Someone get fat boy [NAME] a happy meal.
I can help out, pm me :)
I was hoping [NAME] would get into commentating.
😅 I wrote that to indicate tears of relief and happiness but what I was actually doing was laughing like a lunatic knowing that I wasn’t alone.
thank you, female, very cool
I hate everything about this.
& # x 26; nbsp; Walking back in the sun was not fun for my feet.
This is the most horrifying thing I've ever read on this thread. May you and your loved ones see this through safe and sound.
Wait what? Person on page 34, meet person on page Star. Lets stop. We aren't having the same conversation here.
Anybody know why [NAME] sat the second half? It wasn't like anybody else was burning it up.
Now you see me.... Too. Lol
Edited to “voters” that’s what I meant but I was getting a haircut and a little distracted.
Oh cool, the new sign is up :)
The fact I haven't had to wear a bra for a week and knowing I'll have to start wearing one again after tomorrow is depressing 🙄🙄
Cool, Ill check it out. Thanks
Travel and health codes are a mess — green code still triggers restrictions; yellow best stay put; if green, why limit return? A star just marks local cases. If negative test & green code aren’t enough, what’s the point of these codes?
Can you give a source for that? I'd like to understand better.
My balls hurt so badly that I could barely even walk.
It's great you have a friend with the same struggles as long as you both encourage each other to do better. It can be very comforting.
This is my dream deal as well please basketball gods make it happen
It’s Beirt for people, wouldn’t it be beirt garda?
It feels weird to me cause im the type of person who always immediately texts back
lol what? The worst defense in the league? [NAME] its like we're trying to tank.
Right?? It makes no sense she’s horrible
I can tell you professionals didn’t do it that way in 2009.
Hey! Have any work that I can see or listen to?
> Ottoman
They are silent heroes — today brings tears. As a Sichuan native, I’ll forever honor the brave soldiers and volunteers of that great rescue. May our land be safe and peaceful. Grateful to be born in China 🇨🇳
genji dmg buffs are eh but everything else except a nerf to zen are crazy
I apologised an very long time ago as I was wrong at this point you are beating a dead horse
Oh my [NAME] yea!
@DFSCare apparently you are to contact me. Sofas were meant to be delivered today. Old ones gone. Sitting on floor. No sofas!
Lol I know, right? It's unsettling how bloodthirsty some people are.
Currently have 2 points. One is from when my cat died and the other is from a really bad migraine.
As soon as he was about to jump I audibly let out a “dude, just don’t..”
Yes, yes you did
She's cute but she's got that crazy look, the type of girl that would cut your d*ck off. 😬
Being misunderstood really is the worst thing ever! I’m sorry some people are so unkind.
*aggressively tells friend I love them*
Wow calm down
That blows. Glad you're doing better.
That doesn’t even look like her! Except the [NAME] in the background, now that’s the one we know and love.
Yeah I can't imagine who wouldn't want to come out first to such a supportive friend
1 is the lie. I'm cheating because I remember this convo from last week.
@HillaryClinton evidently @realDonaldTrump feels above #norms. SHOW the #tax return, if you have nothing to  #norms #tax
They were tricked. It’s not like those politicians were being honest.
Damned if nobody knows who they are, damned if they do
Edgy bro.
Finishing peeing and then still feeling like you have to pee.
At least he was polite - "please" fuck off!
Great defensive hustle! Good job by [NAME] and [NAME]!
The good kind
[NAME] just make one shot and we’ll be happy
I'm a Bioware fanboy so obviously biased. I even enjoyed Andromeda. Haha.
Glad you came to your senses. Go feel uncomfortable about Lola bunny in Space Jam again.
[NAME] has weird ideas about everything.
i had one but it kept buffering and drove me nuts, caved and went to a lakers stream :/
No lie his jumpshot is pretty If he can hit those 3x more in-game, oh my god; [NAME] for [NAME] straight up
He probably slipped a knot...
Loving @challengesophie @TEDx talk #challenge  #map #inspiration #stayunstoppable #challenge #map #inspiration #stayunstoppable
I had a friend ask me what kind of sweats do you have a good week
Here, kiddo. Happy cake day. You need it more than I do.
It's crazy, the first day with icy, snowy roads it's scary but within a few days, grip and visibility sound like fantasy
yeah. it's like you know something real bad is gonna happen at any time. that's why I never try to get my hopes up too much.
Its great that redditors who bicker over different topics can come together for a laugh
time to stop concerning yourself with brexiteers and start worrying about what went so wrong in the EU before more countries decide to depart
Someone is in danger.
He ain’t lying. I’ve seen the way he eats tacos!
@_haye_ optimism is he'll lose, that's actually a compromise :P
Even if you think me and him aren't soulmates, youve gotta be pretty sad to think soulmates don't exist.
Even though I didn't know you personally, but I just want to say that I am proud of you. This is an inspiration.
First is the worst
Funny you ask
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @paulzimmer  #musically #musically
@XenoStateOfMind yes\n\nmake her smile and be happy\nshe deserves happiness
Nope but here you go. Honestly really disturbing, don't say I didn't warn you.
Im not saying it wont be self titled, I could totally see that. What just asking how he knew it was "fact"
Look at me. Made it through the day without a meltdown. #anxiety #anxiety
Cutting pig grass, playing in the mud, climbing trees, watching cartoons, doing farm work — what I miss most is sitting outside on summer nights, stargazing while Grandpa told stories.
Maybe try to do some little thing you really used to enjoy. Even if it's just for 5 mins it's still a small victory.
@BurmanAJ @AMANDAZUCKERMAN I'd rather see KYLE from bbcan play again and THAT is saying something #awful #awful
It really is amazing the money they give to some of these QB's #nfl #texans #brock #terrible #nfl #texans #brock #terrible
Me too. Book of Abraham is such a headache for the church. They would love to get rid of it I am sure.
I watched the Lego thing with my 7 year old cousin and I was surprised at how quickly I became invested in it.
All Dressed Ruffles are my vice, but potato chips make me sick. I wouldn't go so far as to lick the seasoning off, though..
Leave him alone!
I’m an anarchist, I don’t know how to read
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral? It is because we are not the person involved. ― Mark Twain
Cute pupper 😍😍😍
Getting tougher to make those mortgage **and** car payments.
As a former feral child, you can begin worrying at about 14-19. If they're going good by then, they'll probably be fine.
Very handsome!!
People change their minds when trust is broken.
I can never refold the paper properly so kudos just for that!
@yashah07 Hahaha got the same forward !! I want to find the source and teach 🤣
I stand corrected, my apologies to the mods. I'd personally like to see more banned or removed but at least they handled the most egregious.
Not shocked by the subs [NAME] is active in...
A tourist tried to touch the monkey, and it reacted strongly. Grandma blocked it to protect the tourist and got bitten. Only she can touch the monkey — no one else.
Errr, i didn't want to risk get in trouble with the discipline master, especially since we weren't on good terms at that point in time
Same, I zoomed in, skeptical AF that this could be a painting! Wow!
The Apocalypse has hit our gym and it's  nothing what I thought it would be...\n\nEveryone is wearing vests! What if it's contagious?
Can't tell if sarcasm, or an irrelevant statement, but thanks, first thing to see venturing into reddit at 00:15, actually nice :o
That's beyond fucking creepy!
As a society we should be ashamed of the fact that this is even a question. Let the suffering stop obviously.
muscle-y shirtless man in a kilt handling balls. guys like guys that can handle their balls and heavy loads.
This was legit the first thought that came to me when I saw them there at the podium
[NAME] is a vile excuse for a human being and a stereotypical, alt-right, [NAME] supporter.
[NAME]? He's an absolute fool. If we need a coach to destroy our organization from top to bottom, he's the man.
thanks! yeah a bit, wrote for my college paper last semester but thinking about doing more
An indie rock guy I loved used dialectics to explain his songwriting process, it was weird.
It was horribly intriguing.
My heart leaped and I held out my palm.
I’m glad you do feel genuine, unconditional love for your own child :,)
I guess its the 9th largest city in the country but it it weird to group them together
is there anything scientists not working on?
Which side story? Thanks for the info!
Never. I miss the opportunity of leaving earlier than I did. That’s about it.
Lol "progressive reformer". Gotta love how gullible Chicago voters are
I know few will mourn the loss of Stitch's Great Escape, but...see, THIS is the kind of cost-cutting at parks I really don't care for.
I live in America and wish I could support them but they're on the wrong coast.
Of course. It would mean you owe them an unspecified favor in the future. That would be horrible.
Must've misunderstood something about his injury. Thanks for pointing it out
The best mori will always be Nurse's.
I like your answer and good on ya, love me some [NAME]!
Thanks! I love watching him every week
[NAME] was very athletic
Or he just tired of her and this cute chick just slid into the DM just in time
1.0mg is a high dose. My husband is an insomniac and can't take that dose without nightmares.
The amount of empty seats at the Orange Bowl was pretty bad
I wish your mom had used the stick on his mom and explained that she has to be allowed to do it because otherwise she'd cry.
I actually got banned from vanilla sites for stuff like this lol. I think the guys get offended and flag your profile lol
It's cute to hear that teens are still having mall dates--I thought those died out 15 years ago.
Nice try FBI.
Congratulations and by the way, you’re not fat, you are down to earth.
I'm pretty sure the armor still shows on the person after you kill them even if it is broken.
[NAME], beer me the strength to make this price lower!
say it with me now super star
[NAME] has been injured for a while... No point in doing that comparison. Not sure if a troll or just new to football
[NAME] I hope that isn’t the release date. I’m holding out for 12am EST 🤞
A fuckin men
US postal service right? Might have something to do with the government shutdown, but I’m not sure.
Edward, I can't put my arms down.
Was just wondering about the mobile thing. I only use mobile and I've never noticed anything odd. It's not something people would care about anyhow.
Yeah I tried it the best was just 100% scale.
Weird, though. So many people love to identify themselves by their corporate loyalty.
It isn't incorrect to use 'they' even when a person is explicitly a women/man.
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut. \n― Ernest Hemingway #quote #quote
Also that college is overrated because they are or know a welder or plumber that's makes 200k .
Lol, try harder next time bud. Your swearing really shows who is actually mad here and your stupidity is starting to get really grating.
Also very funny that communists can still expect it to end up in a different end-game. Well not funny though. :
This is like telling me I eat three meals a day — if you’ve nothing new to say, don’t write nonsense!
Every time I see news treating foreigners like masters, my blood boils! Yet they come down hard on our own people — damn it!
I've never had my cheeks hurt so much from laughing and / or smiling.
Says the pedophile demanding to see photos of a nine-year-old boy in drag a month ago.
Can confirm, girl asked my out on a second date and my comfort levels and confidence sky rocketed
People are paying attention to their assets? Hmmm. I don't feel sorry for them.
was the same with me for a couple of years before puberty.. i was frequently mistaken for an adult woman..
If it's anything like what happened in France, I'd assume because it disproportionately affects the poor.
I'm so happy this post blew up because this is so true
That's awful. But I am proud of you for calling him out.
Happy New Year you wonderful mummy you! I was thinking about you today and hoping you were doing okay ☺
Disgusting. Truly disgusting.
Did you know the origin the first time? I don’t find it very funny in the absence of knowing that.
Then it'll hurt more when I kick it in the balls.
Love [NAME], but he is really dumb when it comes to politics and economics.
they will also hate the eagles for years to come because their fans were a bunch of meanies
I will defend common core against parents that are just bad at math until the day I die.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** CrimsonEagl3! ^(hug)
The best part was when the Audience thought [NAME] worm had gone “unnoticed” by th Department of Justice.
And the weather so breezy, man why can't life always be this easy
So true, their track record isn't great. Feels like you can only play her in limited ways or die though.
Until it gets to a point where you are a stalker.
I love when they send in the wrong meat, it’s only happened to me once,
i love this video
If I spend more than £10 in shimmy on £1 drinks I'll be raging, but we all know it's gonna happen
I like them all as long as they are not fake.
In the journey of life, everyone needs others’ help, for everything in nature is interconnected. No one exists in isolation. But while receiving help, we must also learn to help others.
Aidy: *has a physics question*\nAidy: '... ok, I'm not gonna ask Tristan cause I don't wanna aggravate her'
The sad thing is that most of them are gone the next election anyway.
This whole sub makes me sad.
Oh of course!
Man I love that flair.
Yeah I am seeing a therapist. I should probably talk this out with them next week.
Wrong on so many levels. Just sit back and watch it implode. It will hurt at first, but guarantee, you will have the last laugh.
I love [NAME], but I'd trade him for equal time at equal cost from Trout before I took half a breath.
> a complete ham sandwich Love this. Using this.
What dose are you taking and how long did it take to help? I've been trying the Lazarus 50mg/ml. Not seeing any obvious improvement so far.
And just the “stop looking at me” was so old school. It was nice!
Good thing you listened to your gut, ran, and made a lot of noise! Yikes! Glad you're ok.
@ggreenwald Smh, remove ideologically bankrupt and opportunistic establishment now. They're burning all bridges and social contracts. #anger #anger
We can do this son. You don't want to miss [NAME] win his first Rumble and become the new top guy.
I just went to post this but you beat me to it lol
Are you worrying/worried?\n1Peter 5:7\nThrow all your worry on him, because he cares for you.#faith #leadership #worry #mindfulness #success #faith #leadership #worry #mindfulness #success
Sadly we have yet to act on this brilliant plan.
I’d tell her nothing, that freaking weirdo would just never see my kid. The End. Disgusting.
I mean... It's about average. So not $200 but not "throw it in the trash" either.
Im gonna go on those subs, wish me luck
I don’t understand how her parents were able to take kid when she claims they are horrible alcoholics
How many of each have been killed or injured?
I’m going to die right now I’m so scared tears and snot everywhere
What a loon
The book im riteing about wots happond has made them moor angry but im not here to plese man or hide the eval deeds of some
Yea this past season her outfits were horrid
lmao dana just like "i fucking hate my nephew"
It was decent music but felt so much like just someone hit play on a playlist with commercials and walked away.
[NAME]. Was that the reason you broke up with him lmao
What made you so interested in great whites?
This is the most beautiful story I've ever heard.
I tilt my head down to examine the bottom of the glass to see that there is a large, open terrain where the gash does not touch.
You're dad's favorite? No fair!
Exactly, thank you.
And then there's "having to listen to parents bragging about how hard they have it" tired.
Wait project players magically become great without showing any improvement who would have thought!!!
He was a US Attorney and Mayor of NYC. He's not an idiot and knows exactly what he's doing.
You got this bro!!!!
tbh college has been a hair easier for me than high school. The worst of it is making tuition and trying to register for classes
You should call the cops of he comes back, I'm going to guess your coworker has plenty of similar stories about him.
He's alright, Avatar, The Happening and After Earth were genuinely terrible films.
Happy New Year.
I played around in the water, haha just my feet in the water though, it was too cold.
I think 2020 will be the year it'll start to really crumble. 2019 is the year we still have to work really hard to make that happen.
Weed! Finally!
In the USA you would've gotten that imaging faster.... *then* mortgage your house for that knee replacement
be strong, independant and practical. stop living in your world of fantasy. snap out of it. the faster u get used to the reality, the better
I sit on one of my legs. I always have my other leg weirdly sticking out. Like I’m trying to crouch, but failing.
This is a wholesome confession lol
*oh god oh fuck*
Manchester derby at home #revenge #revenge
I'm sure the guy i lease my space from will love it when I ask to transfer some BAT to cover next month's rent.
This has been well used. Thank you for your service Sir.
No need for pity! It was a happy moment. Tears of joy not sadness
I don't wonder.... . We have multiple examples af police behavior like this every day.
Excellent idea, thank you!
@SeanUnfiltered Texans are scared of this bunch!
don't you hate it when that dogs are doing drugs behind your house?
GIVE HIM ALL THE MINUTES
I know plenty of old people who did just this
Mirror:
When we actually executed [NAME] system we were killing it
@aradsliff don't know I'm from nj we are the worst on purpose.
Southampton playing really well here. Youngsters Matty Targett and Jake Hesketh in particular and Austin and Long formidable as a front two
Bank of x .co .uk
; ) In the evening we did go down and put our feet in the water-I got to about my waist actually.
I like that they have a red light camera there to combat the red light runners. You can see it flash twice at 0:48.
[NAME], I'm excited to watch your journey and hope you have massive success!
Once it became clear I was too old to have a family, yeah, it felt too old to bother with it.
Tell him you're scared. Tell him you love him. Get professional help for you and for him.
In the letter I told her she was disrespectful and that we will not ask her to housesit again.
You're making yourself look more stupid with every reply. Google what the heck model organisms are.
So is texting a guy 'I'm ready for sex now' considered flirting?'
You have to leave the house.
Did you even read the discord logs?
WWF/WWE had/has been on TV in the UK since the early 80s. And we certainly like a drop of beer. We don't tend to have disposal tables so much
All of Disney is cringey. It needs to be stopped
Overtime... #TeamNA #WCH2016 #nervous #teamna #wch2016 #nervous
Well isn’t it pretty much just standard goblin lore? Not like she came up with gold/ greedy goblin background on her own.
I support the idea of punishing [NAME] without trying to injure [NAME].
A hell of a player when he was at Grimsby. Hope he can pick up some minutes and goals again.
Man, I can't remember if this started on r/NBA or r/MMA
Literally anything regarding [NAME] and her weird fans belongs here
Sorry ideologically yeah. I meant morally.
Bought the book by [NAME]. My Weekend is set!
Wow, /r/noisygifs for real. First time I genuinely felt I could hear it.
That's a cute spider.
I have never seen a dog more excited than when a sled dog is about to go to work.
Sad face it is
LOL I have reminders for my ex-gf's birthday approaching. Too bad she considers me acknowledging her existence an affront...
@reinervshunter you got this💙 #staystrong  #yourebeautiful #staystrong #yourebeautiful
Gotcha, thanks for the reply. I know about the emulator ones, just wasn’t sure if any had been ported
Eternal rest grant unto him, O Lord, and let perpetual light shine upon him. May he rest in peace. Amen
Good luck to him.
Actually looks really fucking fun. Where can I do this?
Oh damn, I was thinking like what kind of monster doing this
I felt my heart drop. [NAME].
Wait so did you permanently lose sight in one eye or is this just temporary?
I don't know what's worse, the new Pizza Hut commercials or the pizza that Pizza Hut makes. #horrible #horrible
I agree with this coked-up fiend.
*Time Of Your Life (Good Riddance) by Greenday plays*
I live in Northern Scandinavia now and one of the biggest culture shocks to my American brain was the groups of very young kids just roaming the neighborhood.
Wait, what? [NAME] wasn't allowed a *bank account*?
Same, actually. Funny, just saw him in a local video doing the same bit.
Is it weird if I said I forgot how brutal things could get? Like what happened to [NAME] oh my-I was appalled.
Why did no one check [NAME] for her comments though?
I thought she got arrested over it, but charges were dropped?
By all means, tell me what I said that was incorrect.
LOVE THIS!!
wanna go home and focus up on this game . Don't wanna rage at all
 @cailamarsai you've had me   the whole time watching @black_ishABC after you've lost your #glasses! It was #hilarious! @mrbabyboogaloo #glasses #hilarious
That's the problem I'm pointing, the media use stupid clicbait names and people get dumber and dumber.
NO GOD NOOOO!
I'm irritated by the upside down "Anti Crease" bit more than anything.
can't believe Achilles killed me! #angry #angry
[NAME] always makes my day when he's yelling at the refs
Damm. The more you know .
I know exactly who you’re talking about! He has a documentary on Prime!
Or, [NAME] is upset we aren't in the playoffs.... You know. He only really cares about winning ..
I’m slowly starting to get excited about what we will do with the draft pick(s?) they will most likely get in a trade
My worst fear when I finally get over someone Those damn what ifs
Oh shit why didn't I think of that?
Im sorry that I'm only able to give a single upvote for this wonderful, graphic, and accurate visualization.
What I'm saying g is this is really on the edge of being a that happened I mean it could be partially true
You sir are a true hero.
Absolutely insane documentary. I actually thought it was a parody at one point but it’s all real.
Happy MLK day
@ATTCares why do I have 2 wait 48 hours to call YOU back to cancel an order I JUST placed after already spending 2 hours on the phone?!
He can't rescind. What a dumbass
I use 3 different credit unions and all of them are great. Used Wells Fargo for a short while and hated them.
I like him too but when we DFAd him last year you’d have thought we cut [NAME]
People born tone-deaf and uncoordinated — no matter how hard they try, they’ll never match those with natural talent.
[NAME] they need a union so badly.
Ohhh you're an incel. Your opinion doesn't matter. Back in your hole smeegle
WHAT!? *I thought you were a local!?*
wow wow wow hold my beer!
I chose a name without my parents. Then when I told them the name, they said that's the name they had picked out if I was afab
You see what I mean . This is still bullshit that people won't expect that fact the alcohol and cigarettes harm your body more than weed does
I hope he’s a hit for the contract he got. Looking forward to seeing him.
>who can shoot a gun accurately I too can pull shit out of my ass
Nah I think she probably knows he will side with her mom lol
One you don't like. It keeps messing up your contacts as well.
Will do! Thanks!
Blogger, a question: what’s the main criterion distinguishing confirmed cases from asymptomatic infections?
[NAME]? Is that you?
#Talking about our #Problems is our greatest #Addiction#Break the #habitTalk about ur #Joys#quote  #problemsolving #behappy #talking #problems #addiction #habittalk #joys #problemsolving #behappy
@GRIPLIKEAVICE_ I wouldn't mind if it didn't you know, threaten my job when I disagree. Puts a damper on things.
The Pants by [NAME]. Give it a listen. Lol
29 and 39. Didn’t get to see my fathers parents for too long. I definitely got my condition from my Father.
Closed for a month, can’t work—brick-and-mortar stores are collapsing. Not even in lockdown zone, yet still affected.
*alligator point, thank you
thats adorable aw
Sandwiching an argument between two insults. I like it - I might try it. Maybe that will get people to agree with me
I always get concerned when I see Nono standing at the stove or being instructed to pick Milania up from demon spawn practice.
Well then just ice it (if you haven’t already) and hope for the best
Of course it can, but if the information is true than you can’t blame the information
I understand just so hard feels like I’m being thrown away like trash I don’t want to imagine a life without her in it
I wish I could tell you if it was a good t.v. Let me just find the MOTHERFUCKING REMOTE!!!!!!!!
Yeah, I do this too. It's almost comforting. I'm glad I'm not the only one.
Hugs to you It will get better
You crashed and burned but managed to save it. Congrats my guy
Absolutely. It's exhausting.
But there's no hype in that...
I’m glad you had a great time here! Wishing you safe travels!
Think you mean this Labour MP
Guys don’t typically pick up random women at night unless it’s a prostitute.
Then believe me...he Always will be looking. It’s just the way it is with some guys.
This is just such an obvious troll.
this is just brother and sister but with extra steps
God, I've been so physically weak the whole day. So much shaking :(
RIP. Sad for his family and the bull riding community.
It could be bait and switch... Which would be a surprise
Many landlords aren’t rich like online claims—rent might be their only income, and some still pay mortgages.
It's the wisdom of the fool.
This is so sweet. Thank you for being an awesome parent !
However untrue I know this is intellectually -- for I still have family in Indiana, Aunts, Uncles, Cousins, and my Grandfather Lucas, who is still alive and kickin ' -- I still can not ignore this damned shade that keeps popping up over my shoulder and whisper's my worst fear: `` Alone. ''
It's great! And it's his own choice, you don't force him.
Undifferentiated otherwise patent closest patron braininess ideas that incense the offensive lineman: wHYaNEWG
My cat just attacked me for treats and scratched me on the finger. If this affects my typing, he's in so much trouble.
Omg deans you forgot to put your nagito relevance stamp
In this regard, how are babies different from neighbors?
Those guys are TOUGH. glad to see Blackwater back in business to keep the peace over there
Ah. My misunderstanding. Yeah get rid of those but that isn't what the removed post was.
Roger that, I'll see if I have any in store~ Thanks!
Do you even TRY TRY TRY???
This guy is drunk.
That [NAME] part killed me!
I’ve woken up next to some shocking things but just imagine finding the top of a police car in your room.
I never said I was brave, I just said that compared to the average great white 6ft is small
Get your daughter into therapy. That is some crazy manipulative shit she went through.
@RadiateZen That's true, it does go both ways. But I've been on the receiving end of a vegans wrath! Lol! I personally wouldn't condemn
How is the JC-01 with juul pods. I've heard mixed reviews.
Now this was fun to read! You had more courage than I'll ever have :')
[NAME] opinion on adoptions is quite disturbing
I think we would have tried to, but [NAME], as we can see, is way too good to make us a bottom 4 team.
🤣that is so cool
How can you look at that. it hurts.
Can I get that glass online?
To be fair, they did call it a horror.
And that is what cognitive dissonance looks like. People do the craziest things when reality doesn't meet their expectations.
BUT 3 MILLION VOTES!
How sick must someone be that they wish to 'punish' someone for not being their friend?  #insecure #lonely #miserable #vengeful #RHOC #insecure #lonely #miserable #vengeful #rhoc
oh no
@MannyM83 @DareToReagan oh yeah. I HATE the air raid and I don't like the Oregon/Baylor offense and I'm not a fan of the ole miss one either
Dated a woman who invited me to her birthday party.
Yeah, it’d be weird to have two green arrows running around.
@brian5or6 turn that shit off!   Home Button under Accessibility. \n\nWhen did innovation become mind fuckery? . #iphonePhoneHome #iphonephonehome
$100 says Teufel is 'reassigned' within the organization before next year, but I wish it was sooner... #Mets #thirdbasecoach  #lgm #mets #thirdbasecoach #lgm
Guys, are you really sure those are men?
Thanks I was wondering what the sparks from his head were about.
Why does it matter? Isn't this just 2 oppressive systems of control fighting against each other?
Brutal. I'm so sorry.
Worst CB we’ve had in recent memory
Malins with another surging run forward almost sets McCreadie up at the far post.  Decent game for the neutral, nervous for @Lewes_cfc fans
Are there any #horror sites that would be interested in my writing a guest article/review? Been really craving a literary outlet lately. #horror
@Thatguy_dree @RecklessWonder_ neither one of y'all can see me in this madden
Stunning considering you have the exact same opinion.
YAAAS! Even though you're a stranger on the internet, this has made my day.
They all did idiotic things on at least 1 occasion.
The race advances only by the extra achievements of the individual. You are the individual. ~Charles Towne\n #optimism #inspire #optimism #inspire
Once some joked that I was a [NAME] just because my family had moved to West Germany for a couple years when I was a infant.
I’m proud of you for moving out You deserve peace and happiness! Independence is the sweetest thing.
Because no one was seriously hurt - - - It's hard not to watch this without laughing.
Mou is too jovial and trying to impress those players too much. No player is bigger than manutd. SAF won't tolerate all this bs @ManUtd
Good for you!
You’re right, no one is taking you seriously, Reddit user.
*Peril sensitive sunglasses excluded.
It's weird that actual socialists will say that politics has moved far to the right.
Yep, it's all extremely frustrating.
It pains me to see [NAME] used in this abhorrent meme
Well if you refer back to my original reply to you that should be clear, really.
That sounds so awesome. Thanks for talking about it.
Should of stayed in Dubai 😞
[NAME] AND [NAME] ARE SO GOOD AT DRAWING FOULS ON 3'S
Haven't noticed this comment before but, fcking [NAME], [NAME] really has become a household name hasn't she...?
Lovely integrity ya got there. Keep up the good work!!
I want an autographed copy of this, framed and on my wall.
This sounds so painful. I am so sorry. This ED is literally a demon.
I have been working here almost two years and have never seen this website ever.
@AskLloydsBank #worst exec complaints ever #horrific customer journey #worst #horrific
You're willing to lie about anything to shill for [NAME].
That face too. Everything was perfect.
The jerk store called. They're running out of YOU!
I don't care. I shouldn't be forced to suffer allergies and a messy car
Good news. Makes me feel BCH is way underpriced and has a huge upside.
Is it the movie where meeting the right dude turns a lesbian girl straight?
warning: i am a sensitive, angry, insecure baby today, but UGH why do people at large either hate or ignore me bc it is literally~the worst~
[NAME], I love hearing them click in the water. The sound of a healthy ecosystem.
Goldfish are awesome pets, they are cheaper to replace than they are to feed! :D
Embarrassing lack of defensive depth coming back to haunt us.
Can I get this as a flair
Iunno, looks pretty Western to me.
What an absolute bloke. Keen to see him run wild this season.
Easy: he’s completely unrepresentative of Colorado and really bad at his job.
I can appreciate that but snitches get stitches unfortunately
They only really fought them in Al-bab and only reason turkey took al-bad was to split the cantons
Lol! Thanks. That cap would pop right off in there. Lol. Love it
Fucking parking in the middle of the street through the entire strip of Allegheny
6% of [NAME] is [NAME] so it wouldn't be a shock if he was of this community.
Getting raises and heading to Utah to get our teeth kicked in playing 90s style. [NAME] wouldn't have it any other way.
if my dog dont like u i dont like u and if my dog gets into a fight u know im jumpin in there with him
all 10’s left tbh hoping for a clarity win, we found love second, rather be third, and titanium fourth
Same thing happened (to a slightly lesser degree) with [NAME] last year and it made for a lot of heartbreak that some never quite got over.
Love how Megan is raging about this Kendall Jenner photo and I'm sat here like 🤔🙃
Mine was apparently [NAME] and the giant peach!
As a libertarian, the market value of my love for you is pretty damn low but I’ll give it to you anyway.
[NAME] this is pretty funny bit of info he just revealed I guess he showed up and they were like yeah u got final say deal with it
Cross Party Group on Crofting meeting tonight in @ScotParl. Suspect it's going to be a lively meeting....
Discord. It’s there in the FAQ.
The tactical alliance between PYD and the US doesn't fit the characterization of intervention. That's also not relevant to what the hashtag is about.
He looks like his parents are blood related.
Fuck it, it's every man/woman for themselves in this fucked City. I've given up caring.
OK thanks 😂 I just typed she automatically and then realized I had actually no idea if she was a she hahaha
Treyarch: adds all blackout servers to South America [NAME]: OMG treyarch why does matchmaking take so long.
No disadvantages in stereotypes.
Clearly you didn’t watch carefully — why skip the biggest villains Zhao Lidong and He Liming? And Meng Dehai’s later lines were changed!
It seems our pets have all...turned away from [NAME] and into libtards! If only they had finished that sentence!
“We can easily #forgive a #child who is #afraid of the #dark; the real #tragedy of #life is when #men are #afraid of the #light.”–Plato #forgive #child #afraid #dark #tragedy #life #men #afraid #light
>I don't care either way. Good. Then stop making asinine comments on the matter.
This comment is fucking cringey lol why the fuck do you talk like that
Solid. Giving the other customer sauces for free was especially petty, I like.
I remember in grades 1–2, I hardly studied but always ranked top. In grade 3, I suddenly dropped to 10th+ — realized talent alone isn’t enough; hard work matters. Since then I studied diligently. What struck me most: those more talented often work harder too — that’s why they excel!
Rough comment to read but glad I did. Thanks for the write up.
that trier iso on tucker at the end made me feel things
I refuse to be a chirp chirp girl
Thanks. Didn't quite catch all that.
Can’t wait to listen! Look forward to each episode.
She ain't a prostitute. She just likes giving head.
Come and join in with #cakeclubhour tomorrow afternoon from 3pm! #bizhour #chirp #cakeclubhour #bizhour #chirp
I'm not looking forward to mine. Need to just do them though. I spent a lot last year on medical bills so hoping the deduction helps.
No it’s not! It’s much easier to pull in to the space and leave it there.
That's funny stuff, there
Sadly, it was not
@Geminiak @LondonNPC you're welcome! #wordgeek \nAlso, good to put a face to the twitter feed, even if it was only a cheery hello! 😀 #wordgeek
How much carbon you're removing doesn't matter much if you're still adding way more than you remove.
It is hard [NAME] damn work, making something this pretty look like a chump!
I have nothing to offer you but my love.
I am in #shock and #awe and the places my #toddler manages to get his dinner. #shock #awe #toddler
I hope this green dream comes true — if Apple and Android could share the same charging cable, that would be so convenient!
Awe man thank you ♥️♥️
remember when glee did a take me or leave me cover but it was between two girls who werent even friends why did that do that
Ive initiated with men I dont have ahigh attraction to. I have a high libido. Your post seems overly simplistic of gender.
@VosachResrus ^'ll just #wobble carry you #sink #wobble #sink
The real villains are those aware of the cruelty of life, but then reproduce anyway.
Been looking at Panthera, will take a look at RAP N. Thanks for the consideration of my big hands :D
This is something I try to do every day and it makes me feel so at peace
BFV have anticheat... Why do you claim "complete lack of an anti-cheat" ? They are running fairfight + some inhouse shit afaik...
Everybody betrayed [NAME] [NAME]. I'm fed up with this world.
I get ghosted all the time after I open pics. I don't like it, so would not do it to someone else.
Vans are ugly as hell. You just cant make a Minivan look mean. Also why are they trying?
>Not all 70% of the filthy [NAME] money is gonna be taken. ...unfortunately.
I think it looks great
Sounds exactly how it is - you don't want a relationship with this girl. It's pretty cut and dry.
Farting in a hot are car when your windows don't roll down is terrible. #gag #BresAdvice #gag #bresadvice
We got heated toilet seats here in Japan. Big smiles.
I’m very happy for you! Congrats! 😁
Awkwardly remembering all of those promises I made mid-panic attack...
2.5%? That not so great for [NAME].
Ah good ole no child left behind
It's way too hard not to get discouraged.
That's some good stuff! What did you think about [NAME]?
I love [NAME]. He’s just going to keep getting better.
The perfect amount of salt for me
Dummy I'm disagreeing with you
For fun. Mini story in the Royale. I see no reason why they shouldn’t have been.
Likely frostbite advisory weather.
What is it called? "People online voicing their opinions and making jokes about the hilarious bs we do".
> I hate how much I care. My feelings exactly.
You must be wrong, because this is the sub for intelligent people!!!
@CohenDS Yell, 'Bye, garbage!' cheerfully after it.
[NAME] isn't likely to get traded. Out of the 4 he's the least likely.
two major banking stocks down almost 15 to 20 % from their highs while benchmarks still close to top it is a sure #worry for markets #worry
Man [NAME] played really fucking well I hope this game especially after [NAME] last game establishes him as the starter.
Nothing better to do?? In 2020, apart from mass tests or special self-paid ones, who did nucleic acid tests? How did we survive back then?
I'd say no, mostly because you don't plan to stay long-term.
Nail in the coffin. Sucks that refs always feel the need to call an equalizer penalty
I don't like sleeping in the couch :(
And I clapped. So hard.
Let the holiday office and epidemic office fight it out first ~ I’ve gone nowhere these seven days except grocery shopping — might as well be working.
No doubt.... #smiling ...the best #medicine 😊😊😊 #smiling #medicine
I just came off of watching all of his movies. Dear [NAME]. I love and hate them at the same time.
Kind, hardworking people only ask for three meals a day and a stable job — that’s all.
I was napping on my desk when the building shook slightly. Soon everyone rushed out to the field. We’re not in a seismic zone, so no one knew what was happening — just felt it was big. Sure enough, news later reported the Wenchuan Earthquake.
Yep i always say this. Absolutely best case scenario is a foul ball. If he puts it in play it's probably a dribbler.
Completely understandable. Maybe mom should book flights a little bit farther in advance next time though!
More #terror attacks on #India means something ominous for #Pakistan The current situation can't last long #terror #india #pakistan
Looking for 3 tix for the Leafs on the 10th. Upper or lower. Thanks!
He totally knew about it'. Trump finally gets revenge for his son-in-law's prosecution/imprisonment and throws Christie under the bus.
"drop the beat *AYYYYYYYYY........OOOOOOOOHHHHNNNOOOOOO"*
I wish you luck anyway lmao, and don't think so down of yourself, i believe you'll do great
Keep in mind that being frugal is the best place to learn about all of that.
holy mother of oof
It's a situationally dependent call. Yes, I would call *it* again if I had another chance.
Whoever is bandersnatching our off-season needs to quit it.
Positive #psychology research shows salespeople who score in the top 10% for #optimism have 88% &gt; sales than those in top 10% for pessimism. #psychology #optimism
I guess a bunch of people will move over there to avoid Brexit.
On [NAME], the allegations and the final result were very different. If I recall most of the complaints substance was rejected or disproven.
Federal employee here. My amazing tenant offered to pay two months in advance to help with my cash flow.
I accidentally swiped. I don't have time right now I swiped for ego and got it so I don't actually want to talk to anyone.
Is the use of stone that common for the medical field in the UK?
It’s kinda sad that this made me lol.
Ain’t that the truth. August is Hell!!
You thought wrong. Also, the answer is Caribbean Splash Car Wash on Clarksville Pike. I'm not even kidding.
First thought that came to mind were those water benders in the swamp in Avatar: The Last Airbender.
With [NAME] ongoing back problems...I'll pass on seeing this lol
If you're old school like me, you will always hate the Cowpokes more.
OMG NOL i love u so so much i love ur cheery face and hugs 😘😘😘 @CRAZYmac17
Just want Saturday to be over but then again I want to do good #LSAT #nervous #lsat #nervous
This is actually kinda funny
It's going to suck worse when I'm barefoot in the kitchen in two months and a piece of glass I overlooked is going to unearth itself and stick into the bottom of my foot, like that one time.
Chicken and the egg argument. Gun companies don't donate to [NAME] *because* they have gun control on their platform. This goes back decades mind you.
Breaking News: Man Write Op-Ed About What’s Bad For Women
Stick with us. If only for one more day. Then let’s try again tomorrow.
There is clear video of them harassing people before any confrontation.
Well I was balding at 22 so I didn't have choice lol
Haha, same bro. I am lvl 21 and still playing at least 4hrs a day. Loving it!
This just makes me want sushi.
My opinion is that this person's opinion is stupid, fallacious, and bad.
I'm happy for you. May you and the boys have many happily ever afters!
Ohh, whoops. I still don’t agree but I see my mistake
Stop twisting terms. Clearly, ignoring COVID rules is selfish, not “malicious return.” Misleading followers as a major blogger is irresponsible.
Hard to prop up lies with anything that isn’t also lies, ya know?
That beat slaps. Good memories
RNG-based access to very important mechanics is frustrating for some people.
Ehh, still pretty ambitious lobs for [NAME] though. I'd get it if it was [NAME].
I was expecting it and I jumped. I don’t even have thlassaphobia lol
The guy they picked to play smoothie was great. Made me feel uncomfortable at every opportunity.
Fuck you.
I had just had a procedure done to implant an Intrathecal Baclofen Pump in my belly.
That's a cool dino
Why do people gotta start so much drama ? Shoot me ☹️
OMG. Indict this oligarch.
[NAME] just put a huge hole in my heart.
And good riddance!
can only blame Jose ere why would you give Rojo another start after Sunday , fucking disaster waiting to happen &amp; it did shocking header !
Sorry to hear that, mate. Please get some professional help.
People are disgusting and insane.
@escotony sorry to hear about your experience, however, please do not hesitate to contact us via live chat or email at askdysonUS@dyson.com
Childhood: paper kites in spring fields, resting under clouds and eagles; rainy summers in oversized raincoats catching raindrops; autumns roasting sweet potatoes; deep winter snow. Simple toys, endless joy.
It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.\n#funny #pun #lol #hilarious #punny #pun #lol #hilarious #punny
No, everyone should should stop talking about the rights of groups of people, and start talking about *human* rights.
I'm 34 and disappointing my mother is still my greatest fear.
5 days?!? But I'm mad now!
That’s a good idea, thanks
I know, and the unfortunate thing is many of my friends in this area have had somewhat similar experiences with dudes who just are just total creeps.
np, good luck
I like the commercial where @kohara19, on a chocolate milk bender, steals a soccer ball from some guys and refuses to give it back. #bully #bully
If there was Romanian news being covered, I'd want to hear from a Romanian reporter... this is the worst take I've ever heard.
Worst feeling ever
You are not the only one. I rage quitted UNO
now if only there was some sort of *shock them through the phone* button....
Thats beyond shockingly bad. A new level of terrible. Wow...
Lines from Don't Quit take me to a place of ultimate strength when I start to feel weary. 💪🏾
So @JeffProbst those of us born in 85 have no generation! Where is the gen-less tribe! Ha! #survivor #lost soles #survivor #lost
Cool, I just wonder why you didn't go in to help
Henny and pine apples 🤔
I feel personally attacked by this salad
Not a good time to make life altering plans like moving in with him right now. Good luck, though. [NAME]
A life well spent....
Poor attempt for karma I think
Let’s go [NAME], prove everyone wrong.
I believe my wife will laugh at this, i'm gonna try it tonight!
Oh sweet! From their website I wasn't sure what age group it was geared toward.
The people you know have silly opinions. Its their best album since black holes.
Holy shit, if my siblings had roomates i wouldnt be shocked if you were talking about them.
YES EXACTLY THANK YOU ...if only more lower and middle income voters understood this.
I always wanted to be an actor! Always found it fun to emulate and/or imitate others
Yeah shame is hard to deal with
But atacking it over and over again is considered griefing, you wanted to shoot fishes in a barrel over and over and got caught.
How dare u/Reijka92 disrespect [NAME] like that!
Someone has already written [NAME] is the Aus Open winner on her wikipedia page. Haha
The virus mutates and spreads too fast, making targeted control hard. Medical resources can’t handle the risks; only mass production of antivirals will turn things around.
Best year of my life tbh
Utter nonsense from yourself.
Don't be coy were talking about the active ingredients here not the plant itself.
Out of curiosity what line of work is he in?
That the [NAME] is [NAME] actual father?
Canada is full of nice people, but has also produced some pretty gnarly serial killers, so...
Yeah, it’s not exactly rocket-propelled hot wheels cars playing soccer, but eh, I’m down.
Alright cool thanks for the tip - I'll give it a try!
Thank you. Language is weird. Why do you have multiple words for the same thing?
@DanLanthier That was exhilarating hockey. They're still out if Russia wins in regulation I'm reading. #fuck #fuck
[NAME] was almost all around higher rated going into the draft Hindsight is 20/20
This guy is a hack lmao
Oh sh*t guys I got banned
Pizza time!
Just sitting in the fast lane fishing for tickets. Ugh.
No jerk behavior from kitten but watching people interact with that machine was mildly fascinating.
An MRI would be infinitely more entertaining.
Somewhere between  #hope and #despair the day after #meetingmyabuserincourt \n#DVSurvivor #hope #despair #meetingmyabuserincourt
Thanks... and thanks again for the balance check. Hope your situation moves where you need it to.
Well, I knew that a lot of people don't trim their bushes in the eastern suburbs, but that's ridiculous.
Same truly adds to making La Liga the great league it is.
I'm concerned they actually have to press a button. Why no dead man's handle?
I love how this sub is gender less
get a doorway pull up bar, pop a couple everytime you pass by it. Helped me reach 20
#Debates2016 #AskTrumponeQuestion why do you #bully and # insult #people so much more than any other candidate in history? Not leadership #debates2016 #asktrumponequestion #bully #people
[NAME] doesn’t roll his ankle on a 🎾 in 2011 and we win a premiership imo
Kicking out a child for a biological trait beyond their control objectively makes him a bad father.
You’re right but territories haven’t been around for decades
Yeah it's takes some time but use all that negative energy and focus on yourself.
> a new release is imminent. Hahahaha
This is a good point, thanks :)
No he’s played his first season at center then finished as the starter at right tackle for every year after.
this season has already become my favorite over '12-'13 (yes I know '08-'09 was better but I enjoyed watching the '13 team more)
VR Mechwarrior would be awesome
Take a note to PM me if you do, I'll happily pay for one!
Poor cats tho. Having to live with people like that
Oh ho ho
Still depressed but I didn't run away so it cool
Could you make a ten hour version? I’m tired of having to replay this so often
@lindseylouwho_ be nice if the Texans could hold onto the ball to give fuller and Hopkins a chance!!! #awful #TNF #awful #tnf
@nytimes I'm trying to imagine the first response of a President Trump to an act of terror. The thought itself terrorizes me.
Pinky is so funny n jovial, bt she got emotional n just brought me 2 tears. I felt so bad for her #Ishqbaaaz #ishqbaaaz
Funny.. I mean real funny looking.
@RogueCoder250 We are in so much trouble!! I don't think the Rev will see the funny side of our project.
This girl was shaking her drink in the break room and it wasn't fully closed and yeah it's all over the place now including me😑😑😂
But it doesn't matter. You probably have different taste in music than me but it's fine because that's how you feel.
The younger one looks like she really gained some weight. I can't remember her name.
Hey [NAME], I'm [NAME] ! :)
The trouble is that they are, in fact, very devout [NAME].
This was so helpful! Thank you. I really needed to hear something inspiring for once, instead of just hearing that I’m not doing enough.
Finally! Miu is tolerable. Fite me.
Changing the shape of the charging port isn’t enough — it depends on whether the charging protocols are unified. Some brands can share ports, but fast charging won’t work.
I had an answer to every question and made sure to raise my hand.
That's cute, pizza*kitchen*! No, we call her Kitten to annoy her. :)
just get the paper that say it is real and see how shit it is.
they're a bit expensive anyways
@ParkerMolloy @KFILE Very misleading heading. Not to mention an agenda driven article.
Far more to do with being entirely irresponsible and dumb than anything related to benefits or tax claims.
The village, under the pretext of the pandemic, plays epidemic announcements on loudspeakers into my yard from 8 AM to 7 PM. If you complain, they say you don’t support prevention… I can’t love Henan’s countryside anymore, I’ve decided to stay in Beijing.
Firecrackers bid farewell to the old year. May your life be as bright and booming — Happy New Year!
You are gone right now probably my trip is just kicking in i took half that amount lol cuz im low you are having a hell of a ride rn
@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS I played a game where John Elway was sacked 3x and fumbled all 3x. Is this the same John elway I know of??? #madden #madden
me: tis a dreary day today\nfriend: he's a teenager not Shakespeare's reincarnation \n\nim such a dumbass lol
Pudge was great
I'll save people some Googlin Feb 26
Being compared to [NAME] is a compliment because he’s funnier than I’ll ever be soooo
Good for him, most guys are like [NAME] and would take her back in an instant.
You mean they'd get as pissy as everyone in this thread is?
You know you're in love when all you can do is smile whenever you talk about how he is to someone.
Flush the toilet that's a deduction.
@AChubbyPanda *He would growl softly and licks his lips.* 'if I need to prove myself, I think we might need to go somewhere private.'
Thanks a bunch!
Looks like 9 pts for you Mr. Wise Crack!
Nah, I like that they come here and tell on themselves.
@cameronNewton #colinkaepernick protests because of the unjust murder of #keithlamontscott in North Carolina #injustice  #speakout #colinkaepernick #keithlamontscott #injustice #speakout
Lol, the delusion is strong.
[NAME] someone kick this dork
Because [NAME] loves the American military more than any other one.
Why did you repost this 7 hours after your initial post!? And to the same sub!? Yo, that's not cool man.
Without Googling it? Are you kidding? (Please don't look up "kidding" in the dictionary.)
“I can’t stop vibrating!” [NAME]: ( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)
>friend Hahaha
I kinda wish people memed him a lot more because he has so much comedy potential. I hope my words inspire to meme him more
Watched this while eating hash browns covered in ketchup. You SOB. NSFW lol.
I'm really hitting all flavors of my sparkling water rap. But you know what's tripping me out? These half French and Spanish flavors.
I’m really starting to like that kid
Normally the posts on this subreddit are pretty innocent and vanilla.....yeah not this one I think I’ll pass on “TheDickPill”
Imagine insulting your wife and father then you carry water for the same person. [NAME] is a basic....
I had this insight too What is it called? Theres probably someone who already had this idea 800 years ago and wrote 7 books about it.
Very much so. It’s a wonderful place and very chilled out place. I still go every year.
@Doubtism I'm not on about history or  other people, I'm on about you. I've bullied no one, I make three posts and you attack
Hey same here!! The first week of April!
That's the exact person who would buy one of those
Nope. What’s it about?
Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop being greedy!
The JJPH ADMIN SEARCH will start on Friday!!! How excited are you?
This cut so terribly deep and touched places I had hidden away. I'm at a loss for words.
Thats what I thought, he can be very lucky to walk away from that
Something’s off lately—why are there monkey news every few days? Is this some coordinated action across regions? Hope the national security department pays close attention!!!
That's the best thing about free will, you don't need an excuse.
Your entire argument is undermined by how triggered you are. Also buy a thesaurus. And not all words have power all words have meaning.
Adjusted holidays are a scam! After this National Day, we work seven straight days — and couldn’t even travel during the break!
King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard and Beach House are my two favourite bands.
I encourage everyone close to me to inform themselves about my diagnosis if they really care about me.
One my favorite seasons to rewatch. All the glorious fights. [NAME] is forever a queen
Just keep trying. Dont give up! If you are getting numbers that is half the battle...seriously.
Great post. ( you are learning to let it go)
Just declare war earlier so you are on time, it's that easy
And it is always because of a dropped combo that should have killed
[NAME]? Never heard that word before haha. Well her parents seem very easy going and happy people but lets see when i actually meet them.
That’s what they get for being greedy 🙃
don’t you do it!!
Please treat me with modern medicine. I have gastroparisis.
My sister and cousin got one. I'll probably say "not even with a gun to my head" if I get one.
I'd hardly call them innocent if they're reveling in the thought of more mass shootings. People like that deserve worse, quite frankly.
Awesome; two steps back then one forward; so many big devs these days.
This joke is “the cheesiest”
This sounds very familiar...
@macmel19 come play madden at my house after school
Similar but I don't think identical to this
took the skin off my knuckles an my hand bleeding like hell but i felt kinda better.
Are you in enough of a hurry to get in anyway? (Morbid humor, sorry. That’s really horrific.)
I truly hope so
Came here to see if i was the only one. The whole edit is one gigantic mess.
Wait, you don't believe he's infallible? Give an important instance where he has been wrong to prove that please.
Thank you for understanding <3
Happy Mic Day!
Oh my [NAME], thank you. I thought I was going crazy for a moment.
What's really sad is that [NAME] wants to outlaw gay dads. I'm literally shaking.
Yes, I just watched it. Thanks man! Cheers!
You must be heartbroken, I’m so sorry. Can you start seeing a therapist?
I need to present on how birds are not real. THEY ARE NOT REAL
i would file anyway and see if your claim will be accepted. file in arizona. good luck!
What The actual fuck
@SteveBryantArt I was pretty sure it was a Golden Ticket. Get a tour. Make a mistake. Something horrific will happen to you. Good day sir.
Furry btw so why don’t you take yourself also
Does this remind anyone else of the Rublev USO17 QF? [NAME] is obviously further along than [NAME] but you can't argue against the results...
*(warning: may contain baseball)*
When your dog dies, you will realize how absurd this statement is.
It's pretty clear I can't stand @HillaryClinton, no tolerance for habitual liars. Not a Trump fan either so what's a citizen to do? #despair #despair
Are you having a stroke? Do you smell toast?
The social cohesion after brexit is going to be super cool too, everyone with flags on the windows.
This makes me wanna play Minecraft again
The Pats are awesome. Belichick is awesome ...they just are. #awestruck #awestruck
@Nekudere oh ok, yeah I felt dumb like I think I would have known if it was animated at least lmao
Two problems: It's not a newsworthy story. You'd get sued for defamation.
I hate people who have the blinders on when it is one of their friends
The title gives a pretty good rundown in my opinion.
I’m ashamed to look at how much time I spend on Reddit
Welcome to the freedom and democracy circus that is 'mercuh! 👍
I see - thank you for the insight.
I love it. I just joined the Streetwise Facebook page to catch up on some of the kids.
I always loved Sunday’s because it was Extreme Homemaker, Desperate Housewives, and then Grey’s Anatomy.
Cheese Most of my friends love cheese so much that I’m scared to tell them that I can barely even bring myself to eat it
Just gonna say it. Bahahahahahaha
I see now, but at that time i just woke up and this was the first thread i saw hah
It seems to be his Twitter reactions really. He prob needs to spend less time there
Okay... am I the only one curious how in the hell a fourth grader managed to get expelled?
Its a half baked RP. If they wanted to kill each other they oculd have just started shooting.
Having no position is in itself a position. I'm not sure which party is more likely to split right now.
Good luck using north melbourne when they change it to 'west' and make a new north melbourne station
@LeonWobYP b***er off. NCFC is a grudge match :)
It still wouldn't make sense. The problem isn't the looks
Like I said previously I realise they weren't commonly called asylum seekers until recently. However that doesn't mean that previously they weren't asylum seekers
I've eaten some really strange stuff and the only reason to eat this is to see if it is gross.
Cool story bro
he defended [NAME] when [NAME] drugged and butt raped a 13 year old girl
For 3 months so far. I’m not sure because I never had any successful withdrawals yet.
I'm 33 and every year I'm more sure I never want children. I am perfectly happy with my husband and our cats. ❤️
@JBoughton93 he might donate the money but it won't stop shit, pessimist
I called an ambulance for my friend without knowing it was against her wishes. She never blamed me but I felt really bad about it.
I GET BY WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIENDS
Most of them don't technically breach the actual law, to my knowledge. Plenty of them are distasteful to me personally though.
It makes me uncomfortable for anyone to force physical affection on anybody, it doesn’t matter the age.
Perm what? Seems like it’s like permanent virginity with a haircut lookin like that
Nice Map. I love the fact line 6 is pinkish red rather than silver
Wow I got a virus from just looking at this post
Seattle has both, and is building a huge extension to the existing light rail system. Traffic is still absolutely fucked.
Give it time people will figure out the truth if you engage with her then that gives her what she wants. She will definitely use that against you.
Notley-nomics helps grow the economy once again! Thank [NAME] we have such good governance.
Found [NAME].
Turbo the Turtle
Good, don't want speeders in my neighborhood and keeps taxes lower.
Nah, this sub is for well put together unpopular opinions. This is too low effort.
Takes all characteristics, good and bad
You don't get it man
I messed up my shoulder pretty well, and damn near broke several fingers.
cool... Sorry bro
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
Even [NAME] had a few missed dunks and airballs. Extremely rare, but they happened.
Same. I want to play through it to get the platinum trophy on PS4 but it's not worth the time sink.
This looks like [NAME] at the gym
Oh would you look at this....
Reddit I’m blind, what’s the bottom right?
I think she was trying to demonstrate that such solutions are practical even if politically difficult. But it was a sloppy analogy.
Getting my comedic relief w/ @SofiaVergara during season premiere of #ModernFamily. Just what a girl needs!  #modernfamily
That’s crazy! Really bizarre. Is she off reddit too? I did notice fewer posts.
To be fair, I will also continue to jerk off to pictures of [NAME] in shorts He looks so good in them
Thank you sm
Something new! Finally...
What a terrible list
if you don't wanna identify yourself...
Your name needs some work LOL
One is a parent foolishly believing in so-called masters, and the other dares to act like a fraud, deceiving others! Now look, the child’s life is gone.
Daily nucleic testing, one week locked down, two days open, then locked again — maybe again tomorrow. It’s exhausting.
If you like Thai food, try Firefly.
just did, feel free to repost from r/uplifting news
That’s methed up
Unbelievable! Here. Have your iPad back. Not interested in being treated like a criminal. I’ll write home with pen and paper
Bayern Munich pitch is horrific
OwOpen up dis is da powice!
Was blown away until I heard everyone speaking Spanish and realised it was Mexico. Not so shocking anymore.
True, but it all started under [NAME] and will get even worse if Labour manages to get into government.
Not very choosing beggars-ish, but definitely entitled parents material. Did she really just say that to you? Cuz you can call her out for verbal assault.
I always like to head out into the boonies after I have been away for a long time... to get my head straight.
AV is a system where if you vote for a loser you can change your mind and 'have another go'. That's the problem.
It's definitely that
And we'll be surrounded by friends
Please, just open your heart with us and tell us your thoughts.
@Deadspin @jrzy_boy This is about him being left off because they wanted to play a heavier game. We needed his offense tho. Amongst others.
Glad to see we are still around :).
I propose Istanbul. I don't think it's dull, I find it incredibly appropriate and amusing.
I like how they roll
Transit Police were obviously too busy checking tickets to prosecute the anti social behaviour.
> "I have full confidence in [NAME]..." *Now* you are being diplomatic.
Can anyone tell me what happened to [NAME]?
I was under the impression that [NAME] also has some pretty rough health problems.
I like your enthusiasm and yes it would be hilarious.
black bears will run off if you yell at it. if its a grizzly, you play dead and hope it believes you.
I think the [NAME] person is a Prequel and [NAME] memer right? Like this basically confirms it
Man'. The point became invalid once the school yard name calling came out. And, 'this year'. It's only January.
thanks i won't click
Back to forest drama -\nfrom my #Forest #music - series, 2016\n#nature #dark #art #photography #Finland #forest #music #dark #art #photography #finland
Yea it’s custom, me and a friend of mine were messing around seeing what we could sit on...
Talent really matters. My classmate and I both scored 60–70 in math early senior year; by the second half, he was scoring 90+, and over 100 on the exam.
Oh i wasnt trying to imply that he was a bad father. Its just this is America and hes a man.
Hostile ? I disagree.
I enjoyed this TED talk.
Thank you for the kind words :)
@RealMichaelKay Annoys me to about the Ortiz tribute too, how would the Oriole fans and organization feel if Yanks did that to them? #awful #awful
A bit of storybook now and again never hurt anyone :D So happy for the both of you!
I always keep my purse by my side. She is asking for trouble.
Can't. Prequel bad. Bearded [NAME] Man idea bad. OT era only good thing.
are your feelings hurt?
You've got this. Hang in there. Please keep us updated. I'm really sorry that you're dealing with this right now.
It's a really fun game and is a great way to hang out with friends. Hope you have fun!
@OHSOVICTORIOUS_ @FaZeAdapt We all seen it coming.. it's sad. But her Instagram comments on her pics are funny. Adapts fans blew it up 😂😂😂
Poppers do relax muscles though. Source
Made me so angry to read that, I almost downvoted your comment. Upvoted, for sure. Grr!
Even weirder way to spell [NAME].
Another sick burn! You're fun when you're wrong.
Thanks lol someone else just filled me in on the backstory haha 😂
I like [NAME]
6 might be a serious number, but 10 sounds better. Wild card race!!
He wrapped his little fingers around mine and my heart melted.
Yes. Then then dead teammate has to spectate for 20min. This is no where near as bad on PC as console.
Insecurities exist even for people that are attractive. Even hot people are just like everyone else.
[NAME] is a guest speaker in one of my classes this semester. Can’t wait.
A divided Korea, is a divided Asia. The day Korea re-unites, will be the day Asia gets back control of their own destiny.
Hate people like this
I'd rather take the chance that a kind, helpful comment falls on deaf ears than a snide one ends up hurting someone.
That hop/shuffle is scary
She's not. She's not in any place. She doesn't exist.
That’s a good thing. Guangzhou’s medical and economic resources are top tier nationwide. If Guangzhou can find a way forward, it’ll inspire the whole country.
You sure? They seem so much brighter on screen lol
Thought this was r/monkeyspaw for a sec. Mind if I grant your wish anyway?
So I just got peach and now I dunno what to do with it. Someone add me, hmu [NAME]
there is no general rule for this stuff. you just have to do what you think will work best for you.
I recomend a Jasikevicius from Litva :) Sorry for English.
what's wrong with this guy's nose
@JaredWyand Maybe if it was transgender the media would cover it #outrage #outrage
Food that gets delivered 😍🙌🏻
Probably. The fact his reaction to you being injured was to go off and have sex with a stranger is not a healthy sign.
I feel truly honored that you gave up the jubilation of being the only person to see that peanut and sharing it with us
She's a piece of work. I'm glad you're reporting your account issues.
Because [NAME] is a man child who can’t stand up to his mother
I'm not counting on them getting elected. I'm counting on them putting enough pressure on the Conservatives to actually become at least a little conservative.
I love this. Thank you
>Some very special moments are coming...
A hug? Lol, shugos new hugs look alot more fluid and faster. Get ready to eat more
for Inter fans because THEIR BEST PLAYER IS COMING TO CHELSEA THIS WINTER
Teleport, people forget you need a mask in a bank safe because of cameras, so put on a mask :D
Doesn’t frustrate me at all. He’s not worth the asking price. Plain and simple.
> I didn't know that. That's a perfect solution. Thank you!!
This sub is going to be so ridiculous until he signs somewhere lol
@MS_Hiddle_Batch no the flavour of Danish is far better but Danish pastry can be daunting to make!
thank you so much please subscribe
[NAME]... why you do this?
#Terrorism has a religion, They terrorise in the name of religion. And we say terrorism has no religion, bcoz of #terror 😁😁😁 #terrorism #terror
My brother looks like [NAME] and I look like [NAME]
This looks amazing. I'm sure Netflix will cancel the series in February.
Maaaan, that woman is crazy! And the straightjacket type!
She sounds abusive and narcissistic. Delete your facebook, hit the gym and kill her.
Ah that makes sense, thanks for the quick reply. I'm new to the world of working so I have no idea what's what.
[NAME] has 2 fouls and they don't force [NAME] on him in paint?
Yeah feel bad for people paying 200 to watch this crap. Better hockey watching my sons novice games.
It's ok to debate and reevaluate scientific things. Really it is. Scientism however is the idiology, religion, that useful idiots and politicians are pushing.
All my brother, I'm not talented haha I just steal the credit.
[NAME] gets his attitude from his mother. The "I'm so thoughtful and empathetic" crap but won't do anything for anyone in distress.
Gotta get out on [NAME]
It’s all good. You do you. I get pissed and overreact all the time.
I WANNA GET UP AND DANCE!!!! (but everyone is in bed) this sucks! Everyone wake up!! 😯 #hyper #happy #letsdance #dirtydancinginthemoonlight👌 #hyper #happy #letsdance #dirtydancinginthemoonlight
Reading this made me pretty damn happy. Congrats hope it works out for you two.
Cheers, I live minutes away from you, will check it out some time soon.
It’s definitely winter. My Cornish Rex is in hell right now because she loves laying in windows, but it’s cold as balls out
I skimmed poorly and thought it said 4 people (independently) discovered their data was accessed
Since [NAME] are technically [NAME].
I'm 'old school' Manual; left arm (unless contraindicated), straightened, relaxed breathing, no talking, slow release.
Victim-less, non-violent crimes shouldn't be handled so harshly.
I think I speak for most when I say: Please post the video
> The headline writers are misrepresenting her words (second publication I have seen in minutes that has done so). Oh wow I wonder why
>Relax ms bi weeb who leans left haha... thanks i love it
So what’s so admirable about hating relatives now? People always talk about “toxic families”—don’t worry, one day you’ll have no parents; should we congratulate you then?
Damn, you're good a parkour. That was a pretty giant leap to be made.
This is not a legal issue. Take it up with your school if you don't agree with it.
It even has a name on it from the original creator you reposting scum.
Thanks man, it’s sucks that I’m paying to get left on read
You good = are you ready?
Not a good sound, a glorious sound.
*YesYeesYesYesNooooo...*
That's my meds when going through interviews lol. Glad you made it!!
That, and truthers. Like, why? It just makes everything else she says seem suspect to the average person regardless of how sound it is.
I want to slide into the dms but im too fucking shy #shy #shy
Haizhu’s lockdown boundaries were strict. Early Nov people could still move, walk, bike over bridges; then bridges closed a week, later reopened for work.
Shut up, or you'll be tossed off the roof!
«WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY SWAMP????» yelled [NAME].
Thanks man....
talk about a mood pickup i went from depressed to elated so fast
literally wasn’t the worst effort of the season
I didn't know that kind of "full-tang" existed. Good to know.
I read it as "so long suckers". That's how those words translated in my mind..
I've never heard of him. Do you have a link? Curious to see if he has any videos on accents I'm familiar with.
Having a blast playing games and hearing testimonies at Pastor Jeremy's house #fellowship #food #laughter #praise #gospel #coffey1617 #fellowship #food #laughter #praise #gospel #coffey1617
Am I dense or is that not funny either?
Landslide.
hahahaha!! the seedy underbelly of the competitve choir world - exposed!!
ooooooo...yikes
Exactly. It was The fact that everything happened and ended so suddenly that left me speechless.
Yeah, 16 yearolds being attracted to other 16 yearolds sure is creepy...
I DONT LIKE EM PUTTIN CHEMICALS IN THE WATER TO TURN THE FRIGGIN FROGS GAY **UNH UNH UNH**
good luck with your baby! i hope everything goes well for you and your SO lol
The thing to understand about [NAME] is that he's a complete moron.
>Being sexually desired False, since there are a lot of things you can change on yourself to be more desirable. Also you act out of experience.
>!Did the name of the trophy gave away the twist to you?!<
oh, btw - after a 6 month depression-free time I got a relapse now... superb
How is that relevant? The rules are simple, do not attack character.
[NAME] is clearly our 5th best player
@Bluebelle89 @lsmith855 liking the optimism
As someone with a newborn, thank you so much! Good tip to have for sure!
Definitely. I find if I don't exercise for a few weeks I'll gain a few pounds quick..
My aim in battlefornt 2 is pretty good = navy seal, elite unit
No problem! Happy to help :)
Thank you & my heartfelt condolences. Snap in to a watermelon and drink to forget.
#NewYork: Several #Baloch &amp; Indian activists hold demonstrations outside @UN headquarters demanding Pak to stop exporting #terror into India #newyork #baloch #terror
Lol that's so far from the truth.
Is [NAME] somewhere on Apple Music? I can’t find her
Stick around! Would love your input / POV!
Learning to trust God can quiet a troubled &amp; restless heart, bring peace to a weary soul, &amp; eliminate the hopelessness that #addiction is! #addiction
Okay but how about someone who doesn’t believe the Wifi signals are going to kill us?
He’s a grumpy boyo
What do you mean by "free game"? Are you under the assumption that the Executive branch can dictate appropriations?
Not gonna lie, kinda looks like a unicorn sneezed on waffles
@BroggersM19 @Calum250284 He had been retired 20 minutes ago by most blues on here 😊
Been a weeb for yrs and i still cant understand besides a few phrases
I’m wondering about those friends of hers that encouraged her to contact you..
@Janet_Reid Wonderful post! Novelists shouldn't be discouraged by rejection, but they usually are because their work is so personal.
In 40 years we’ll still visit relatives—most 80s/90s kids aren’t only children. Once second kids grow up, the cycle returns.
I did not even realize he was injured...
It took a while, my elbows were stiff, like no matter wich way i layed down my arms were killing me, i was sharing a bed with jamie.
I know right? Let me just stop what I'm doing to feel pity where you go wrong in relationships.
I’m this close to buying a tweezer and doing my own eyebrows but I’m fully aware it’s the masculinity stopping me lmao.
I hope The pelicans trade him and [NAME] if they trade [NAME]. Hate to see them waste away in NO
amendments are allowed on monday to mays deal, i'd be amazed if no one kills her deal
I'm surprised that the police have not send her to a mental institution
I got the feeling too. It's possible, or the ground is just rough.
I never understood the part where he dives into a pile of money, even as a child. It seems wildly painful.
>Playing competitive MTG has brought me as much joy as my children. Yeah this conversation is over
I want [NAME] and [NAME] in Top 3 so I’m feeling the omens girl
No no no i didnt learn about that in my middle school bio class so it can't be real 😤
Link to paper referenced in the
You said that it is a fact that [NAME] is a rapist based on the testimony of 1 person. I merely stated the same argument based on your logic.
Okay so it’s different for everyone You feel more motivated! I tho k it’s pretty interesting how people can feel More depressed on medication...
Female INTP and i concur! Especially the kids bit! And the Adorkable!
weird flex but ok (the heart is flexing)
It was or I’d have walked out!! Lol!
But sweat pea it’s a MAN wearing makeup! My gay bestie BABES 🍭🍆🧖‍♂️
Wonder why he's falling backwards, it can't possibly be because the player is falling into him.
. . . Uh huh, interesting
He looks great in "Ideal Home".
I’m not worried about the Hurricanes enough to justify rooting for the Rags.
she always acts like the older sister who’s copping out of babysitting, it’s ridiculous.
She didn't believe that [NAME] left a Bomb. To [NAME] it could all be a trick to get her to come back.
Do people notice that only saying 'You're so pretty' when I have make-up on. Is offense! \n&amp; I take note that they never say it when I don't.
But... but [NAME] literally wanted to murder almost all the Polish people.
I know exactly
I used to play halo semi professionally, I know a ton of ppl on xbox live and have met a good amount of them in person at tournaments but a lot I still haven't.
Oh...this is the one time... Yes I can assure you none of those outlets print satire without labeling it as satire or opinion
[NAME] damn I wish you was located near me haha
For a moment I thoughts it's a Friends reference until I saw what sub this is. I TAKE THEE RACHEL
In keeping it simple and short.
It’s ironically calling British people ugly as a meme i guess
Ah I set myself up for that one. Alright you win it does look cool.
This means bisexual
Damn this got me
Hey, you sound like you're living my exact life. It's a good life. Enjoy sharing the love.
Can anyone share the attitude of the madinans towards [NAME] when he went there?
Watching [NAME] flip his head back every poke of contact is possibly the most frustrating thing to watch
@theclobra lol I thought maybe, couldn't decide if there was levity or not
I don’t think it ended badly. Watched with mom—the ending was great, well presented, story clear.
@Evan_McMullin He's spent his campaign dividing people up and pitting them against each other. His message is to fear and resent the 'other'
Fuck why didn’t I think of that
@CNNnewsroom @BrookeBCNN What can't you grasp? Besides yr cognitive dissonance, raging away. Each. Incident. Re: LEO-shooting = SEPARATE.
Electrical malfunction... suddenly exposed.
LOL, once in a lifetime. Sheesh, this sub is obsessed
> For the same reason it wouldn’t permit business with an expressly racist/sexist/etc. business But those practices are illegal at all levels already.
What a waste of money and time
These #NewEnglandPatriots jerseys look like some whack ones that you tried to make when you made custom jerseys on #madden  04 #newenglandpatriots #madden
A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones -Proverbs 17:22-
hum yhea i kind of agree, but i still dont understand what it has to do with the amount of devs left working on the game.
Im at the game,somebody please put me out of my misery
Now there is no one face to face so tough is an option
Not only was I not able to move, I smacked my head against the guy sitting in front me and things just got awkward.
Thank you, that is interesting!
Probably vallied out man haha
I really wish I could do that. The furniture is all made from my grandfather so I don't want to get rid of it. :(
Your welcome. Hope it all gets better.
The general rule is that [NAME] is talking rubbish whenever he opens his mouth.
what a ground licker. Day 9799 of being alive - I still hate people.
some of these, these neighbors don't sound like the greatest people.
Where the mask inside, too? Are air purifers not good enough for inside? Sorry for the dumb question... Just moved here this week.
Can we get a Chargers coach for [NAME]. They always seem to coach up their players in that position.
However, my knees were starting to sing a little bit by the end.
Proverbs  27:9 Ointment and perfume rejoice the heart: so doth the sweetness of a man's friend by hearty counsel.\n#TruthfmDawnBreak
You have to assert dominance or they'll never learn.
His chin is recessed. How the fuck does he have decent lower face
VUC YOU IDIOT!!!!
Something's wrong. The top post on r/conspiracy isn't completely anti-conspiracy? Wow, feels weird. /s(?)
Can you stop shilling for Russia every damn time they are mentioned?
Truly a blessed day for you! Shine on!
A few coworkers think [NAME] will mount a challenge with fairly high effort on his part. No one thinks it will succeed as long as there's no massive events.
Don’t worry it will work at some point haha.
Mixed drinks are tastier. And I hate raw clear spirits in particular.
That unconvincing bottom right though hahaha
They are. Primates (humans being the exception) dont hug like that when they're happy.
Wow, I'm sorry you had to deal with that. I trust better things are coming for you.
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1122 ^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?
Umm Hmmm. Too bad [NAME] can't be reached via Ouija Board. People really need his help.
@MichiganBromo Good optimism sir :)
Damnit Morty! D'you see wha-rrrgh-t you've done!? We're fucked Morty, the squirrels - they're recruiting dolphins now Morty.
Wow! Dude has aged well. Maybe I need some of that snek oil!
I love how they all state the stupidity in the quote and the person saying it, with only a few realizing it's something [NAME] said.
Great, thanks :) remember, just let it go!
He is better at public relations than the previous popes but he is basically just as bad when it comes to not punishing pedophiles
ooohhhh when he look at the camera at the end it's the cutest shit ever
Thank you. I downvote all the lies I can, if I like them or not.
Maybe they just like having a day off- something that is rare in our culture.
@BigDaddyx47 awe I'm sorry! I have 2 dogs 3 cats &amp; a snake
I honestly loved her performance as [NAME] in Scott Pilgrim. But then again I also love Scott Pilgrim so...
Is it bad that I’ve never listened to Sabaton?
#29 GINNNO ODJICK #29
That government was not democratically elected. But you knew that already.
Oh my gosh. This woman who died also had a son who died. Holy tragedy
Now she just needs to put start stealing hams and then if they ask she can show her stump and she will get away with it
Did you get to try the bipod? I can't wait till I get home.
mans got me excited
Adults seem to get more huffy than kids, who do go to school on their birthdays.
Lack of credibility and inaction fuel endless rumors and anxiety. “Scientific and pragmatic” is still just a slogan.
It's a dumb and harmful thing, when you invite people because of their race and sexual orientation over qualifications and skill
Been sober for days lmao
If it was Central Transport you might of got lucky. Sometimes I wonder if they even hve doors on the trailers things go missing an awful lot
Bet flop. Good [NAME] what are you doing on the river.
Exactly why I’m saying we won’t land KD ... but Knicks fans do know a lot about dreaming.
Oh [NAME], just when I'd forgotten about that...
No one is getting jailed for cannabis that's the biggest fucking joke I've heard all week
Even if he plays bottom pairing, his hockey IQ should help the team. At least, that's my hope!
if you hate pedos then check out
It’s totally my hardest game, too! Congrats to us all! :)
Watching Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension. I'm not sure how I feel about it yet. #horror #horror
Creepiest building in Chicago. I couldn’t even imagine the number of gunshot victims that have gone theough those doors and came out in a body bag.
Awesome! I just read Bad Blood and have been waiting for a documentary about it.
[NAME] likes this post
I wonder if the school closures with MLK holiday reduce the priority to plow ...
Same. I played it handheld yesterday and was amazed how smooth it looks and plays 😱
Tiangong 1, China's first space laboratory, will come to a fiery end in late 2017. The average decommissioned satellite either burns ...
Yo Yo Yo,my name is #DarthVader \nI feel like I need to puff on my inhaler (I'm no rapper but that was some sick bars) #breathless #bars #rap #darthvader #breathless #bars #rap
Haha I can drink to that! Cheers man!
Diacetyl, which is actually in higher amounts in cigarettes themselves, and even cigs havent caused popcorn lung lol
A ray of light and a beacon of hope. Absolutely beautiful.
I completely understand why some people would want to report this, I just said that I wouldn’t. You do what you think is right.
I’m sorry on behalf of all the idiot guys. They didn’t take my class. How Not to be Creepy 101.
Obama's 250+ offices of 'Organizing for Action' teaches #TheResistance #protesting #civildisobedience #treason #LOCKHIMUP #OFA  #theresistance #protesting #civildisobedience #treason #lockhimup #ofa
$2M AAV, love this deal
And butt. I can't believe butt cracks are blurred in US shows!
She looks dead on the inside in the photoshopped pic
Thanks. I'm in the same boat about being against therapy. Good luck to you too.
My 1 year old ate TWENTY TWO broccoli tots for lunch. And he still wanted a cookie afterwards. Like...what?!
Damn... I’m not surprised though since everything is super close. With 0 traffic.
Surprising you choose to believe things that aren’t true 🤔
[NAME] is basically this really cool guy who had some progressive attitudes towards sex and now society vilifies him just for bringing some pleasure to nice young ladies
I used to delude myself mine had dreamy eyes. Now I know it was the weed...
Thanks for the insight
Its just a prank bro.
Take it easy, hater. He nailed it.
Cool idea, I’d love one
You guys are heartless, smfh.
are you tagging them as your #WCW? if not, you should start #wcw
We have youth and depth on our side. I feel good about what we have. If the Cubs have 2 injuries to their rotation they are toast.
Truly felt the “diversity” of humankind (can we please pack her and her fans off to the moon?).
@BigBrother__USA she is just jealous and a cry baby! #bitter #gladsheisgone #crybaby #bitter #gladsheisgone #crybaby
Wack. Oh heard some 17 year olds are doing it too.
also a harsh NOOOO when disgusted
I love how people downvote you because you are right. It's okay dude for honor community is a hive mind of braindead plebs
Don’t blame [NAME] there tf is he supposed to do if our wing can’t stay in front of their man
Wait so his eyes don't work? Then how does he put his penis in your vagina?
To get a feel for [NAME], I recommend searching them on YouTube - there are curated shorter clips on different topics.
I can't believe you're giving these trolls the time of day but good on ya bud. Epic post.
Damn... That means a lot. Thank you!
I came here to say your third paragraph. Yes OP, this is good advice and you can probably find a job pretty quickly.
I miss doing nothing someone I care about and attacking their face with kisses. #foreveralone #bitter 😩 #foreveralone #bitter
This county head’s been a thug since 19. Someone check where he bought that graduate degree.
The important thing is that you're having fun
Ironic, since cleaning your room is what [NAME] is always on about.
Why go to the moon when you can *BECOME THE MOON*
I don't really know how to explain because English is not my first language, I'm sorry.
Let us celebrate with a glass of kerbango.
You can likely deposit this via mobile app if you bank has one. Or an ATM.
@WestHamUtd poor service tonight to find season ticket holders in the seats we purchased online. Forced to move further away #unhappy #unhappy
"The first step, is to put on a set of vicious stilleto claws. This doesn't make things any easier, but it does build character"
NOW WE ARE READY TO SAIL FOR THE HORN, WEIGH HEY AND OFF WE GO
Yep. I did this in uni, got mad respect for holding my "booze".
I'm honestly so pissed off for you. That whole situation is insane. Good luck moving on. No one deserves to be treated like that.
I'm disappointed by him not bragging about his 99 level atheism.
nah he only had one good year really
MSM stoking #fear. Please remember the beautiful prayerful protests in Dallas and Atlanta. Smile at a stranger. We make each other strong. #fear
His truck was never used by ISIS.
Nah, [NAME] literally shit his pants in the playoffs. He had to go to the washroom to decompress during a fucking playoff game lmao
Awesome thank you! I’m sure it was fine to wear but new guy here not trying to stretch any rules quite yet
Same for me, feels like i've been made alone just so my brother can get all the attention
They already tried and failed in Canada.
Not all seatbelts prevent you from hitting. source: shattered my kneecap and fucked up my legs on the dash of my Miata
I’m crying omfg
Right now! What should I do!?
It's your boy [NAME]!!
No, that isn't possible. Discord hosts the call, which means any attempt at using wireshark would just show Discord's information, not yours.
Ouch! My hear sank. Don’t do this to me.
Right. The comments people buy gold for astound me. I’ve seen some dumbass comments get gilded then comments that deserve it get nothing.
Hopefully they realize that anti-discrimination law is immoral and unconstitutional.
nice shot of that full moon on the first day of winter!
They did that already
I have to admit that when I started reading Terri's raves for the electrolyte supplement called Endurolytes on her Middle of the Pack Girl blog I sorta rolled my eyes.
Smile!!! #happy #smile #happy #smile
[NAME] is a fine woman leave her out of this.
And if she isn't? That relationship could be wrecked and your friend destroyed for nothing
I still trust him. I don’t think old school republicans as stupid enough to break the law for [NAME]. Hence they keep getting fired.
Interesting to see Dashy and Crimsix change specialists. And Scump is running Stock 2 on his Saug. Seems like they are trying some new things.
Yeah odd, as those items would identify her. And it would seem like an easier job to burn them to unrecognisable remains.
Firstly, thanks for pointing it out, and secondly, you should have some sort of [NAME] nearby, he should do the job
OMG the bra hanging out of the back of that dress is so cringe.
cant wait for their collective breakdown if she goes home
Wow, why is he trying to interfere with these people's freedom of assembly and freedom of speech? wHaT aBoUt tHe ConSTItutIoN?!
I don't think WI is lean red, after 2018 I'd argue for it being either tossup or lean blue.
Should kids really be lifting weights like that so young? Isn't it bad for you?
I'm not very good at pressing the devils doorbell, but apparently I'm decent at licking it.
Can't believe this game actually released in the state it's in complete joke , should be criminal
I like [NAME] and I've heard good things about [NAME] (I think his name is).
imagine if this was [NAME] people would lose their shit
A beautiful poem for a beautiful thing. Happy cake day btw!
Cali is getting rain this weekend so going to miss that
CONGRATS! Happy for both your personal health journey and being in a healthy place for a relationship, sounds like beginning of an awesome new chapter!
Well, it feels like the other truths would be more pertinent. If they don’t know what it is, then what is it?
so we all stood up clapped and cheered!
dammit @TMobile whays going on!!! 😤😤😤😤 lol #raging #smh #mobilefails #raging #smh #mobilefails
Barista Parlor and Crema have been my favorite so far.
Very odd to wake up the next day and be like “I need to post about this on the internet now” too.
We're going in a couple of weeks. It was easy to get her to go and she wants to
I’ve never heard of a vet adopting out pets before.
This year would’ve been the year to start it... we’ll likely be losing the heart of our team after this season
And you believe this?
No, of course, no one has ever had his best axedwarve decapitated in the first goblin fight.
Would it make you feel any better, little girl, if they was pushed out of windows?
Watch the movie. Its worth it
Oh [NAME]... now you’re stealing my lines.
What age are you? I didn't realise you were a child until now.
I'm too late to rub this into all the casual's faces. :(
Any one of us could be a journalist, and that level of journalism feeding the masses is mildly scary.
[NAME] you people are so fucking dumb
I've never seen anyone in a political discussion admit to being Russian though. [NAME] has made no secret that she is Canadian.
That would be awesome
LOL you are mental ,love it
It's great that you're a recovering addict, that's cool. Have you ever tried DMT?
The Netflix documentary about [NAME] absolutely sucks. Don't waste your time.
Leave it on there, rule,nimber 1 of carpet cleaning!!!  #worsethananatomicbomb #accidentlyspillbeeronthecarpet #worsethananatomicbomb #accidentlyspillbeeronthecarpet
@OzelleM man imagine # Ultra is promoting carnival. I think u need to be the chairperson #serious. Cause am hearing nothing #serious
It probably won’t affect it at all other than you might have more energy.
Pharmacy residencies started that in 2017 and honestly it makes the process so much better for both candidates and applicants.
He told her not to disturb him.
Oh he works as a medic in CA. So hes an Aemt in other states!
And I also appreciate you.
Its the same processus for LoL isn't it ? Haven't played lol for a long time but i remember using golds to unlock characters too !
I can't even right now #bb18  #bb18
But if you connect to the Internet, then you don't need no stinking procedures!(end bad spanish accent).
They hated him, because he told them the truth
No one does
I always find myself wondering where people are from, sometimes it is obvious though haha.
Pam Beesly and Jim... What a waste.
It has to include a scene where Polio ruins his childhood. And he learns about raid low-irritant spray. Because that’s a thing I remember.
Being bad at time management is finally starting to come back to haunt me.
It would be great if I could wake up every evening and eat a bunch of things I like. Looking at the world gradually ruled by darkness, I wanted to have a next bite of fried chicken, a sip of beer, with my stomach full, how could I feel lonely? If none of these are possible, it would be great if I could just see him.
Yikes - I'm so sorry things fell apart for you and imposing a sudden hierarchy on you like that was completely crappy on their part.
I'm sorry, I can't hear your useless badgering over me drinking my 38' from a wine bottle and enjoying my extra $200.
When bear attacks kick him I'm the ball!
LMAO me too! Just give us the life sentence and be done with it 🤣
I guess the top left forgot to read the part of history where their ideology failed many times, and killed many people
Devils fan here: how good is [NAME]? I'm watching this game and was wondering how he's been and what his potential is
If they overdo it and burn themself out it may be.
Looks amazing! You've reminded me that I need to organise a good hill walk or two this summer.
"I'm here for the strings" I like this.
Maybe the entire Russian team will test positive for meldonium and the North Americans will get to replace them #optimism #optimism
What a useless tool.
Why is sleeping with a coworker such a big problem for a news network? It’s not the military with a rank disparity or something
Good luck to all Fury-Haney players playing this weekend at the Future Stars showcase in Frisco, Tx.  #KGB #G-town #fury #kgb #g-town #fury
Wooow! Thank you! Amazing
Is this a [NAME] reference. I feel like it is.
Holy hell <3
* Fuck [NAME] * Yes
If it was six, I would have accepted it as just some crude humor
I love foreign money. I enjoy making origami from it.
Tigres ruining players /s
I know how you feel :( I hope you start getting more good days soon. <3
Lmao okay fatty
Well you know, helping out the less fortunate is basically a slippery slope to authoritarian commulism /s
Kleber 1 on 3 doesn’t matter lol
I've agreed with this since day one. Check out his match he he had with [NAME] back in NXT
I’ve never heard of their football team, must be fake news /s
This is great in contrast to the [NAME] and [NAME] drama
If you don't know how/where to find a source for that you clearly aren't very well read on the subject.
Well, Detroit isn't currently marred by ownership and front office incompetence.
@EmmaHobbs1 I did that! 3 days later my order isn't even in the same postcode as me
Truly a great man. May [NAME] SWT grant him the highest heaven - Jannat Al-Firdaus. Ameen.
I wonder how it's still tagged questionable...
Trier is low key an awful defender
Bonus: her infamous bizarre introduction video. Truly frightening
"[NAME] ***WHO***?!!" --Miss [NAME]
Ha at least you’re in on the joke.
What happens when a Jedi gets PTSD? Play this game to find out. Hint: ITS FUCKIN BAD NEWS SON
Was looking for this comment, thank you! Every so often someone will freak out over dilated pupils and post a pic here
That’s great! I hope s/he gets better!
Shame ,your quite cute
there’s shaytan in this room wallahi its been dark all the time now the lamp is on!! omg shaytan
Clearly, he had a bad Wednesday practice…
shut your deregulating lying mouth bill
Heavens to [NAME], guys, thank you so much for the gold! That was super-unexpected, but what a delightful thing to wake up to! :-D
Wait a minute, the rich own ranches.... You're one of them!
Only 5 hour drive..... I guess im doing a day trip to Almonte. I love baked goods.
is it bad that kurt is literally me..? #glee #glee
Could be something limited to my branch too.
No lights are a problem for the people in front of you. Not the offender.
[NAME] is way more straight forward than [NAME], she doesn't have tons of mixups and stances etc. Her strings strong but simple with limited options
But it's accurate. The other link states he was living in one of the poorest provinces in China. Dude was just an idiot
If people don't act the way I want it is because they have bad reasons. Lol
>lol that's [NAME]
That guy’s heart must be more broken than [NAME] when he had the heart virus
Yeah, guess I'm old fashioned and don't downvote people clearly expressing a personal opinion. No matter.
He was in the merge lane and should have yielded. He was legally in the wrong.
hmmm interesting... i guess your an interesting lady. PM me then. :)
what are the actual odds of getting #1 pick? anyone know? #1
Wee bit touchy..
Ph and Tesla doesn't do advertising. So any mention like this is fun to see
When your body says FUCK YOU BITCH, You ain't sleeping\n#sleep #cantsleep #drained #restless #cantsleep #drained #restless
My [NAME] accuses me of cheating all the time too when I’ve been nothing but loyal. Makes me wonder if she was cheating on me too...
@GOP she's ahead in the polls &amp; after Trumps dismal performance at upcoming debate, it will be an easy win for Hillary.
Pig Latin kills me internally this is why plastic surgery exsists.
She also spoke out quite angrily about "Obamacare" until she needed it due to her high risk pregnancy. She's remarkably hypocritical.
@Lowetide there is no room for jokes in hockey! This is a serious business where we made up teams to fill out the tournament!
Got any good examples you care to post?
@1barkcom Thank you for the #follow. Looking forward to your tweets as they look entertaining!  #socialmedia #follow #socialmedia
This show has completely gone downhill, can’t believe I waited a month to be disappointed smh
I arbitrarily hate poo-lice Get OUT OF MY POO
My condolences, cheese is magnificent!
You literally don't know what you're talking about.
Whoever coined “malicious return” used a cunning trick—it evokes “malicious wage demands.” Very manipulative.
Yeah, your initial question was just an innocent little query.
At least back then we didn't have AIDS.
So we went to City Island where i was having my nails done.
love that yawn
Same girl, same exact process.
i managed to craft that super early in the game and i was so disappointed that i basically could not get drunk
I like how u/FThumb is pissed that this got linked like the bros don’t ever brigade other subs
They all clapped.
My knees put an end to that pretty quickly, but not bad for the first time.
@StephaliciousD afternoon delight
hey at least you've got a friend group chat
As soon as I saw the GKs positionnig I knew all [NAME] had to do was hit it second post. MY MAN 😎😎
Forgot to eat dinner and now I'm furious with everything and everyone
This may be overreacting, but I would not touch those presents. There could be a bomb in them.
It boggles my mind every day how easily conspiracy theorist stuck their flag in Trumpland.
Don't be afraid to go through therapy.
I see your spell check does what mine does with remainers. Nice
@Briardpup @dogworldnews Did they get the wrong fur Pal? #shocking 😱 #shocking
His rank is confusing — he’s not even above Zhao Lidong’s level. The backing seems ridiculous — probably just alliances.
I don't stop.
when you find out the initiative isn't even a thing 😧
Combination of lapses in defense and the continuing saga of the Sabres' god awful PP.
I was teased for being a virgin when I was a 6th grader- in 2005
I'd love to see a repo/recovery subreddit.
The picture in the thumbnail looks like the kids in the maga hat that fucked with the native [NAME]
Damn that’s sad
Man we better not lose this like the [NAME] game.
Haha get it, they're taking it literally haha.
Oh ok cool so I don't feel bad at all about it then.
If he isn't respecting your clear boundaries then you should block him and move on with your life. He's not worth your time.
Oh, [NAME]
Our soldiers in war zones are held to a higher level of rules of engagement than our police officers. #sad #sad
The leaf menace is real. Day of the rake cannot come fast enough.
Also, they ruined Top Gear but that’s a whole other issue.
Are you implying this is not CGI?
Are you serious??
In the eastern States right up to my neck of the woods in Canada.
But I promise “it’s only something other people do”.
Yeah. I do wish you the best. It's not gonna be easy but I do. You're welcome!
I hope you managed to skunk him, so he caught an aroma every time he moved.
[NAME] this is so true, sometimes i will remember it like 5 years later and still regret it
So now disabled people don’t have rights . You get worse .
[NAME] with [NAME] on him, [NAME] pulls up for three. Great
Didn't know that sub, thanks!
What's the goop website?
Howl at the moon with @HorrorSociety at @FatCatChicago next Wednesday the 28th for a FREE double feature of SILVER BULLET and CURSED #horror #horror
The joke is that people still do this, so it is humorous that you are implying it's a thing of the past.
You're not going to stop using pot-stirring offensive words to "trigger the libs" or you're not going to stop using logic and reason?
"Help! It's an educated brown woman! Help meeeeee!"
I forgot not everyone has accused me of
Haha this the best [NAME] answer to this question. Right to the point. <3
Young, strong figures once went abroad to defend our nation; now, 70 years later, they return like this. Tears in my eyes — salute! We’ll always remember and protect our homeland.
My wife is non-religious.
My nose is currently upset.
Pop doesn't like it sloppy
I remember all the Bolt-on jokes this sub was making when it happened. All the best [NAME]
A chef switching to music won’t succeed no matter the effort — effort works only when based on strength.
I really like the hot pot at Lucky Bamboo. Their dim sum made me sad.
Thanks [NAME], I could unclench two minutes earlier.
But it's soooo obvious.
I kind of want this win for [NAME] but I still hope we lose out hereafter
Be quick to #listen, slow to #speak, and slow to . #listen #speak
Thank you to the firefighters, police officers, medical staff, and volunteer teams. Thank you all for your hard work and dedication.
I like this area when I go to the aquarium. It's a nice rest spot
I didn't say "do it for the children," but I understand if reading isn't a strong suit for you.
[NAME] doctor DESTROYED by [NAME] programmer #le epic style #le
Yeah like feminism! Not at all artificially inflated with terrible facts, information and school systems.
Upvoted because she follows [NAME]
Where's my electric cruise ship Musk?
Maybe that’s what happened to the great white at Houston zoo
Got once I tried lying down with my face facing the water and my face totally became red after that.
Kinda like how he wants to “out” kids?
@DKTaylorWriter I thought that was funny, too. But maybe not such a coincidence. Green must be the official color of optimism.
Sometimes I watch shitty tv to reinforce never giving up cuz if something is that fucking awful on tv, I still stand a chance. #optimism #optimism
Less to keep track of
Then please post the story here. I don’t go to links I don’t know. 😐
$100 says Teufel is 'reassigned' within the organization before next year, but I wish it was sooner... #Mets #thirdbasecoach #terrible #lgm #mets #thirdbasecoach #terrible #lgm
Tasers immobilize, if you taser someone why the fuck do you need to shoot them one second later?! This is really sick! #rage #wtf  #murder #rage #wtf #murder
They forget that in 2012, poor people couldn’t board, yet the Queen’s dog could.
But is that a good thing though 🤔🤔
I don’t think there is mouse and keyboard support yet
Thats amazing...i just bought a tank. Thanks for the post!
Thanks! Having a look.
I don't get it :( + Idk which game u guys talking about :(
@lyskoi anyway, I found a short scale today that was perfect for my purposes. soft on the hands, won't aggravate my (now-chronic) tendonitis
These “lockdown dogs” roam freely claiming there’s no control, while ordinary folks burdened by life are locked in and restricted.
What will I have for dinner?
Sad thing is it would probably forcibly ground the plane.
That destroys honor tho right ??
@andrewmcmeme nah, I asked really insightful teacherly questions so he could write a kickass report of his own. He will, sadly, never know
There was a horrible accident
Take an upvote for Seinfeld 👍🏻
So, that's super illegal in the U.S. And a cooler is not worth slicing someone's finger tips open.
[NAME]!! Awesome!! He's the only one that i have anything signed by
Poor lady, she was the mother of a friend of my wife, and she went to school with my father in law :(
I love it here too.
Yeah, without the music that scene would have been much worse.
it’s liu kang and kung lao... they’ll be playable
Had one good year that was it, then joins a god squad that struggles to qualify
Wow you think 15 downvotes in Reddit from the YIMBY cult has any meaning? I didn't say anything pertaining to economics.
You're so right. It's unbelievable how well generalizations work for this game.
You mean morons??
*[NAME]* has some weird guerrilla marketing going on.
The age of consent is 16 in Massachusetts. Unless they’re sending nude pictures he’s not doing anything illegal.
This Liu Xin is truly terrifying — her long post is absurd, full of lies. Why thank those who insulted the victim but not the one who saved her? Twisted values — a problem of character and upbringing. Like a spoiled child. I hope she wakes up one day and apologizes to Jiang Ge and her mother.
There are other petty crimes that can be more heavily prosecuted, like unpaid child support.
@RobRiggle @joelmchale @NFLonFOX I still can't get jimmy garoppolo out of my head and it's been almost 3 weeks. Thanks a lot! #hilarious #hilarious
There are too many depressing headlines on the news. This story made me laugh.
So how long was this guy hospitalized? Did he survive to walk out of the hospital? And the guy spotting the ladder?
Understood. Take care.
It's a great museum. Very graphic. Very moving. Very emotional. You might need a couple hours and some drinks to mentally realign yourself.
The phone calls in the first 10 minutes are absolutely damning.
Goodbye everyone, tremendous #LTHEchat tonight #lthechat
Pretty fucking brutal when your starting front court is 0-10 from the field. Whatever. I figured we would split this back to back anyway. Good game for our big 3.
That’s my neighbor!
He’s probably just getting stressed out that it is now getting dark and he lives in the countryside
@m_giacchino will this be aired on radio or filmed? Lots of fans over the pond too! #wales #lost #wales #lost
North America vs Sweden is the most exhilarating hockey I've ever watched 😅 wow , mackinonns mitts are silky #TeamNA #WCH2016 #teamna #wch2016
@CBSThisMorning @newsgirl123456 again, profiling DOESN'T discourage (September 20, 2016; 18:41 EDT) #terror #TRUMP #FAIL #terror #trump #fail
I am seeing my GP next week because I've been having other, more problematic thoughts. In NZ therapy is free if prescribed.
More importantly the car shouldn’t have run him over but yeah I guess you’re right.
[NAME] was speaking as a man you idiots.
My kind of man
I love daddy long neck and crew. You won’t be disappointed when you look it up.
Feminist narrative... it's always the mans fault even when he's helping someone out, sleeping, and gets murdered.
Less than 75 years ago my grandparents had swastikas burned on their front lawn in South Carolina after fleeing from Germany.
Man you sure are obsessed with race. Much like [NAME].
[NAME] was mediocre for several years in a row even if he was winning. He matches [NAME] more than anyone
Don't listen to the idiot, we love your posts!
Please kind sir may I have some more
If you ever need to talk to some one and just vent to just DM me.
@ColMorrisDavis @rolling_2 @realDonaldTrump @pbump He's jubilant to hear the word that he probably uses in secret heard out loud.
Omg I know. She honestly looks so uncomfortable. There HAS to be someone better who could host?!
Hopefully she lives in a very vaccinated area that will protect her baby. Hopefully.
Thanks for the good news!
When mine pass, I know I'll be inconsolable &amp; devastated. For a while.
She got exactly what she wanted.
I ended up with my kneecap dislocated like that back in the 80’s (it was a tragic hackysack accident). 12/10 would not recommend.
Gets kinda itchy.
Hey, don’t complain. I have 4 and I’m like “so you’re saying there’s a chance!” 😂👏🏼
I want to see the world’s scenery with you. The world won’t always be sunny—there’ll be cloudy and rainy days—but because of you, I love this world.
@j__a__i I actually understand it for plumbers etc. Wire would get in the way while under a sink
Happy late birthday :) I hope you got to spend it with someone/doing something that makes you feel happy and whole.
Doesn't matter how much experience you have, you're still delusional and most likely attracted to the "wrong" kinds of men
At work yesterday some old cunt couple told me their coffees were cold and wanted a refund so i put my finger in it front of them angrily
Im almost done with season 7 now. This show ans the office were probably my two all time favorite shows.
Yeh thanks man , been into meditation and mindfulness for a longtime , tho maybe not the most dedicated it def helps
@FaultlessFacade &lt;she really said in response to what she perceived as a forced jovial tone. With that, she slid out of the jeep and onto&gt;
Thank you, its like if you looked a camera that was taking a picture of your ear, you wouldn’t be able to see it.
Love the song! First one I’ve bought in a long time
It's not even artisanal? You're a monster.
where’s that tashy bastard
All I saw was [NAME]
That’s one of the many sleeping cycles of my fucked-up schedule :)
Pinterest one dessert... Next thing you know your pinning how to make 27 different visually pleasing mouth watering never gonna make sweets.
Wallah Lmao It's "voila"
Oh yeah Squid face God madden 17 xbox1 come see me
Good, I was hoping I wasn't putting false words in your mouth.
My uncle was hit by some kids doing the bird box challenge a few weeks back. It’s ridiculous.
What a waste of plastic.
I sorry know I can't watch it lol Edit: got 3 seconds in and had to abort. Walls started coming down.
My heart is broken for this woman... I really hope she finds the strength to leave him
I feel like people who post these are too in denial to realize it looks like a cry for help
That is true, yet that is a problem of the systematic exploitation in capitalism, not the fault of existence/birth per se.
This is funny but is it a meme or just a dude’s cool selfie ?
Serious creep vibe when she put on the wedding dress.
I love you and your love for your dogs. You matter, and I hope that you're able to access and find treatment to improve your life.
It would do us ALL a great deal of good.
Our knight in shining armor. I'll miss those high socks
Never again lol
Either you meant family doc or there's an interesting story here you're not sharing. I'm hoping for the latter.
Not to be a pedant but him being a corrections officer and her a felon doesn't mean shit to me about whether the abuse is legitimate.
What the fuck am I supposed to do with no lunch, no dinner, no money and I'm off to work  #hangry #day5 #hangry #day5
That LOD is a moron
^ but she ain’t a traitor
Thorpe park fright night booked for me and @JakeTaylorr12  21st something different should be a laugh 🐝
Only until security finds it stuffed with coke.
I am impressed with how fast he located the position of the camera, that takes real skill inside Amway..
Coming for dat golden state ass!
Who would have guessed Libertine Gold and Black posters would be coke heads?
Gotta protect’em!
Just try really hard to not ghost her and give her some kind of closure. Ghosting will most likely hurt more... Good luck.
I prefer buying the winner chests and holding on to the Godlike chests until a skin I want is in it.
Malhama Tactical has been exposed as a sham FYI
Thanks man 🙏🏽
I regret that I have but one upvote to give for your post. Very powerful.
this gif encapsulates exactly how I feel commenting in FT vs everyone else here
This is seriously disturbing. Even more disturbing, is that we aren’t doing anything about this, and it’s going to expand. Watch.
It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.\n #funny #pun #punny  #lol #funny #pun #punny #lol
You assumed that I complained about wl charge. Gg. I never said anything that might help you deduce that. Dude just stfu.
@Burnt_Out_Darth @theaterofscifi thanks.
Welcome to the new normal.
I want to be a rapper. I also like to write poetry and stuff. So to be successful with those things also I want to design clothing.
get the packages sent to your work or a relatives or trusted friends home nearby ???? parcel locker ??
Found the checher
The menzingers are sick, good luck out there bud
Furious! In High-tech Zone — zero cases since day one, daily tests for 40 days, no one left the compound, yet we still can’t go home! Damn blanket policy!
2010: The Year We Made the Super Bowl
I post on the the Donald you think I give a fat flying fuck?
[NAME], “How dare you show concern for the wounded!” Made me chuckle.
You're being cucked by an MLM I hope you realize that
Still waiting!
She tried playing the “I know a secret” game during the hearing. It blew up in her
Stay strong and keep going. Chiche but true : living well is the best revenge .
Mechanics institute Joes juice joint Alabama song Helvetica
oh the irony
Yup, it was a complete waste of time.
Ok my apologies then!
Really? Cuz hella 18 year olds with bad grades from my high school seemed to do it with ease.
Sorry for the bad formatting
A big ole pot of chili! And cornbread muffins. Also planning to brew some kombucha.
So what's your point? It's colder today than it was yesterday. /s
She sounds jealous of [NAME]. Sounds like she’s never had a decent relationship so that’s probably why she’s sabotaging her daughters relationship.
Better than the posted joke! thanks!
I didn't even think about counselors or talking to my obgyn. That's a great idea! I really appreciate the advice and encouragement :)
Figured since [NAME] is expiring and you guys are tanking it didn’t really matter
This post is about a strung out homeless traveler who abandoned his dog. Are you confused about things?
Heyyy bear hug!
IMO there are quite a few jobs that are criminally underpaid, but that's just me.
That’s a terrible amount of bp for 11 kills
Oh yeah I saw that trailer before Aquaman
Feeling is exhausting. They used to feel those things and now they feel nothing because they're so burnt out and tired
kid still sad after eating food, because it WASN'T A HAPPY MEAL.
Have you asked her child?
Welp. Guess I'm gonna get fat.
Depends on who rates you. They don't all do it. I stayed at 5 till about 40 delivery, then it started moving around alot.
Duuuude you are double trouble! It's you're* cmon man have some mercy on yourself
God’s jewels spilled across the sky — that’s why I see countless stars and his eyes.
@RobertB_Rice Awesome. Another non-native being offended on my behalf. We need more of you in the world. #SaidNoNDNEver. #Paternalism #saidnondnever #paternalism
I truly feel like science has the ability to make a milk out of anything ... cashew milk, hemp milk, pine nut milk, dandelion milk
Fecking THANK YOU. -- One Foot on Each Side of The Pond
Yeah, sorry, I was on the mobile site, and wasn't able to delete it.
Whoops. Didn’t know that was a thing. Thanks!
@DMAnthonyJoseph @TheClumpany No grudge. Only truth in abundance.
I think Bayern get far less hate than they should tbh, the Manchester United of Germany is almost selling them short.
> I'm sure there are plenty of us who have been through it to. Seconded.
Hope you're ok!
Can you explain what you mean? I read this as you would allow someone to insult, emasculate and demean you.
That's a cute little theory
Hope not. That would be a bad decision.
One of the best pubs in London. Even more likely inside!!
you're [NAME]
Wouldn't it just be enough to be really interesting is to go through the arguments. However, I would guess this is the most symmetric of these.
Sorry for late reply Rosetta is an actual name, it is different than Noctis, Rosetta doesn't hit you like a cricket bat when you hear it.
I didn’t really need those 25 minutes of my life anyway
Her face right befoe this needs to join the meme economy. The "I'll regret this for years to come" face.
You are amazing
He says he still loves me and wants me in his life. He cant bear to deal with the guilt he feels over Girl being jealous.
Those lines were an embarrassment today. I couldn’t not believe it.
Only someone who cares nothing about public opinion could act like this — her selfishness is staggering. To her, profit is everything.
No insults.
I love him even though the newest season of t@gged kinda sucked.
Is it actually happening?
Goodbye cruel world.
@EASPORTSFIFA EA sports technical support team really suprised me 😊 SUPRISED ME AT HOW SHIT THEY WERE #awful #awful
Its deathprofessor lol. That's her Twitter account.
We need to do something about [NAME] because he's fucking my fantasy team up
Old ladies are like the only ppl that are nice to me lmao. Kindered spirits with the ugly.
Why come here to spread hate?
Yeah... we are. But hey, misery loves company!
We need mark-ass brownlee
Right? This pops up like atleast once a month, for months now. Dude needs serious therapy...
Oh. Much less exciting than the edit. We live inside the fungus.
Africa has unique and tremendous problems with war, overpopulation, starvation and tribalism which makes moving Africa forward hard.
@morninggloria I came for the 'damn boy' jokes but stayed because you are great at your actual job 👍🏾
i love the eyes wtf they’re staring into my soul
You have encountered some very strange women my friend...
Nice of you to have some social awareness. I’m sure he appreciates that.
Offense does too. Love [NAME] but he's hurting our spacing being out there so much.
@Slippus @PureGym  yeah I received a fine today which I am furious about, currently appealing it after being a member for so long...
Mine too!! Always thought it was dyed from wearing mascara, but I haven't worn any in a while
I cannot stay here.
That’s nightmare fuel right there
Much appreciated. It's something that has captivated my interest and I have written on a bit, so I have a reasonable working knowledge.
That is one adorable meow loaf
It positively reeks of an abusive household
When's he due? (Sorry, couldn't resist)
Fuck [NAME] for blocking funding for this for years and years. So glad it's being used to help people now
[NAME] is available
Eh... just watch the season. The leaked pic of untucked was the week she goes home.
I don’t think anyone will miss me either aha
Oh oh oh
Oh I see it now
He should get some help from [NAME]
@Bungie spent over 2 fucking hours and still can't get that dam SIVA fragment on Fellwinters peak mountain #angry #angry
Oh thanks I didn’t pay really attention haha
That’s how they’ve (the cartels) been doing it for decades. Not sure how this one was done tho.
You can find the light! Maybe get a pet to love :)
YES FUCK THE LEAFS. MAY THEY CONTINUE TO CHOKE IN THE POST SEASON.
Man I am so happy for [NAME], they are selling out. Personally there is no way I would be able to afford them for 38$
@realDonaldTrump: No sense in taking out your wrath on innocent people because you think police shot an innocent man. #MakeAmericaSafeAgain #makeamericasafeagain
Rule 2 of firearms: Never point the muzzle at something unless you’re ready to poke tiny holes in it.
In foreign policy terms we're no better than Russia. We're guilty of everything they are.
Watch the Hulu documentary as well. They interview [NAME], and man is it fascinating to watch him backpedal basically from the second word he utters on camera.
Hahahaha. I can picture it as if I was a fly in the walll. I love mj like [NAME]
Out of curiosity, is this notion backed up by any evidence?
What is your career field? Maybe you should take a break or something? Beating your head against a wall every day has to be frustrating.
That's right nearby. Thanks!
They'd probably just use it to buy up armies and navies for tyrants who oppress and reign with blood and horror or some shit.
he’s not happy with me
Too bad they neve added a SC-00-BY unit to accompany him
Beat my second wife cuz obviously she put the evil eye on my first wife
I loved [NAME] as much as anyone but he started to become really inconsistent in his final stretch here before he ended up in Charlotte.
Guys it's a dril tweet, false alarm
I don’t like [NAME] As I love the 2nd amendment Can we stop him ?
Who cares about the Super Bowl anymore. Can't wait to check out this XFL league...
(Also, excuse my writing, it's late)
@BigLepley @angela31694996 @TheIndigoArrow Want to start a biker gang together when the GTA Online Biker DLC comes out?
Welp, my bad. Searched for "new year" and didn't see this so posted.
OH MY [NAME]
It has been a good snow and bad avalanche season in the rockies. Haha, thin and tight, just how i like‘em.
They agreed to collect supplies at 8–9 a.m., but all slept in till noon. When woken, they demanded things and rioted if not given. There aren’t enough workers to serve them!
A voice from below begged, pleaded to be unburied.
[NAME] ain't all that. Sorry.
RIP [NAME], you were a sweet girl. It's been over 10 years but I still miss you.
Sorry for your loss 😣
Tight competition down there. Tanking for the bottom worse is tougher than getting home court advantage.
Tu eres very nice man
You are a human, because of off-by-one error*. THIS IS A GOOD ~~BOT~~ FELLOW HUMAN.
Idk some dudes think a girl needs an ass full of cellulite to be considered thick.
@funkxwidme only #true #depression #fans will get this one 😂😂 #true #depression #fans
Well RES shows I'm responsible for +113 of that so...you're welcome lol.
I've never heard of this place. I know what we are doing next time we're up there!
Totally. I'd be happy if they put the food directly into my hands.
😵 when 😤 mommy 🤨 gets 👀 the 🤔 🅱️endies 😫 just 🔥🔥🔥 right 👌
That was the longest final minute I've ever seen
Hey everybody we got us an optimist here.
Thank you...next
Doesn’t this just prove she has no sense of right or wrong? Her behavior’s been consistent all along.
Consider this a digital hug. Not too long, not too short, just enough to make you feel a human connection and some comfort. :)
The bowl on my new food processor broke, @Cuisinart. #sadness. #sadness
unfortunately there is no start over button. this is our one wonderful wild life.
@thehill George H. Establishment is unhappy Trump's campaign branded his son low-energy, but he could not have beaten the others either.
If I say 6:45 they tell me at 8:00 that they’re not coming :(
@msdhoni #dhoni bcoz of is calmness nd match winning  finishers nd a proud #miltirian #dad#husband nd wonderful humanbeing nd his #smile #dhoni #miltirian #dad #smile
What exactly do you personally think that meme is saying, please point back to the meme for each argument you make.
Yes!!! He was my #2 choice. Love this hire so much and we don’t have a coach with a sketchy past #2
I don't wear panties. You'll need to describe the sensation.
I'm at 133 wins. I'll probably try to get 17 more since I'm so close and they eextendedthe season, but it seems kinda meh
They obviously sent the funds to Binance because they didn't want them to get hacked on some shady exchange like Cryptopia.
The contempt from [NAME] in these threads lately is seriously disappointing.
There’s still time mate - be careful!
i feel like slapping /s after everything sucks the fun out. it's not my fault people are autistic.... /s
Exceptions prove rules
Random question but has your username ever actually worked lmao
[NAME] was their best player
They were pretty hysterical about [NAME]. Certainly surpassed by [NAME] hysteria though.
My favorite one that you’ve made so far haha Great work
We are not making the lead of our big budget action movie half dog!
You'd be surprised how meaningful life is when it actually has a purpose like "survival".
figured it out
"joke's on you, I was only pretending"
Confirmed, word added to Oxford dictionary in 2022. Now to spread the word and get it into general circulation so that this can happen. [NAME].
Quite surprised I wasn’t on there
[NAME], my eyes are hurting from how furiously they're rolling in my sockets right now.
But how can a [NAME]?
My partner and I have 17 years between us! Best and healthiest relationship I have been in :)
Need a new outlet for #rage #rage
Where did I say that happened? Lmao most of my friends are single for the record. Quit jumping to conclusions.
You'd better get to work then! See you in 10 years!
Thank [NAME] for the disclaimer you almost tricked me justin
I was thinking 1-2 in each eye might stop the threat, but if I'm being honest I'd be worried about the ensuing legal struggle...
My legs felt sluggish, my calves were burning, my right foot was pinched, and I couldn't settle into my typical breathing pattern.
Way braver than me. Hope you have a great night. Cheers!
That's awesome. Hahaha
We will pray for your conversion and for those who misspoke for the church. Keep at it. The fact that you’re here means something wonderful.
Sleep tight [NAME]!
I adjusted to the noise inside my head, and in turn, my inner need to analyze and obsess died out.
>an absolute cuck Only a cuck would use that unironically so yeah probably
Ok this makes more sense now.
Life long fear of havin a shit and a spider crawls up ya bum
People like you is also why no players want to play and stay in Orlando
Sometimes the best motivations come from 'proving them wrong' #energy #relentless #MotivationalQuotes #energy #relentless #motivationalquotes
Terrible ending. The higher the hype, the deeper the disappointment. Skipped through mid-late episodes, quit at Ep.35. The righteous characters were portrayed like fools.
He is and will be irrelevant. No worries.
Never switched up, stayed down this the same person since day one.
I also relate (and regret)
Lmao I have like 12 days played cop farming who even does that anymore oh my [NAME] you’re pathetic for even bringing up ages
DO YOU HAVE YOUR PASSPORT
Yeah I love all of my little rejects. They keep my wife warm when I've got a night shift.
Need good vibes for my doctors appointment tomorrow! #nervous #nervous
Oh [NAME] I love [NAME]!
If you're smearing shit between your cheeks merely from standing might I suggest you take a wider stance when popping and maybe get some more fibre in your diet
I never knew how, but I often get in situation where I find myself with 2 tops on me (and mostly not on dating sites)
I struggle to make out the images my eyes begin to pick up.
The fact that [NAME] was not mentioned in this thread confuses and upsets me.
I spent like 6 hours overnight browsing the top posts here when I decided to check it out I hate how much I can relate
I really wish my husband could get his sleeping disorder under control.
*OOH* *AH* *OW*
They tend to loosen up a bit when drunk, and can seem pretty cheerful.
No way we would turn down [NAME] for [NAME]. BS
Oh really? I didn’t know someone else posted it haha Edit: just looked and someone posted it right after me
Mood : Happy 🙂 #blessing #blessing
Ah well, that'll do it. Thanks for the clarification. Should have been obvious really...
But I hate trannies and feminsts owo
I know, i read that previous post. Im just worried about your parrot getting injured because of that woman :/
Wow. Uh...good luck.
You were shot by a Vigilante!
Unless they’re narcissistic. Then gray rock the hell out of them and good luck!
why is this guy assuming the teen is some kind of southern pro slavery hick
He looked so shlubby on that show, it was like he was the [NAME] version of [NAME].
It was really beautiful but being half asleep I didn't want to wake up anymore and so I kept dozing in and out of sleep watching the sunrise for a few moments before closing my eyes again and drifting off to sleep.
Contentedness is something I think we're all striving for. I'm glad it's happening for you, even if just for a moment :)
Decide to stop being afraid. To just stop. What are you now free to do?\n\n#brave #free #honest #healthy #happy #life #living #optimism #love #free #honest #healthy #happy #life #living #optimism #love
My meme coins are starting to hit the 70% growth range from the beginning of the month. I'm feeling bullish.
> Probably because the guy gets violent because of his ~~ego~~ **fragile sexuality** FTFY
Amazing detail with the hot dog in the virgins hand.
Oh [NAME] 😍
It is a very common verbal tic among tri-state Italian-American women of that generation and older. It takes me back to my old babysitter so vividly.
guidance? she needs to go to makeup bootcamp.
Unite us. Unite the clans.
What type of migraine do you think it is? Hope you get better soon
I sure do.
i understand that means i will have no luck for compensation
Why are all of these people leaving Blizzard??? D: It's giving me a frighten!
very interesting hill to die on
Same. But the 21 point lead drew me in.......who knew you can lose by double digits leading by that much.
Wish he'd upload more 😪
Oh man, dream date right there. Zoo then sushi?? Yes please.
"...And what do I find out?! There is no [NAME]. This whole team is a god damn ghost town!"
What crap An issue with developing on byte ball is that no one knows what the bloody hell byte ball is
I got an instant win. One free chicken strip. 😂🙄
I have a feeling this is 99.9% of us.
More like the in-law that nobody likes.
@iamnotatwit Or did I lie and cut 5 years off my age to be young and spry and hire-able in Hollywood? #thegoldbergs #thegoldbergs
my leg is painful...... this time i got bought a lot of new cloths... my bro also... shoe is like normal one.
Girl said yaaassss
I’m sorry but I don’t think you do
Can't remember how many times i died there. Death is easy if you keep spamming holy water in the corner
This one is by [NAME] !! Good suggestion, relates to me lmao
#India right of reply at #UNGA - #Pakistan preaching of human rights is by a country which is itself the global epicentre of  #india #unga #pakistan
That’s a lot of damage
As sure as gods got sandals, it sure beats fighting dudes with treasure trails
Why is there no equivalent sub for the wimminfolk (and anyone else who cares to join) to oogle in?
i kind of bawled my eyes out at the end; i warn you, it is highly depressing!
Thank you. 😀
This is such an obvious attempt to stir drama — using hashtags to drag innocent people down. Your thirst for KPIs is glaring. We respect all musicians — stop twisting one clip for malicious smear!
Thank goodness for that!
And there you have it, the left who argue with personal attacks and cnn buzzwords.
It's an Albany expression
Seconded! [NAME] is gorgeous.
It's interesting how you're actually using type logic here.
You'll like this then:
You guys are a problem.
This team will never win another super bowl with the current coaching staff. That’s my leveled emotional viewpoint
I believe this would still be a ticket if someone else sees you.
Hot damn... we're going to Sea World!
...? /u/iBiteYou I think he's finally gone crazy
Verify yourself already or we will continue to "spit negativity"
Eh, loser. It’s sad how some people don’t care about their relatives.
Guy across from me in a really ugly suit cannot stop expressing his displeasure
Ouh shittt my dad is also going to be surprised
BUT WHY DOES SHE DO A FULL FACE/EYE LOOK THEN SKIP THE MASCARA?!?!! This has been driving me nuts.
Dude, just keep killing her with kindness. She's the one that looks bad, not you.
Lets just say I'm hopeful! Don't die on me [NAME].
Oh sorry. To clarify, I was wondering if I should mention that I am more than willing to help her if need be.
My life is going downhill at an alarming rate
My foot was tingling for sometime afterwards but the pain was mostly gone and there was no more grinding sensation.
Oh sorry I didn’t realize that journalists weren’t actually autonomous humans that can think for themselves.
OH [NAME] I CAN'T TELL ANYMORE!
Nothin worse that doin the smooth criminal to be able to piss in the toilet
Each day is what you make of it! #goals #challenges #business #goals   #success #photographer #photography #ThursdayThoughts #goals #challenges #business #goals #success #photographer #photography #thursdaythoughts
So depressing that it's darker so much earlier now
We were rumored to love [NAME] last year, so maybe we are interested in an athletic TE like that.
The EU's 'red lines' are in treaty and legislation. The UK's red lines are just May's opinions, they could disappear in two minutes.
Awesome!! Also, I have those same markers!
Defense that's why
You progressively lose more of your money!
As quick as possible? I wish. 2 hours and 9 minutes I will never get back
We see ruins; old Beichuan residents see their loved ones and homes.
County housing prices over 10,000? How are people supposed to live? Show us the average salary in these counties… Collect more useful data — if there’s no news, just don’t publish anything.
I literally have more friends on HOTS than WOW. Wow is deader than hots.
I love democracy.
Thanks. That makes me feel a little less lazy and a little more responsible
After 3 idk why I start feeling so depress, sad and lonely.
The headwind down this piece of road was not good, I had my head down, not good for talking in as much oxygen as I could.
There’s nothing wrong with 5’1 in my eyes :v and why exactly do you believe you’re ugly?
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @arbitraryvlog #lively #musically #lively #musically
Wow, you probably live in a messed up place.
Holy fuck, that save was on what was essentially a wide open net
And oof for the red car
@washingtonpost @silvajanes How awful!!!!!!
This sub has two rules dude, how could you miss #1 #1
If I were her I would've opened the car door and properly petted the obviously good boy
@SportingTommo @ASFCofficial no doubt we are going to struggle this year. But moments like that from Payet take the sting out of it.
my wasp sting is so itchy
Hold off a bit, Dallas is in a big time housing bubble, wait for it to pop, then strike
There's also a massive pile of newspapers in his front yard!
THANK YOU!
Because what you described is the definition of the job.
So so good
Luckily I never got sucked into Overwatch, because I know if I had I would definitely have an unhealthy amount of playtime racked up.
im so sorry you had to go trougth that. it's a shame people are so stupid to deny someone the attention they need becouse their gender.
Yea I saw that...had me worried for a sec but I had no trouble at Delta
Making a woman feel uncomfortable is harassment and trying to flirt without a sign of interest just makes women uncomfortable
Been to 54 countries at age 34. No debts, ever. Aiming for retirement in my early 40's. Life is good.
I love how their comparing [NAME] one shtick (not including highlighter) to the comedy skills of queens with actual performance talents.
Bit too left for me lol
I hate it when im singing and some idiot thinks they can just join in with me like...this is not fcking glee #MeanRikonaBot #meanrikonabot
@NancyPelosi Don't you mean Bush...no Trump...no Bush #giggles #hipocrite #Liar #TroubleMaker #AntifaSupporter #giggles #hipocrite #liar #troublemaker #antifasupporter
That's that frequency dying in your ears. Enjoy it, because you will never hear that exact frequency again
HELL YES !! [NAME] where you at
Reminds me of "This Be The Verse", haha.
I'm so racist and self important I refuse to braid this girls hair
..... wakes up and says 'have you tried changing her nappy?' 😡👊🏼 #rage!!!! #rage
Uh eat less than you burn per day. Eat a lot of protein.
@DiscordianKitty He has charisma? I guess, if you like people who looked coked out and speak as if they're a school bully?
Anyone else stressed out because [NAME] is not next to [NAME]... no? Ok, me neither
I heard not too long ago that they had homophobic ads too. They also play multiple ads through a 10 minute video which irritates me.
If that’s your experience then fair enough but I couldn’t have a more disparate experience.
Quote_Soup: Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything.
Easy on the Granville Island gatekeeping amigo. Its absolutely a tourist destination.
I appreciate this. I don't think I've given up on teaching entirely. I will try to survive!
I like how the squirrel play dumb when the cat is watching it. And then Boom!
Sorry, I’m just so hungry right now
Yep! And the buns seemed so much fresher then. Last time I went, years ago, it was terribly disappointing.
Don’t mind him. His post history is full of portion size complaints.
His other book was interesting, The Age of EM
I really hope that this guy becomes the next u/back2worksoon on Meme Monday
[NAME] is the greatest player to ever pick up a basketball
I'm genuinely curious how Russia's vested interest in South Africa will have any impact on the way that Russian news reports on SA
You are right.. There something to be said after banging both your mom and gf while they are on the rages.
one month til someone's bday and i think it's time to flaunt that I got them something pretty awesome
my little abomination
Yeah, was just very smoky with very burned ribs. I went and got teriyaki to console myself.
I love all the cast in the later seasons, but the [NAME] relationship in seasons 2-4 are prime.
I tried to keep my hands washed and be very careful around the kids.
@sophtulig I personally prefer being happy.
Thanks for the info, appreciate it.
Haha it’s funny cuz I’m 17 and still doing these haha...
Weirdly enough that's my favorite part of his videos: the ending sting/title card It reminds me of old school racing and fighting games with those over-the-top announcers
Interesting that despite not having absolute views you are absolutely all over here pushing the view it's [NAME] that's the problem
>All men cheat, you might as well get cheated on by a rich man! Kudos on the level of misanthropy.
Thank you :)
thanks for the recap
He’s so cute! How do you get to hang out with him? I’ve never seen him the times I went to visit.
Peeps poisoned our water supply, burned our crops, and delivered a plague unto our houses!
But all-Korean teams don't always do the best in OWL/Contenders, look at Outlaws v. Seoul, etc...
Worst president ever.
Jeans with fake pockets #horrible #horrible
I really relate to this.
Can't believe @haven ring my parents NOW when they go tomorrow to say no disabled washing facility for my wheelchair bound dad #shocking #shocking
The iPhone 14 just launched a month ago, and rumors of iPhone 15 already? What do you think this is, childbirth? You can’t just pop one out!
Why thank you, fellow citizen of the Imperium. I shall now submit to the Inquisition for re-education.
When mum comes home and I realise it's hug time
@elebelfiore Isn't it always about control and mistrust?
Have either of you or anyone else in your newsroom faced personal threats because of your work on this project?
Director, these activities of yours basically amount to free physical training, fine motor lessons, sensory integration, natural science, general knowledge, and social skills courses.
Did he actually have anything planned or...
Argh. The most stupid and needless abuse of power teachers do. Some particularly stupid ones at least.
@yellowsuburbia really?? after so long that's shocking tbh
Wow, this is terrifying.
Whats wrong with removing illegal immigrants?
Get a card that says “Sorry about your loss” on the front, then on the inside write “It’s me. I quit”.
Chattel slavery is uniquely different from other types of forced labour and indenture.
Congratulations - you're truly a [NAME] now.
awesome!!!! I believe in you!!!!!
That’s an insult!! To fecal matter.
My venomous snake story is less awesome but the end result is the same:
Exactly right about throwing $23M at Donaldson. I mean, are we going for it this year or not? Mixed signals...
Maybe because those are real, tangible things and not lines of code
i hope this comes back to haunt you, then maybe you would know just how it felt to be like me at my lowest
You've been a sad boi around here for the last week straight, you'd do well to take a break.
I don't even understand stuff is going on, I just laugh and hope it's at the right time.
Absolutely brutal.
Though we never met, I teared up seeing the coffin lifted—welcome home, hero.
No. And not near as much as a gun lol
Glad I could help!
Yeah I really don’t think the GOP can hang on in MN.
When did it all started? All these depression &amp; anxiety shits?All these suicide thoughts?All of these bad thoughts thts hugging me at night?
Man I wish that was a real sub
No, I'm anti racism.
I understand that the fear that you will need to have surgery is very upsetting. But, there is no legal case here.
No, I generally feel like slugging them in the head repeatedly with an iron bar. Spitting is just petty. *Let your hatred flow!*
I just got the zc and season pass for bo3 and have only played solo. Loving the game though.
Just don’t bother. Let them have their hateful circle jerk. When they lock eyes while coming, that’s their favorite.
This could be me without medication. My baby won’t sleep unless I hold her right now, it suuuuuuuucks.
These are the kinds of dudes that gillette ad is talking about.
They check out the whole house and say it's clear to go back inside.
Oh come on mom..it's 2019.
You know we can see your post history, right? Orange fan sad.
And dedmon is expiring. So he likely would have walked for nothing. Huge win
The worst is working with dealerships
You don’t have AIDS. Put those silly condoms away!
Same. I thought the lady was gonna cut their head/hand off by accident lol
POINTER!!!!!! YOU DA REAL ALL STAR!!!
I know you will make her proud. always appreciate your parents they won’t be here forever ❤️
@TheOneSoleShoe You're doing a terrible job exemplifying the values you espouse. Yesterday you lamented losing a generation of voters...
Yes, definitely classy. <rolls eyes>
Did [NAME] funnel money to any paramilitaries?
I mean, is that really a guilty pleasure? It sounds like the coolest thing I have ever heard.
I you use a /s .... Don’t know what to say to you m8...
Mafia meme...?
[NAME] can hug them too.
If you sit back, watch &amp; listen to every .@TheDemocrats &amp; .@DNC member, you'll quickly learn it's #Victimhood, #racism, &amp; #hatred. I'm #WOKE #victimhood #racism #hatred #woke
The Olympics need reform — rules shouldn’t always be dictated by the West. What fairness is there when judges rule by personal bias?
I'm so nervous and scared jfnsnzmz
I work with food - being able to eyeball tbs for recipes is an odd perk I never thought about. Thank you.
Oh I love me some winter depression
1 goal doesn’t make up for the point you lost us [NAME]
You can stay home if you want, but others need to earn a living. Saying something like that — you’re just asking to be called out.
I may be mistaken but I believe it’s illegal to fly over the north and south poles for any aviator
same, just found it interesting and sent it so people could see.
my knees are banged to shit tho.
yes, agreed.
why is @Iongroadhome so aesthetically pleasing every single day they're even pretty when they just woke up, when they're tired, just. always
As someone who's had whooping cough as an adult I will physically beat down anyone who says that especially about their kids
Just watched The Pass on Netflix--really great movie, but not exactly a feel-good time...
I am loving this exchange. At first I felt really really insecure that my sister and I are best friends and now I realize this person is ridiculous.
HYS is the worst Internet comments section. It makes Youtube comments look like Gardeners Question Time.
Oh you just love to see that
Right back at ya! Also love the username!
This version of mass destruction is by far my favorite
@FOXTV did you use the warblers set from glee on the @BONESonFOX episode about the acapella college kids?
Your mom is putting actual effort into having a relationship with you, you insufferable donut.
Thanks. I want to travel the world but have no reasonable way of affording it.
Not written for African-American\n\nNo refuge could save the hireling and slave\nFrom the terror of flight or the gloom of the grave,
Ah didn’t know what that term meant. Got bored with all the party terminology. But yes, I guess I am.
I don’t set an alarm I naturally wake around 4am. Love my mornings.
Fake smile always gives dopamine/happiness to deal with stress
You have to sneak up on the flame by approaching slowly.
Makes sense. Real 3rd-4th tier cities earn pitifully low — who invented “under ten thousand” as normal? Thought with their toes? Under 5k is reality! “Those high above, fed by the state, blind to common hardship” — beware the fall.
>Found out that **my** [NAME] Oh, I get it. You've caught the scent of a lesser stag in your nostrils. Pity!
He could have easily taken a real camera from a legitimate source and change the price in Word/Photoshop and then print it out.
Having sex with a child in the room is often difficult and boring.
As someone who is dairy intolerant (milk is in _everything _!!) this veganuary is awesome :D
There is no Mrs [NAME]. Unless you count his sister.
I don’t know about romance, but I can certainly speak for the [NAME]
@partydelightsUK it's 5679787. Cannot DM you as we don't follow each other. Not such a #delight #party #fail #letdown #delight #party #fail #letdown
Somewhere I rd a rpt tht Pakis wr afraid of TSD &amp; asked it 2 shut dn. Congis obliged &amp; exposed it,hounded them.time to revive. #BadlaofUri #badlaofuri
@Toucherandrich there was a US diver named steele johnson. i'd like him barred from the olympics.
Just rip my heart out and stomp that sucker flat.
They didn't "say" anything this time either. This is where observation and critical thinking comes in. I trust you can figure it out.
I love how he calls himself a "decent man" and the other guy a "douche" even though he's the one who wants to fight him
You're not really pissing anyone off. Mostly we just pity you.
I mean that’s a stupid rule that creates an echo chamber, but I don’t see how that belongs here.
I also have a boner!
I would absolutely claim it and yell that my Auntie was looking for it.
Why not $1 million per hour muhahahah
They wanted to hit the international domestic market. They're setting up Arcade systems now, they're currently in beta.
Don't make me cry...P.S. Happy cake day!
`` The dead elf that lives in my head. ''
He's also unfathomably rapid.
Thank you. Let's see if it does :)
Yeah I’m so envious of [NAME] right now...
Then it was effectively them pissing on your territory. Same with the bed. They don’t get to pass the threshold again!
First impressions don't need more then a day. Not to Mention 10 raids and tons of pvp I'll be fine.
oh thats nasty!
My mom is the one who posts these, and it isn't a surprise to me.
Well, it's been fun. Time to quit YT.
I didn’t think it was possible for one Twitter account to be so obnoxious, but here it is.
gloomy days should just be for high cuddles and movies
National Day’s 7 days off? I only get 6, then work 8 straight. If it’s 9 days off, I’ll probably work even more after.
@LBC_Charlotte just watched you on the great wall #hilarious 😆 #hilarious
DONT BE NEEDY. TALK TO OTHER GIRLS.
Ohhhh Thank you! I just found them!
Our volume of immigration does not mean it is easy to get in. The bar is very high and there are many applicants.
unrelated, but i love your flair
SDAs are [RELIGION] tho lol
Get some help with your decision. Maybe your church or some non-profit group in your area can talk you through it. Good luck! Keep us updated.
[NAME]? Hahha. He'll bring in the 22nd century.
I have nothing to say to you.
I remember bringing it to my kindergarten class once to watch on a movie day.
It just seems extremely insensitive to say that. That’s the real problem. It invalidates the other person’s suffering.
Surely, you can't be serious!
It's more laid back, which I kinda love.
There isn't a paradox. If there is one, it is badly described.
Okay thank you! Is there any word on when it's coming to live build?
I always imagined they would be really easy to refuel, for obvious reasons. I never had the chance though.
courage the cowardly dog is like american horror story for kids
I really love how he just flung out "dead mum" on the offhand chance your mum was actually dead. High risk, high reward.
Time to get new friends. This one clearly doesn’t appreciate you for who you are.
I like to think [NAME] is finishing the school year before coming back home.
I would love to know why you think it's awful advice!
This sub is filled with bitterness.
He’s been in power for years and gays being murdered in Chechnya isn’t new.
*Emotionally* we're winning 10-0
life is hard., its harder if ur stupid #life #love #sadness #sadderness #moreofsad #howdoestears #whatislife #life #love #sadness #sadderness #moreofsad #howdoestears #whatislife
I’m pretty sure someone once said the name [NAME] and the word pig appear the same number of times as well... how would u respond.
My ex-boyfriend was just a horrible liar.
I want my diamonds as bright as my future
Looks pretty dope.
He should file a civil rights complaint. This is a clear case of discrimination against someone with a mental disability.
I know a dozen local school administrators. What the hell are you talking about?
It grew louder and was soon joined by a field of light angling out above my head and over the chasm.
Follow your gut instinct. You will be ok. You are young and have a bright future.
You might be able to google earth it? I dont know that area very well so I cant help at all. But thats what I would try.
Same philosophy makes women stay with men who beat them daily
came here to say this. i've watched it through more than five times at this point. one of my absolute favorites.
I feel like I already knew, I just needed to have someone else tell me to really open up my eyes. Thank you for your comment
Had a great time at Skywalkers open gym tonight! Come our every Wednesday from 7-8 in Hillsboro and train with us! #opengym  #tumbling #opengym #tumbling
That was so sad. And she kept calling for mommy the whole time. Then they ditched her with grandma.
If my team lost like that, I’d definitely be very upset. Just hard to see it.
Goose don’t give a fuck
Anyone who fell for the Lonzo hype from the beginning should slap themselves.
Can't imagine voluntarily looking through those photos.
Now “maliciously demanding pay” is a thing? Everyone knows which industries overwork — except labor bureaus? Remember Foxconn suicides? No accountability?
Unrelated, but no way N’keal [NAME] goes that high
her section at the tate museum is amazing
If I see this gif one more time, I’m going to lose it
Thanks! I’ll take that into account in the future!
Thanks! We had fun.
Punchy is Life <3
I report them still as residences and attach a Google Street view screenshot and note that it's nothing at all
Why are you so salty? Who hurt you?
Still waiting to see if my @london2012track will make an appearance next week - two months today it was ordered #shocking #badservice #shocking #badservice
Oop my bad
Goddamn headache. #anger #anger
> Ditch the drugs, especially the acid. Nothing wrong with occasional psychedelics, but my god dont do acid with these guys
Everyone’s ageing on here like the milk my flatmate left on the kitchen counter over the holidays
Haven’t you read the news? The central policy is dynamic zero-Covid, yet you incite reopening — what’s that about?
I was just joking...
i can't believe they're all messing up my favourite of all bakes i feel personally offended
Thats not even compareable, for one epic made NONE of these games except fortnite. Please explain how third party exclusives within the same platform should exist.
For the sake of football and this sub everyone wants [NAME] to win
From my point of view the freefolk are evil
This will get lost but whatever, Nobody fucking believes me.
In that I should not have posted it or it's just really blatant
Let's say some gangsta is messing with your fly girl. You just givem one of these....
So [NAME] doesn't do the social media anymore? Is the NSP stuff enough without a GG salary now?
Imagine her conversation at the dinner that night: oh how was my day. Nothing special, disarmed armed robber.
Some Mexican ladies irritate the fuck outta me. Have a their own lil preschool of fucking kids for the welfare &amp; allllat smh.
I’ve been wandering Haizhu streets nearly three days. Can’t reach hotlines 12345 or 12320; 110 said it’s not their job. The subdistrict refused housing, kept changing their story. Stranded with a red home-quarantine code—they even locked me 14 hours in a storeroom, no toilet.
OK, is there a crossover between herb and spice in your language (Norwegian?) I was confused by 'North American Provence spice'.
I love my Arabian but I have found the golden turkmen to be my more go to horse.
Also, the Detroit Police Underwater Recovery Team is a thing that I want to learn more about...
Needs another "hockey feels hard at the moment" and a game against Dallas after that.
I remember when reddit's default subs suddenly turned from [NAME] to [NAME] in a day.
I would love a gatling gun arm like Barret from FF7 has.
I’m to scared to tell them :(
“Facts don’t care about your feelings” is also a good one to chuck back at them.
Its like a dream, flying through my head.
That's literally how all fighting games are.
They earned it — envy won’t get you there. But you’re amazing too! You’re the brightest star in my heart.
How is ot unreasonable. You take responsebility for what you breed. This natalist perversion is disgusting. The product didnt fail you. You failed the product.
Downtown LA has some great Spanish/Hispanic clubs that play great [NAME] music. You should try La Cita, Las Perlas, or Las Cañas. All great clubs/venues.
I didn't know they made phone calls ...
okay, enjoy living in ignorance and hatred
He provided links above.
[NAME] is always late to meetings
Thought he dislocated his shoulder at first
It used its claws to tear my living room couch to shreds.
Catch him in the act. SPIDER-MAN WITH HIS HANDS IN A COOKIE JAR.
is [NAME] also running as democrat?
David Gilmour's biggest compliment? B.B. King asked him after a gig if he was born in Mississippi #pinkfloyd #theblues #davidgilmour #blues #pinkfloyd #theblues #davidgilmour #blues
thats the future right there, robots trying to help but destroying your whole home in the process.
Of all of the fan-favorites from each city, [NAME] being the fan-favorite confuses and annoys me most. Her headlines are becoming insufferable.
@cxmbeferre so you WOULDNT date me????? #offended #offended
(While I love this moment, she wasn’t a judge, she was an inspirational guest.)
same here OP, reading some of these stories makes me want to hug my DM for being a decent human being as well as a solid DM
I thought it was something about the dog not smelling your drugs, but now i'm just sad that you didn't get to pet it :(
Ah! I couldn’t remember his name!
10 life hacks you didn't know you needed in your life
Oof that hurt
Go away [NAME]....
today afghanistan tell us where the terrorism is planned whaaaooo#UNGA
I reallllly loved the show. It disturbed me a lot, definitely. But I want more now.
I can even lift my arms above my head.
It's bad enough when the Jocasta syndrome is one-sided. This is a pile of yikes.
do you promise?
Mmmm might go have one sometime!
I went out to my vehicle when changing tables were not available.
She looks like a [NAME].
Because the Wizards play much much better without [NAME], thats why, they have won their last 3 games, all against playoff teams
Congrats! That could not have been an easy step to take, so I'm so happy it's been a positive experience.
He who is affected by an insult is infected by it.
Never make a #decision when you're #angry and never make a #promise when you're #happy. #wisewords #decision #angry #promise #happy #wisewords
HOW DOES ONE CONTACT [NAME] TO PRESENT THEIR FIRSTBORN FOR ONE?!?!?!
Be honest with her... or put her on a pedestal just high enough to see up her dress... ;)
I immediately love your owner. Those guests sucked, but seriously your owner is awesome.
You got whooshed fair and square. Take your medicine.
This is the most scary [NAME] can ever be to me, cause it’s also the most real he could ever be 😂
The true perk is "knowing all the good local spots"
[NAME] thanks. I hope it works but i have a suspicious feeling that she hates me
Sending love. I am so sorry you are going through this
I hate they way he says "ssssshit"
Any weaving subreddits you'd recommend?
@followAdamA looking back on recent tweets seen, this one right here is great #perfect #hilarious #Speechless #deal #perfect #hilarious #speechless #deal
Me IRL :(
It's more like the western world is infuriated that a non-democratic Asian republic is on the trajectory to becoming the leading superpower. Case in point ^
@KingJames @chrisbosh\n To good hearts I lost my job I'm Responsible 2 families My Information in profile even dollar if can’t just Re-tweet
@EurekaForbes U got to b kidding me. Anu from your firm responded  when I sent the contact details. #terrible #customerexperience #terrible #customerexperience
Honestly mate, highest I've got to is only 1623 but put me up against an axe or a cannon and I'm just dead.
Hello fellow Nashville Lions Fan!!!
i used to do this a lot when i was younger lmao glad to see my vision wasnt just mine
yeah while i cant even leave the house without being an anxious mess, let alone interact with anyone...
used to be some rowdies in phx, hope people are putting together a response to this...
Probably scared they’re gonna get flashed by a camera.
This time the fever won’t go away — both my daughter and I. Paracetamol and ibuprofen don’t help — just burning hot.
[NAME] seems like such a quality guy
That's spot on, except for the "it does matter" part.
Singapore’s XBB wave was milder than BA.5. XBB or XBB.1.5 reinfections in China likely won’t exceed current peaks. Also note the months between Singapore’s BA.5 and XBB waves — don’t copy foreign data blindly; China’s spread is always beyond imagination.
How about this, you can be the "bigger man" and the rest of us will bask in the tears of saints fans.
I love rock music but I enjoy draft punk too.....*feels bad man*
oh, my bad
That's just a tad frosty. I'm ready to ice skate to work on thursday amsterdam style.
He forgot the most important law : Everyone can be stupid, and everyone will be at some point. Although he does illustrate it very well with his article.
Thank you for that. My gf jumped right next to me! 😂😂😂
Man at this point I'd be happy with just a few non-sweeps.
Is that the one that accuses [NAME] and [NAME] Rector as well?
[NAME] deserves to play for a proper club ffs.
woah ok metallica didnt do shit to metal. Think about Black Sabbath, MotorHead or judas preist but fuck man, metallica suck lol
Ok, but ignoring negative shit is literally how populists like [NAME] and [NAME] got elected. Its dangerous.
Good deeds don't buy off being shitty. This is why [NAME] is remembered as a monster.
Opiates make me puke and so do babies. Where the science there? Babies are just nasty
This is why bars should have poly nights. It would be nice to be in a room of like minded people, maybe they will talk to me.
I do this all the time and I have honestly never noticed.
Why are you making questionable jokes at work? Unless you work in a comedy club, it really aint the place.
Look how pretty she is. YES QUEEN YESSSSSSS
Thanks for the laugh lol
This is the noise I make in my girlfriend’s ear while y’all are still scared to moan
She’s a genius! And a goddess. And a queen.
Heard they sleep till 2-3 pm, then demand supplies they fancy, want volunteers to deliver free, 200 ¥ stipend each, and rent waived — ridiculous.
Cheers!!
It's actually pretty fun, or it would be if it would run properly...
What’s crazy is when [NAME] came back [NAME] played him down the stretch instead of [NAME], [NAME] seems fed up with [NAME].
Could be wrong though.
“The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy...”\nZephaniah 3:17
It was cool so we put it on the phone, they’re blown away that I haven't slept in for months.
What in the fuck? Now is garbage!
My best friends driving for the first time with me in the car #terrifying #terrifying
Shoot i posted this in the wrong place. Here you are several sources. Happened last summer.
Hard agree it’s sooo creepy. I hope she’s ok that man had serial killer written all over him.
She’s his problem now.
Hot damn! Thankfully only a bump to the head.
...and? 20 year olds aren't incapable of not being hypocritical shit-stirrers?
i hope you get fired or rejected from your job for some stupid arbitrary reasons, maybe then you'll wise the fuck up
Itll happen. Im 36 and i think i finally found the one last year 🤞
At 12:01, Tumblr became sentient. At 1.:02, Tumblr posted gn animated gif about it. At 12:03, Tumblr shipped itself.
We should move our business to India. I’d rather see us work with a flawed democracy than an outright police state.
They’re disgusting people inside and out
@imjustatrankk awe yay wish i could rt /:
Love the headline though
People need to relax. [NAME] as the 5th starter is fine. Look at his road splits. Limit his starts at home.
My birthday is in March, so that MK11 Beta access is also going to be awesome.
They can try to do that for as long as they want, doesn't change the fact that 2/3rds of players still chose him over [NAME].
Kind of surprised that /r/popping is not listed yet.
I was hoping this would be a case of r/maliciouscompliance It was close.
Just caught up with @RichardEGrant's wonderful new series on #EalingComedies. Infectious delight in every interview and film clip. #ealingcomedies
If you can go home, you’re not in a medium/high-risk zone… Those areas are all locked down — who could leave anyway… ε=(´ο｀*))) sigh!!!
Good job on 112 bro
@RealBD_ @ReyesAverie 47 unarmed blacks killed by white cops in 2015. That many die every month in Chicago wheres the #outrage #outrage
Needs funny captions.
Because the people pushing the myth are either willfully ignorant or outright malicious.
I LOVE your glasses! I have the same color but a slightly different shape but yours really suit your face! Also I'm jealous of your hair 🤷‍♀️
This is the same federal government that's been shut down for the last month?
That was a long read but it was worth it, good on you lot for sorting it out and winning the case
Please keep your head up, things get better, stay strong. :)
[NAME] has filled a speech bubble with savage roasts, froze it, and bashed [NAME] over the head with it. [NAME] has fucking died.
My first thought was, "What is a [NAME]?" Then I realized I was being dumb.
Y'all really out here supporting authoritarian Venezuelan dictators huh.
Sweet seats! You're lucky to have been there!
Let's be completely honest though it kinda doesn't
Uhh..class 4 is unknown dental class after 13th month without exam or no initial exam. *sorry*
You can do a blanket report for police to investigate. You don't have to say who you are.
I am truly sorry, I did not realise you thought immigration had no bearing on brexit. I shall not overestimate your intellectual abilities in future, i promise.
best part was him tearing apart his Real shirt while walking out
And their cats. IT loves kittens.
I’d like to add that it’s British slang. We also use ‘kiddy fiddler’.
I am serious, and don't call me [NAME].
Their orange chicken is the absolute fucking bomb. I love having it on top of a nice bed of rice and veggies :D
Thanks for the book recommendation!
Yeah I'm gonna do that....Thank you...she just doesn't like the feeling of condoms but i dont care need to put my foot down
“Don’t discipline my kid!”
Thank you so much! ♥️
I would like to thank this game for being over on time. :)
Good luck my friend!
Right. You can fix ignorant. You can’t fix stupid.
congrats. i'm broken rn but if I wasn't I'd be happy for you
I really enjoy “good life project” podcast by [NAME]
We invest in other countries, in 250, 500, and 1000 lb bombs. Look at all our investments fruition's!
Got married so I don't have to worry about it.
I don’t care about the first seed until a week or so before the all star cut off?
The problem they have is... They "knew" [NAME] would win.
I love the bus so much.
Wow, that's cool!
But man my stomach is in so much pain, it's hurts to poo.
Yeah, I realized from your comment that you don't agree with it, I was just being confused about how the other guy believes it.
No you shouldn’t. If you recieve income, it should be taxed.
It's a Mercedes. Take it in for an oil change, and it's an enormous bill.
Maybe you could put it in the context, which was responding to someone who claimed to have been blocked for political reasons.
Thanks, I hate moderation (you must get that joke a lot)
haha, actually haha
Didn't think Cadres not Getting SRC deployment would make some Cadres so bitter, Ku tough Macom.
The Button was amazingly fun. By far my favourite reddit memory.
Probably right, I could have mixed up the years or just misremembering
[NAME] in the Lego movie? Get outta here
The lack of fantasy nowadays is incredible.
So much confetti
I think it's a r/fuckyoukaren joke
yes. i hate being bored. it's the cause of much of my depression and anxiety.
Friend is gay, one of his freshman roommates tried to kill him by putting isopropyl alcohol in his vodka.
How is this the epitome of slavery? Nobody is forcing you to do this. Stop being dramatic.
Somewhat valid question, if he was 11 when the game came out then he can shut up yeah.
Wrong. You tried to use a WW2 example and it backfired on you.
As a killer main that sounds like bs, and makes me even more likely to treat 3v1 as a fun round
So Rangers v Celtic ll
Its distasteful to complain about male-dominated space like stem? **pearl clutching intensifies**
She won’t lose fans. If anything she’ll introduce her fans to this sound and give them a reason to love it.
But what if they have sons?
Well fucking said.
Maybe if we didn't choke to inferior teams we could've made the playoffs and done something about it. But of course, we didn't so.
Not your chair, not your problem. That's what I say.
Misery loves company. The church ought to be a place where it finds none.\n-Pastor Kris Theobald #joy  #joy
I'll make a note of this. Thanks!
>First of All, Nationalism ≠ Protectionsim. Excuse me, yes, it is. Capitalists believe in globalism.
I agree, Thats also how I felt when I visited Japan last year
Read decrease at first and thought "Oh boy, reddit is gonna love this one"
They've been banned. We'd like to start leaving up more comments though so that threads actually make sense. Capitalists will always be banned.
I wake up as a girl everyday. A girl with a penis, huge hands, hair like fucking everywhere, no tiddy, and an unwelcome boner.
That guy with the orange jacket looks so distraught. Feels bad man.
[NAME] is that you?
But that jumper looks hella cosy
It's as though it all melts away the moment you realize it's not true.
They're wrong, it was due to their natural wetland habitats being degraded & drying out.
I just simply cannot comprehend this otherly worldy hoodoo voodoo
I'm sure HMB Barbers at Nundah village will look after you
Maybe I’m cringe but I hate [NAME]
Yeah I'm a moderator there. I'll let you post anything there because I'm a nice mod.
Haha I was about to say damn she straight up eviscerated her in between bites.
Rule 10 is to make it clear that people who violate the spirit of the rules without breaking the letter will be punished in the same way.
Don't be so hard on yourself. Often, things need time. Don't beat yourself up over it.
SHE HAS NICE FEET!!!!
I’m really excited for this year! Especially the Wu Lin hero , I can’t wait to wield my double-handed jian😍😍
Lovely. If you have no success in finding a copy I'd be more than happy to post it to you.
I would love to know the Governor'sr's response to that line!
Ah, I remember you. You were mentioned on this subreddit before as a magnificent player.
@NessaMatthews he's perfect. But not even in that way where you sort of resent him or suspect that he leads a double life. Just perfect.
Having this issue as well it really does me in
“Deforestation” - The brilliance of this idea wont be obvious until the green mold starts to blossom on the bread. /s
Nothing to worry about. 4 inches is fine. You will do well because you are a nice guy.
If you want any hope of getting better, you must stop everything and anything with underage girls...forever
Ah, she's assuming none are women. We won't really know unless we ask, right?
I swear if he is drafted as a father son to Gold Coast, I wont be happy
Never would have thought about that
I can imagine this becoming a thing if Rare/Lego can team up
They don't want to date you, they want you as a furry sex toy
@jellzybean cheer up punkin'
The 2008 quake showed the PLA how crucial plateau-capable helicopters are! Z-20’s top priority is high-altitude performance.
@marisa_enbot Being with you makes me somewhat gloomy.
I have died so I know something you don’t.
I'd say more r/trashy than r/insanepeoplefacebook in my opinion
It's going to hit all of us but there it is : no deal. It's high time to accept reality.
What type would you classify House from House M. D.? (T. V. SHOW BUT OK
for a moment i got scared and wondered what was this doing here then i read the happy ending
Successful people always have two things on their lips #silence nd #smile smile to avoid problems nd silence to avoid the problems too #silence #smile
Such a nasty woman
No, they build their team the right way so they won't be trading for our "crap". We can dream though.
Quite enjoying this tbh
Seriously we haven't gotten a stop barely at all tonight.
As far as I know you can only get one RI in a day.
Picked up my new glasses. Does anyone else feel nauseous after getting a new prescription
He’s the boy who loves to the extreme, forever chasing wind and waves, full of passion — he deserves all the world’s best!
Making my buddy cry !! Bitch wait for revenge 🤗👌🏻
Bioavailability is poor without an emulsifier, this is not a practical method of administration.
The #sober equivalent of being in a #bar women's restroom is the #salon. Everyone compliments each other &amp; become friends. I love it #sober #bar #salon
Good things take time.
The murder rate in Venezuela has skyrocketed under [NAME] and [NAME]. It's probably best to leave.
FUCC WHOEVER DOUBTED DUNN
Wonder if her steel balls make the same sound, clanging together, when they're frozen?
I agree but I can’t force him.
Were there actually tunnels though? I’ve been there and it was just the lower part of the foundation
They’re so angry!
Did this a lot when I was a kid but never did it as bad as this
I know [NAME]. She's not that great. And you know her husband's in a wheelchair, right?
It’s a wonder [NAME] didn’t get more duis with the amount he needed to drink
Thank you!
@GigaFag @pipertownsend_ snapchat new would beg to differ
[NAME] is often regarded as strategically the worst Lord in the series because of this. [NAME]
Fuck yeah, I eighteenth this.
Which has me believing [NAME] will either be a package for a pitcher with CC’s recent health issue...or he will stay and switch positions.
What the fuck is that horrifying picture
Love that lane. It's like the best part of Rome.
He's on the z-axis wing
Ah it's too complicated, I'll start dating dudes instead.
We still visit both paternal and maternal sides — gather for New Year and birthdays. Distant relatives seldom keep in touch unless frequent. Only older generations who value traditions maintain those ties.
Just let your kid know you are disappointed in them and be done with it. Everyone will be better for it.
Oh I don't think so. I like AOTC and am looking forward to watching a 5 hour analysis of it.
The design was interesting. But it had a lot of flaws
Glad to see people actively calling out yet another asshole on here pretending to want to help people. Good show!
I met up with a woman who was 49. She reminded me of being old. That isn't attractive. Youth makes you feel alive.
The tutorial is small, has no networking, and is low in space. your answer.
At least there’s still more likes than dislikes
That’s good to know- thank you!
They have other sources as well, just think about yearly Umra and Haj income will be enough to maintain.
Since we've already established that we're talking about the present at this point and not the future, you can just pity the current generation of kids.
@wengzyjb I don't even know na naa koy beautiful nightmare hahahaha oks
Some of these fb comments and/or tweets should make some people realize why black Americans feel the way they do 😳 #terrible #terrible
[NAME] is lactose intolerant, so when it comes to milk he likes to drink soythress
In all seriousness, stereotyping does suck and I feel for you. But stop being a crazy horse lady and maybe you can change people's minds. Lol
*wall breaks* OH YEAH!!
Lack of content, which led to shipping wars, which destroyed everybody’s minds, which created this.
[NAME] didn't remember lol I'm dying
and how does that person's notoriety make the other kids who are treated the same way feel any better?
Did you maybe get Tag and Hide and Seek confused ?
This... This is where my journey ends. I was not able to make it to the end, good luck future redditors!
Become friends with people who work night shift. We are always up at crazy hours and need a distraction from our work.
Wow, talk about being [NAME].
There was no point. This is also the answer for many other choices that have been made in the sequels
Georgia Tech's Secondary is as soft as a marshmallow.  #horrible #horrible
Anyone else think [NAME] talks too much in this and drowns destiny and hbomb out My man be talkin
Just because you lack critical thinking and reading skills doesnt mean i am a moron, it means you need to learn how to think for yourself.
Someone on r/nba said [NAME] was borderline elite defensively...lol
Why nothing will change at all ... lol
Watch it and find out. Go in with a fresh mind.
I love the fact nobody talks about boycotting the Times (owned by the same media group), because they know scousers don't read it anyway. 😂
Honestly not mad at that lineup at all. Let's make it happen VH1!
Cuz [NAME] sat out lol
I applaud both of you for taking whatever action you can to make this succeed. Sorry I couldn’t offer any advice. Good luck.
This is a neccessary future, unless we're comfortable with half of the population being homeless.
Ha the additional loss of life to your engine really showed them.
Another day Another flight 🙈  I swear my last ever @easyjet flight!!!! You take the LOVE out of flying #easyjet #horrific #alwaysdelayed #easyjet #horrific #alwaysdelayed
Thanks! Been clipping her for awhile now, I think I’m going to stick with her
:((
What the Fuck?
It's not collapsing
If it makes you feel better they'll probably move back a few times
Isn't that what they all say, with the exception of [NAME], yet there they appear.
Hoping to hear some serious @DonnieTrumpet tonight
“Our decaf is like really good tho gurl, you’ll be okay”
You know what's great about #GBBO ? Contestants helping each other, cheering each other on. So important. #gbbo
@tchop__StL @YouTube \nI get sick to my stomach everytime I see this video &amp; for the helicopter crew to make such comments is revolting.
i’m sorry i don’t have the box with me
She is married to a banker and I posted about her views that any trump fan would love
Hmmm. She is Korean. Based on the early posts I didn't see that one coming.
I swear no ranked team can go without losing to an unranked team for very long.... that’s why I love college basketball
Always thought that was funny but is it a reference to anything?
hey thank you! any time I can help someone, I'm more than happy to:)
I CANT BELIEVE HER WIG STAYED ON WITH ALL THAT CAKE!!!! [NAME] tape really does hold back all, y'all. Alaska who?
Awesome quote.
[NAME] fuckin sucks
already exposed when h2k went 2-16. Sure they didn't have the best players, but going 2-16 means the coaching staff should also shoulder the blame.
> Imagine the ~~nightmare of regulation~~ flood of unregulated money these guys are up for- congrats.
@christyfrink @stephenyeargin @El_Brandino I once hooked them up backward. Not recommended. #smoke #panic #smoke #panic
minorities can't be racist
This is the most fucking sensible comment I have seen in the this subbredit. Have the exact same opinion.
No, princess, your body works the same way as everyone else's... You are not a mystery of physics.
Damnit, now they're ruining IKEA too.
@Mattwinton1 Your foot is frowning.
His Ma must be really impressed with her sharply dressed son. 👊💦
So, it turns out the chants were projection as well.
.... That literally made my stomach clench. I can't believe they are charged for the samples... Just eww.
Great post - much appreciated. Gave me some good points to ponder.
Err. Lol, I guess.
@HannahFJames I'm distraught! 😭 Candice and her pout can piss off
It's irrelevant though. it doesn't need to be specified in the title of a post.
Oh there goes gravity
Yep I'd sub baking powder for the oil. You want them dry
I liked the Japandroids for that one year
That song was epic live
I know how it feels being in the hospital alone, I hope you get well soon
Is everyone the same person
lol since when do you have to go to a orientation?
I wish I had known this when my kitty ran off years ago. 😭
I love this woman.
I named my new kitten Baker and you can bet your ass that he’s getting posted here next time there is a flood of doggo posts
I'm so depressed
I wish my phone was that accurate. It warns me I'm at 14%, then 10 minutes later it drops to 0% and shuts off.
The next [NAME]. Welcome [NAME].
@casillasbreanna awe thanks girl 😊😊
[NAME] sounds happy to be back! So glad we have the full crew today!!
I had a big omnibus edition. It was great, but a good 4-5 inches thick!
It's hard to respect them as an organization when we hear shit like this. They will struggle as a franchise to win another WS anytime soon.
Aww, look at you still wearing your hospital bracelets even.
I guess that was a compromise with that native sarong that he likes to wear.
DONT DO IT PRELLER
i didn't know this could happen.
Fake was the right call either way.
She liked the picture too so it’s even better. Like she really does not give a shit hahaha
Wasn't north and south Dakota one state at some point? Are they putting aside they're difference and getting back together?
lmao he deleted his reddit account after his main got exposed, and now is making an ass out of himself in the steam forums thread again
It'd be a real shame if someone killed it and stole its soul.
Eh, sorry, found it, not my ex, thank goodness! Apologies!!
Ewgh don’t remind me.
honestly I dig it, though [NAME] could rock it better than anyone ever could!
I wanna tell the antivaxxers how wonderful it is to deal with insulin shots and everything else and tell them to screw off. :3
This WILL work for you [NAME]!! I have hope for you bro!!
This is awesome! I want the same interaction for [NAME] & [NAME] and [NAME] & [NAME]!
Actually probably trust issues, but thought people here would enjoy it.
Maybe shes the type of person that can take a slap and move on with her life. Hey sometimes you think to yourself did i deserve that?
Huh, I'd missed this one when looking for new games a few months back. Might have to give it a try.
Thank you deeply for these words!
Everything on this sub is touchy usually no? Hah no worries, just offering my other perspective
@BertGatti not had much to cheer about you see 😜😂😂
The highest rate of eating disorder in men is binge eating disorder... I fail to see how a pressure to l ok good causes binge eating disorder
She left the room and went downstairs.
I’m glad I’m not the only one.
After our company’s outbreak, we worked from home 17 days. Before returning (only negatives allowed), infection rate was 60%.
Oh gosh that's no good! Perhaps the other options are better places to start
Headline had me thinking the guy was currently barricaded in a BK bathroom, demanding they give him free food. But no.
As your own lives in order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is there. #bitter #bitter
WE FOUND THE HERETIC AMONGST US!
The other person was [NAME] on Hell's Kitchen. Shot herself in 2007.
Upvoting simply for the (Eli = )
Yesssss!!! [NAME] would be awesome!!! I also alternate between these two shows! So good.
What a sad story.
Bring on the mosquito to destroy those tired legs
Hahah, nope! Also from Michigan. Michigan, give me my 40* weather back.
Ahh dammit I knew that was why I was getting the feels
That's nothing, before BSE we did horrible things with bone meal animal feed. Cannibal cows.
Sounds like a true basket case. People that actually obsess over conspiracies, oh my....
That’s [NAME]. One of the most famous and richest criminal defense attorneys in the world.
a PG that shoots 41% on free throws? pass. would much rather have jrue if we're shitposting
This is the only thing I care about from this entire season so far.
I hate that a black lady is painting herself white on the internet for laughs and likes... #terrible #BadForm #DidntLaugh #terrible #badform #didntlaugh
Oh! Thanks for clarifying. The entire time I thought it was written by a child to their OWN parents. I'm thick.
why not get a innovative head coach? and not have your oc poached??
Another racist foul by the Raptors on [NAME]
Replace that friend with a whole pile of desillusioned friends and you might as well @me
The irony tho
I'd like to think [NAME] is joking, r-right guys?
/u/897w346354365fdddfs said: > You're funny You're shilly
sending my thoughts and prayers LOL to your family!!! 😂 😂 😂
They wouldn't be entirely wrong...I know I'm certainly fatigued with the way Doctor Who has been going for a while now.
@SenatorReid @HillaryClinton @DanEggenWPost @realDonaldTrump Even the painting is orange!  #Election2016 #election2016
Lol I’d leave my work phone off and be like, nope didn’t see any calls lol
I think you'll find there is only one big one, lasting less than an hour.
And the sad part is this goes on for decades and decades grrrrrrr
[NAME] I hate plant thieves. They’re almost certainly ppl who should know better.
So I heard. How is she, haven't seen her in a while.
Thanks for your words. I appreciate hearing from you. You bring up some very disturbing points.
What are you talking about? Anything bad that happened was [NAME] fault - only good things were [NAME] doing!
thanks... I've added both these to my growing animal multi-sub... =D
What exactly does it mean to be a "savior" and why does humanity need one?
I live next door to this, and I was up late.... How did I not hear this?
Happy Cake Day! I, too, have been a victim of cake.
I find that telling the truth as much as possible makes things less complicated. I've learned to spin the truth when needed, though.
It's become a verb. 'I'm gonna Villaseñor all those old contacts I don't need anymore.' #sadness @melissavcomedy #waitingforexplanation #sadness #waitingforexplanation
Idk what's so unrealistic about it. [NAME] is probably just as close to [NAME] as [NAME] and [NAME] are.
Thanks for the great response. Btw I’m not British, I’m an [NAME].
Looks like ketchup. 😮
Thought I had a pretty solid GPA as a kin major and now that I look at the average for dpt programs I feel even more discouraged 😪
What does your statement even mean? It's a game set in WW2, not the war itself.
[NAME] getting so much screentime... she better not be nominated 👀
Oh god the “glow”! I get comments about it at work almost weekly.
If they are going to do this why not just have individual bathrooms with locks on the doors.
I'm just now going through the replies on this thread. This is the first person I've looked up on Spotify. Thank u for the recommendation!
@crowder_rachel @LillieGregg she's famous now, begged a living of some mugs fame! Work shy freeloader. Deserves it all
How I do miss so much the ability to just go here or there whenever my heart desires to go $ But alas I no longer drive; it is for the safety of the world, at large; that is!
That looks so delicious! What are the beans?
Thats fine as long as the creative director is still there.... Though the talent will be missed
Visiting relatives carries not just tradition, but heartfelt affection and care.
I’ve read papers at home and abroad—three key terms: antibody levels, cross-protection, cell memory. New variants show similar symptoms, nothing special to prep for.
Surprisingly all of my family keep their toasters on the work top despite being [RELIGION]/Unionist ?
If you saw last night’s Tianhe student exodus, you’d understand. Fixing things before more tragedies — that’s Guangzhou speed.
Yeah, no. I don' mind tweetin' that twice. #snap #blm #likeThat #snap #blm #likethat
It was SUPER foggy, I swear I started to feel droplets on my shoulders from the fog as I was waiting to cross the street.
Aw, good times, picking off them pesky 'tennas and coyotes! Me too, I'd love that! Thank you for playing, my friend!
But those are typically quieter and then I won’t need them 🙃 are we done
Well done. I like it!!
@SAHARTHERAPPER I unfollowed without hesitation &lt;3
I see, thanks for the clarification.
I thought he cited heart issues at Florida
It's beyond evil. It is pure demonic when it's that pure sadism and vile sick torture. I hate them guys.
Sorry, that was a camel (unless you're talking about the remake).
Think this was an underrated signing. Dudes such a beast when he’s on, can go multiple innings.
Communism advocates a stateless society. They just got kicked in the head into believing Private Property is bad.
Literally dying &amp; living at the same time as I catch up on @adrian_ver 's twitter. If you aren't following him your life is BASIC.
With [NAME] at over 30m (on average), our 2nd expensive player is only at 14.7m? Wow...
LOL [NAME] AND [NAME] JUST PLAYING WITH THEM
Holy shit bro
he can still be heard uttering "I'm a huge fan" alone in a dark room
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. Lao Tzu #wedding #happy #love #wedding #happy #love
Getting outplayed by the Cavaliers LOL. Maybe [NAME] and [NAME] can take more bricks this quarter, seems to be working so far
It's crazy, just something small like that, can make a man forget about all his troubles. I wish I new what that felt like 🙄
It’s a metaphor. No one cares how big his anatomy is.
I could not wipe the smile off my face.
I don't even love myself that much. I'm glad I wrote myself out of the parenting pool long ago, I'd be terrible at it.
Sweet! I'm a Packers fan in Winnipeg. Really hoping to catch a game there next season.
Don't be fatuous [NAME]
[NAME], old friend
[NAME]. I love that this is the top comment.
Hit this right on the head. Was just telling my brother about how hypocritical this subreddit can be.
At this point I can't tell if I just follow more people in politics on twitter now or if I need new friends. #wheresthefunny #depressing #wheresthefunny #depressing
I’m conflicted. I do in fact love wine, but I also love crown, and it would be more cost effective to bring crown.
Protesters in Brazil are burning effigies of their President. He and some of his cabinet are under investigation for corruption. #sabcnews #sabcnews
She’s a [NAME] also, but I doubt that means much in the entertainment business..
When your rewatching glee and break down in tears all over again. 😭😢
Nurse practitioner: 'you look pretty bad. No offense of course.'  \n\nThank you, that really added that spark of positivity I needed today.
What's even worse: the deciding voter refused to support the subway because he was strangely obsessed with a horse & buggy transit plan from 1858.
**TELESTRATE, YOU BEAUTIFUL MAN!**
I was too busy catching the pokebugs!
Haha i have 2 chinchillas from a manic episode about 8 years ago. They're sweet little things.
But then how will I betray it?
Are you willing to donate to local organizations or do you want to focus on national? What issues do you want addressed?
can't believe Mint fest is two days away and i hate my outfit 😩😩🙈 #nightmare #nightmare
And we missed the playoffs the next year
I try my damndest. Hard to be sad these days when I got this guy with me
I never thought it was at the same moment, but sometimes after [NAME] sacrifice... sounds logical
Ugh. The Google Plus BB community is the absolute worst!!!
I mean yeah that's really it. Getting him on tape saying racist stuff is the only possibility of a sale.
Of course you can. Wear a racist T-shirt for a day and see what happens.
Super Bowls are overrated anyways. s. I'm more angry about back-to-back seasons ending on a fade to Crabtree in the endzone.
I was able to just get in. I can swipe but can't see my matches or messages
Go buy groceries and don't spend another dime for an entire week. Please....
How tf do you sanatize a shoe so that it can be used for food?
You're the reason [NAME] won the election. There isn't anything even remotely resembling fascism in the United States. Get a grip.
I wqs right on [NAME] CMC So so so wrong about [NAME]
I like this feeling
jk. started this week strong and it's still going strong.
Sounds fun from what I’m reading on here.
Uhhhh I did lol
Everyone in this video is annoying. This seems like a terrible place to go hang out.
Who the hell is drilling outside my house?! Literally got to sleep at half four after a busy shift and these twats have woken me up #fuming #fuming
The cold air brushed against my face as I sat on the swing in our backyard, I wasn't swinging, I only sat there watching, waiting.
Snuggling with my boyfriend
Grow up.
My liver CRIES watching these kids. Weeps into a warm cup of steamed milk.
Pretty and sweet? BURN HER ALIVE!! Nothing can detract from their beliefs!
Those fries look delicious!!!
Because the south.
Wah, the poor dead fascist thug! What a fucking tragedy. Every dead cop makes the world a safer place.
If children live with #ridicule, they learn to feel #shy #ridicule #shy
Lmao that's a funny coincidence
Because of reading comprehension fails? Maybe we should all be reading more. :)
>a fun activity!!! At no point in my TBM life would I have found that fun or worthy of even one exclamation.
Help that damn cat
In Europe there's no way at all that the Democrats would be called left wing!
I can't imagine how scary that was for you. What is wrong with people?
@CNBCFastMoney Harwood gleeful at these new numbers, bet your money on this reporting...look to lose it...@HillaryClinton liarthiefscoundrel
Their numbers seem large because they get so much publicity. But I suspect that even most young people find that ludicrous.
okay for real, i saw this when the game ended. i died. i fucking died laughing. -sent from my HeavenPhone (TM)
That house on #GrandDesigns isn't in a forest it's in a wibbly wobbly pine plantation #granddesigns
hey, that's me. Glad i'm done with the class, so much work
I was the vegan in this story. I have since stopped my foolish ways and have since become a nuclear alpha mega Chad.
No usable cure was found for TB until 1945.
It was nice knowing you all.
She threatened to hurt you, I would file a police report.
Totally understand and love this.
I'm so glad you weren't physically hurt
Penis who, now?
Dude you’re right but just because we draft someone in the 1st round doesn’t guarantee a starting caliber QB.
I'm pale, I no longer wanna laugh, Or smile, All I wanna do is just fucking cry,
Yeah whether or not an animal is cute is pretty subjective, I was just in a bad mood when I wrote the post honestly.
A pencil skirt is tight around the hips with a slit in the back, not swishy. Does that make sense?
I don’t even go through a period and I’m still crippled by random cramps
I love that fray. I wonder how he got it.
Dude who knows u cant tell what a chemical is based on taste
Not sure if you're joking. Not sure if I disagree. But since the point of high school is daytime teenager containment google would not accomplish that.
I mean just let it go and assume things aren’t going to work out. Drop it, so to speak.
Kill me.
In one dream, I was pulling those long, white, stringy, watery stir-fry type vegetables out of my chest.
Isn’t this from the trade deadline last year. Shouldn’t have any bearing on contract offers this year
You should watch the “Genghis Khan” music video by [NAME], suddenly these two really look like the couple in that video 😳
"Welcome to the hydraulic press channel.."
@EmilySmissaert @navinrmal it's a shocking revelation!!!!
I love the fsct [NAME] liked this. [NAME] can suck it.
If you'd like to suggest an alternative non-inflammatory metaphor for something that implies racism, I'm happy to consider it.
[NAME] I know right? everybody knows that F4 only has 3 members
The sister?
But he has... so it’s not that he can’t but that he shouldn’t.
So... For me it changed earlier yesterday... Maybe it's a location/language thing
I have a great connect for 2c-b
They should also report how many tests were done — at least then we’d know the ratio. Otherwise, what’s the point of these numbers?
Doesn't NY and NJ have reciprocity? Why did he have to take the NY bar at all?
I'm a doctor. The doctor examining him with severe back pain after an injury should test for sensibility, muscle strength, and reflexes at least.
Me too. They just slow everything down.
No. You're not the only one.
No matter what, he won't have to decide until April. Until a GM calls him.
I'm so afraid to weigh myself. I'm gonna have to do it soon though 😭
Wow does that really work? I've never heard of anyone doing that before.
Just say you value the friendship too much to jeopardize it with complicated red stuff.
It's a fact tho. So your accusations are simply based on misinformation.
No. It cannot. It's a dangerous fantasy (unironically)
Skimmed it — logic’s terrible, too many fatal flaws. Not worth reading in detail. Not sure if it’s the author’s issue or their expertise.
Good sense of humor!
We should sign him to a 4.5AAV contract now that he has already proved himself as an elite starter in the NHL.
We're moving from Utah to California later this year. These statistics make me even more excited!!
Just had my interview for the medical internship and I am beyond nervous😩 I was shaking so bad it was unreal😳
Okay that makes more sense to me. Thank you
Disturbing =/= awful. Its incredibly well done by a professional. I feel like this sub is more for unintentional awfulness, not purposeful shock value/ theatrical makeup.
Okay, that sounds like a plan, I can handle that.
Im not a brexiter. In fact, this is my concern with a second referendum. I'm worried that remain will lose.
he stopped talking to me 🤷🏼‍♀️
Dude seriously they got some really weird and specifically targeted propaganda on their TV shows
As ironic as it sounds but her being a non factor is what ultimately won them the game (compared to inting [NAME])
"I didn't learn anything from the last short clip video on twitter that cut in mid way through an confrontation" Oh look a new one!
It was SO refreshing to see. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] were all so well coordinated. Hype
[NAME] eyebrows! Her highlight!
omg i cant believe that nifty is still a thing
Body is sleepy but the mind is active. So sad... Have to get ready for work in 30 minutes. Damn!
I'm so glad you have access to that trans group. You will make friends and be able to support each other.
So you want [NAME] & [NAME] to be like [NAME]? That would be so nice.
Tweeting from the sporadic wifi on the tube #perilous #perilous
Terfs smell like bigots in general. Sort of a salty smell
says a lot about the typical scottish football fan's frame of mind when they don't notice 'el b*****o' is a racist term
MORE LIKE [NAME]
#KYLO REN IS NOT INTIMIDATING #kylo
Fucking [NAME]. It's always [NAME].
Even though you can me, I’m slow clapping to this!
What a transition...from "Ab-Fab" to "Au-Bo" :p (don't forget the vodka, it's cold up there)
I can’t stand this arrogant prick he’s no better thenFord in Ontario and that guy is a buffoon
Old timbermill. Was that the long payload defense and attack?
Yeah, one more time for good measure. “Hey, hold on there you forgot something “. WAM
[NAME] is a MOTHERFUCKER
You got the kindest heart
@samvirwin fancy! I have some of those and I have never put them up, I should do that. Also, I vote jaunty angles then no one will judge
I believe the mentally ill are the ones that spend so much time and effort caring about what I do with my own time and money. ¯_(ツ)_/¯
Why is the hotdog so long lmao
I identify as a person of size despite being actually smol
Where did you get that? Highest I’ve found is Donagal at 23%.
That sounds terrifying. I hope you and the little one are OK.
It was a terrible, terrible thing to do. He did every day of his time for it, has expressed regret, and has not repeated it.
Don't let fear hold you back from being who you want to be. Use it's power to push you towards your goals. No more fear, just action.
I miss my naivety and blind optimism
@SINice Damn..  Lol..  Maybe it is for the best though..  Her brother might still be lookin for revenge 😂
[NAME] has been really blunt about things lately, I love it.
My kids graduated college two years ago. Guess I missed it?
I have no answers for you, but I send you warm enfolding hugs of understanding and light. Peace to you.
Definitely my favorite reliever after Mo. loved his attitude and competitiveness.
@chocorobos I have this one so I'm not so sad.. but wtf
Feeling worthless as always #depression #depression
Your grad school advisor is an old fashioned idiot You are not. You are great!
This is his reaction to being crucified:
I see what u did there!
>absolutely hate having to sift through hints. you can do this wizardry?
for something to have gone missing it had to have existed in the first place.
hugs back! thank you for writing and being here with me.
Unfollowed. Try lining up an hour daily for 24-hour tests before work—out in winter mornings before 7 a.m., over an hour testing. Then talk. Damn, they shut sites yet still demand 24-hour tests.
Thats awful and Im sorry for your friend. I whole heartedly agree. Its getting out of hand.
Just know that you are the man. Go Isles. Go Flames.
Our best hope is that [NAME] intends to outlast [NAME] and serve under President [NAME].
I mean... this is some shit right here
@pottermore : I can't find my patronus, the website doesn't work, I can't even see the questions.... #sadness... #sadness
couldnt believe [NAME] got the rebound AND the three
@TheMandyMoore You are beyond wonderful.  Your singing prowess is phenomenal but damn... I'm just elated to watch you act again. #ThisIsUs 🤗 #thisisus
Thanks for the link! I've been looking too and there are like 200 in the area I called one and waiting to hear back.
Guice was a fuckin monster.
Looks like a plate to me. A stupid plate. But a plate nonetheless.
Lol there you go. Forgot to switch back from your alt for a second there.
Nope. You’re sad because I’m right.
A drummer's MC is the best MC
Tbh idgaf anymore too many people correct me and others over it. Who cares. But thanks for the enlightenment.
M'loled at this.
Oh @BentleySystems what hast thou done to thy configurations? #despair #despair
I'm sorry Mom, your child has autism, or this is a lie.
But if you made that joke about other groups, you would be strongly condemned.
Look at all the trash at that festival. Fucking gross.
A “10” on the landing.
Ooooof, that’s annoying. I’m sorry.
Me too. At least we acknowledge what we are and don't make up excuses in that regard.
I'm glad it helps, best of luck on your journey. You've gone 7 days clean, keep doing what makes you clean for 84 more!
Thanks. I though it was fooling a penquin.
During the difficult times, I've often had a mental image in my head.
not true! Acute acopia needs a brief social admission, social work, and tincture of time Chronic acopia needs placement
Okay @BTS_twt it was fun and all you can change your layout back to something goofy and domestic as usual pls I'm intimidated rn
The left side attack of [NAME] [NAME] was woeful
[NAME] is just another millionaire taking advantage of dumb people.
Hamada’s my favourite
My bus was in a car crash... I'm still shaking a bit... This week was an absolute horror and this was the icing on the cake... #terrible #terrible
Me this morning 😭 all I ate yesterday was a salad and a bowl of soup. Whyyyy
Now I know rhino poop is very green.
That moment when the worry is lifted #grateful #grateful
Way too cool to die young, way too young to die sober.. #tunechi #tunechi
I continue to sub here only because your quips make me laugh
Congratulations on your appointment to such a prominent position! I was a huge fan of Utah when I went, the canyons are sick. GO KNIGHTS GO
If Monday had a face I would punch it #monday #horrible #face #punch #fight #joke #like #firstworldproblems #need #coffee #asap #follow #monday #horrible #face #punch #fight #joke #like #firstworldproblems #need #coffee #asap #follow
wtf i love basketball again.
I did the same thing in school. Thank [NAME] for the library. Are you anxious about how your brother and sister would react to that?
I'm not going to kill you... But I'm not saving you either
Totes! I love walking round and round and round in circles all afternoon and still not finding the store I need.
In this day and age I’m actually surprised at how many hotels haven’t sorted plugs by the beds yet
Heaven forbid /s
All and boy play n0 no play dull and mᴬkes.
Never mind, 4(b). I wasn’t trying to come across in that manner.
@JoeFahezy I could of told you that one lmfao 😂 Then old niggas get wasted and start fucking around
Not normal light but a spot of light.
Just piss off
I don't know what region you're in, but it's less than 6 dollars on the WnW website, Target, Walmart, and Amazon!
I dream of a world where that won't even be an option.
Thanks for sharing. Lies like this make it harder for the real ones to share and get justice
Ah fuck.
De un tronco a otro. I hope they wake up!
@InLuvWithAGhost I'm frowning at you intensely until you watch plastic memories.
>If you can’t recognize bad acting like [NAME] emotional scenes, Oh please. Why are you even on this sub? Lol
all I did was snitch on him
I disagree with you, therefore you must be an idiot. K.
Poor crack baby 😥
Oh for fuck sake. Things were going so well on the coaching front. This dude is nothing but a suck up
I did anyway hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahhahahaa fucking rekt XD
I hadn’t even noticed the hairline, was too busy looking at the rest of the awful stuff going on.
Years ago, village head candidates bribed voters ¥500 each. Now, officials’ families bought villas cheap—80k each.
i used that as an example, and i also said it would be very difficult. this is hypothetical there’s no need to be rude.
No, just tweet pictures of four fictional characters who describe you. One should be an animated character. @sunshinessp411
this is proper funny actually
[NAME] are the liars, we know.
i got his bitch depress
@colmjoconnor well it was after my heyday too I'm afraid, I was expecting 1st baby I reckon. Now aged 15 *gulps* I'm so old :-)
They want to make gun ownership so expensive and onerous that people won't even bother.
Let's see, collectivized commons leave less grass on the ground and wreck the economy. Nope. The tragedy of the commons still holds true. Try again.
Oh god yes. Top quality cringe. Thank you for sharing
@olark @mashable Thanks @olark for being #awesome As someone who suffers from #Anxiety and migraines I always fear stigma. You give me hope. #awesome #anxiety
I’m really sorry about your situation :( Although I love the names Sapphira, Cirilla, and Scarlett!
And whatever other slowness and rootkits etc may come with Epic. I still havent forgotten Sonys bullshit or how resource hogging Origin was
Yeah, live it up so you get a free trip to the zoo.
oohh, that makes a lot more sense now, thank you kindly
Right - and if we rewind 14/15 years to when this started we get Reform Party, universal healthcare, [NAME] as a runningmate [NAME].
So excited to see the man again.
[NAME] aside
12 players had points! Everyone except [NAME] had a shot on goal!
So we should just complete one study on anything, never question the results or methods, and just accept the initial study as gospel. Gotcha.
Chi snowing. Can't get a break.... Also I'm crushing it.
I love the smell of Napalm in the morning
They are still trying to get him conditioned. That's why.
[NAME] pretty famous for that. I love the show but there is an entire episode that is blatant anti-nuclear energy fear mongering.
Only God knows why things happen, sometimes it's just hard to understand. #sad #prayingforyou #sad #prayingforyou
She’s actually crazy
this probably doesn't actually make much sense at the moment, but my head hurts.
Exactly, i've never heard of dutch lessons on school anywhere in the world !?
Is that [NAME] as the commentator? EDIT: just finished the video, feel stupid now
I think you'll find that dating is really difficult for poly men. It's the biggest reason why I'm monogamous.
He was transgender or wanted to be as well. Super rare case in a few ways.
The part about the size of the shit was unnessecary but appreciated.
Just tryed choosing beggars. It hasn't taken the bait yet
Then I’m sorry but this game really isn’t for you. Progression like that would ruin the base of what this game is.
@howcaniapply @radioscarboro Much to my delight!
"Ummmmm *Eeyore*? Duh?" *sighs violently, rubs temples* (This is when I leave before I do/say something stupid)
Things were significantly worse back then than they are now.
Simon's or the bay. [NAME] makes some merino ones that are unbelievable. They are not cheap though.
My heart pounded as I held my breath when he pulled me into his arms and-- slammed his mouth into mine.
the person in white is just wondering what happened
Oh I hate him even more now.
Our relatives visit often — maybe because they love kids. During the pandemic, thank goodness they were locked down later and brought us vegetables several times.
Wonder if the balls are deflated... that worked well against the colts last time.
Thanks for contributing to the advertising
Hope you had a great time!
Lol it's only been 7 years. Don't let your guard down now.
I’m so proud of you for taking care of you and your babies, mama! We love you and stay strong.
Nope they never did and they broke up really early on in s1 like the first episode literally
" I thought she was going to throw her coffee at me.
While Girl Scout Cookies and weed are old friends, I am unfortunately not in contact with a dealer of the latter!
#YOU'RE RIGHT, PEOPLE BEING OUTRAGED BY THE ACTIONS OF A CRIMINAL IS HYSTERICAL! #you
Where is the discusting from?
[NAME] [NAME] homie. You understand my situation.
I've never heard him say this... News to me
I am really flattered and happy to hear those complements for my blog! You guys motivates me to write more for my blog. Thank you! sml 💞
that's how powell should play. now, let's will wes' post-ups out of existence
Enough in every catagory to be both respected by my peers and have respect for myself.
ISN'T YOUR CLUB RUN BY A JABBA-THE-HUT-LOOKING DONALD-TRUMP-ACTING MORON WITH A ~~FIVE SIX SEVEN TEN~~ FIFTEEN YEAR PLAN?
You say 'A single MP' as if it's not that big of a deal. In my humble opinion, that's still probably one too many...
just like [NAME] was going to win by 90+%? I'm not going to believe it until I see it.
@yungdoujin wouldn't that basically be sparkling water
Like a glove
Guangzhou is very inclusive. This wave in Haizhu came from dense urban villages — no vaccines, no masks, yet endless complaints. Hope authorities fix Kang Le’s messy textile market issues.
They must have seen you.
I love the guy but can't see this working out well. That being said if he plays as the furthest forward of the midfield 3- who knows.
No, you said you think she deserves whatever she can afford. Can she afford housing?
Yeah - we never had a fight. I'm glad we managed to end it in good terms. Thanks a lot for the sentiment, mate. Cheers!
now im all alone and my joy's turned to moping
Not a great first impression, but we brush it off.
I mean ILB is a huge hole for this team. Why not protect any prospect? But we'll keep [NAME] and [NAME]...
Favourite quote of the year so far is by @ameliameech 'I swore at a parsnip' 😂
Haha love it we'll uhm not the penis
Didn’t anyone notice — remove the metal ring on the Lightning port, and it’s the same size as Type-C!
I don't think so. [NAME] can't even stand, how can he fuck?
That must be it? Or that people buy carbon dioxide as plant food? I'm terrible at science and even I know it's not that simple
Oh god, How I always wish she shows up to the lonely hearts party every time I watch that episode.
I fail to see how: capitalists are the ones responsible for going to war and not the government, how wars make money.
[NAME] out? I thought he’s been playing pretty well. Wonder why...
I saw the video. It was more awkward than anything.
Idk if I’m wrong but I think they gave her some piercings on her ear which are cool too
I love you like a love song, baby. And if you know that song, it's now in your head.
I did send Darren a message via facebook at 4.14 am as I had to get what was in my head out there.
I doubt that [NAME] cares.
She went on a PR tour in Syria and met with him. I think it’s fair to say she’s pro-Assad.
I'm sad I had to come this far down to find this.
All you need to read is [NAME] death near the end of the book to remind you... “Twas a comical effect.”
Blue was just trying to be fun and lighthearted. Grey is the real cringe...
Those inflated monopoly prices go back into Ontario coffers for services like roads and schools! How dare you question them. /s
From what I've gathered it seems a dose is about 10-30 mg of THC, so I don't think you'll feel much.
Oh weird, the money I make is taxed when I earn it and then it gets taxed when I spend it
Totally forgot to add: I'm straight.
Didn't the kid in the middle play [NAME]' kid [NAME] in Friends?
nothing special? I drop stuff like this mate
I don’t think this fits the sub
We are living in a time of lukewarm faith where many will fall away and become deceived.
Thank you xo
its disgusting where our society is. free tube sites need to be banned
Yo kiddan bro. You from Detroit?? 🤣🤣
Life as a chef= late nights with booze and strippers.. wife doesn’t approve of it but hell with her somebody’s got to suck it🤫
I'd give it a 9/10 one of my favorites. So what was your thoughts on D'jango?
They had amazing sex (apparently), and passed out.
You don’t understand the design of our government.
I don't even cook the steel cut! I just love the chewiness! I'm usually fuller longer with steel cut too.
Why couldn't we just carry our ending over to the next game?
In the past, life moved slowly, and loving someone meant a lifetime — letters had to cross mountains. Thanks to the internet, I got to know and love you, to hear from you instantly. Love hasn’t changed — to love him is to love for life, two people together.
***Y'our*** so funny.
SRV's 'Voodoo Child' is approximately 76 times better than Jimi's. #guitar #music #blues #guitar #music #blues
I drank this stuff since childhood—adults’ foolish ignorance! Ugh, how much ash I’ve swallowed. And every time I refused, I got scolded.
The huge pics of [NAME] and [NAME] wedding looming over this dysfunction own
Ahem...of the savoury kind.
I'm most amazed by implicit suggestion that you still aren't showing any signs. i mean coming out should be sign enough right?
Sorry to be the bearer of bad tidings.
Mmmm that delicious karma :3
someone who believes in facts.... thankz, this was also my understanding of how income generation works on youtube
Kerastase. Redken is pretty good, too.
They seceded because [NAME] was elected despite not appearing on any slave owning states. How is this anything but under representation of ideology.
I’m not crying, you are!!! 😢
I was expecting the clip from Home Alone that [NAME] uses to scare the burglars (I think it's from Angels With Filthy Souls).
They’re just idiots parking there. No clue that it is a designated bike lane.
I'm team boneless. If it's not breaded to hell then you're getting more meat for your money.
Thanks, I understand what you mean, this made me feel better :)
Can you even hide the racism anymore or are we throwing all dog whistles in the trash?
Congrats to you!! My husband went from being like your husband... to processing cannabis oil. There is hope.
Considering my wife barely touches me, I think I could get this job. Wonder how much it pays.
Always gotta have a scapegoat so your chosen economic ideology doesn't look bad!
Great idea! :) I'd be happy to give her a good reference!
Less expensive than chain-link. Needs warning signs, though, and be within his property line.
She shielded the influencer — and they didn’t even take her to the hospital? At least milk it for PR, huh.
That’s gotta hurt.
Yes! My Big Fat Fabulous Life
I second this. Revlon makes a great cuticle oil with Jojoba and a few other oils in it.
Anytime, don't be afraid to reach out if you're feeling down.
It's all about #redwine and  #redwine
I can only enjoy memes if they have been AI-checked to have never been uploaded to vine or tiktok. Otherwise I can not find it funny.
I'm mad at the process and happy with the results for Thrill tonight.
I always thought the GNT version of 10:14 was amusing. Intelligent people talk sense, but stupid people need to be punished. Proverbs 10:13 GNT
"average good singer"
Bro, too close to home. Thing is I wish I could just chill where this monk is at, with a lot of open space.
I'm a Broncos fan. I'll never, ever root for the Chargers, Chiefs or Raiders. Who the fuck would?
Typo...RBG lol
I'm not sure I really even knew what the movie was about by the time it was done because my nerves were completely shot.
Wow. If it shows calls on the bill then what good is it? Glad I asked...
So sad—but not surprising. It would be interesting to know if there’s a difference between countries with and without socialised health care.
because your brain will associate the drip taste with the high after a few times, i love the drip
[NAME] as Manly's top try scorer is pathetically bad.
@60DaysInJail Dafron is hands down the biggest loser on the planet!!! Typical #bully #lifer #bully #lifer
Probably clipped wings too, judging by the way it went down. Idiots.
I would go into the walk-in and curse like a sailor for a minute at full volume then freeze out the offender to the best of my ability.
Hey. Maybe talking can help you last till then. What's bothering you?
$2 by 2029
I doubt it, serial killers enjoy killing, the stuff they do afterwards is just the icing on the cake for them.
No dude. This person has two sick kids and is taking you back to their place... yeah, just no.
Ugh. Sounds awful. I’m sorry :(
I, too, have lied about getting hooked up by Hasbro to justify the unhealthy amount of money I have spent on Nerf guns.
These leaders have it so easy. Young people should just leave and take their parents with them — let these leaders boost their own local GDP!
Hell yeah. Happy they pulled it off together for their city. This is a great story in [NAME] eventual great career
This is the kind of crap I'm talking about.
Article is good. Not sure how it relates to “carve outs” for law enforcement.
Whats a typical possession?
To add, from what I hear he is actually a stand up guy and not at all the douche that the tweet/comments are about.
That's amazing
It does indeed. 😏
no, mostly just spurred from mild boredom and thinking of the [NAME] future. Getting a gauge at the caliber of players chosen at #12. #12
True. I think the only way vegan lab-grown meat could be produced is via self-renewing stem cells which is still a very undeveloped technology
It’s pretty cringe
Thanks
I review you - *clap clap* - [NAME], bye bitch, gone
Ok thank you!
Fear of awkward and inconvenient encounters. What can he do to you?
Rahway Mechanical LLC should be able to. Great guy
“ nice try”
The people are WAY nicer
Wow that was a roasting... Deserved, but daaaaamn [NAME]
I don’t think you understand the meaning of cute
No. It’s creepy.
Dual channel, I pinged you with what I have in discord
@eugenelaverty @WorldSBK all the best Moto GP is loosing a very talented rider
Ya done goofed
ahah I hadn't even thought of it until the scenario I mentioned above, so dont feel too bad.
I would feel similarly, but I would be more gleeful and less guilty.
What’s the most amount of goals that have been scored total between both teams at the rock?
Chart was clearly made by an 18 year old that thinks 30 is "old"
it’s happened before?! love my hometown of beautiful new ken 😂😂
My dogs are obsessed with eating the cat poop from the litter box!! Really gross lol
Confused and triggered
Wow! I feel like a grade A moron
Yeah no more concussions in Madden now. Only non head related injuries occur.
The funny thing is [NAME] would probably be up for it. Let's do it! LoL sAiNtS
You're really stupid if you believe that.
No. These are the people who loved someone with BPD, but got used/abused/abandoned by them. It's mostly romantic relationships. Family tends to be on r/raisedbyborderlines.
When someone is that crazy, it's probably best to deescalate and go about your day rather than risk them doing something truly crazy.
Thank you! Completely agree.
Is this the place that had the creme filled donut holes, if not does anyone know where to get them
This is why you always get a prenup. You never know if, during your marriage, you might become the wealthiest person in the world.
I have had this same bug once as well. Idk what caused it, but it fixed itself next
Lakers truly have the worst fans
Thank you! We’re currently shoveling ourselves out of the driveway, hopefully well be going there soon
Dear lord this woman is awful
Nice try.
nice try, FBI!
Im so glad that you have peace today :)
Very reassuring. Thank you for the effort you took to escalate this with cc and posting their detailed response. Appreciate it!!
Imagine discovering time travel and you’re just like “hi, im famous now”
The fact that he allowed himself to be bullied and pressured means he obviously lacks the courage of his convictions and should step down
My 7 year old was so stoked to find out that there’s a place called Castle Danger in his state.
That, the fact that the photo was taken on someone's phone and the fact they couldn't be arsed to crop it properly...
Eh. People really are judgemental towards "hoes", so I don't blame them. What is stupid is to shame people for having sex.
Looking super dope!
Yes its absolutely freeing! And so pure :) Aaah my heart
Calm down kid jeez
Lol what can you even say you meant to say? “Sorry auto correct meant let’s do SOCKS”.
Kinda looks like Ballymun too. Or some council flats from a London ghetto.
And here i am, cant even clean my tongue without gagging...
Somebody Knows Something Up and Vanished Serial This American Life
And he even dared to reference fairly odd parents in there, wtf lol
You are the beauty that stuns time and flowing years — time pauses, rivers slow, all just to meet you once in life. 💚
What changed for [NAME]? Last season he had a spurt of being meta and dominant and [NAME] was a bit of a terror
That’s the silver lining of this. Fuck Veracruz.
LOL yes, this guy might not be too bright.
Science damn you!
Go ahead and take them panties off too, we need this OT goal.
Because in some cases parents are basically having their own children kidnapped and held against their will and forced into these programs. This is child abuse.
This stands true in FL. We stock up so we don't have any reason to travel.
`` So this is what is going through my head today while I try to tackle an immense amount of work.
I haven’t seen this format before. And I don’t even know if it’s original. But I like it.
Who needs sciences. It's most fake news they peddle in anyways...
...And what's impressive is she managed to sell two internets before she was so rudely interrupted...maybe your Land Lady should consider telemarketing. :P
Just give him a chance!
@Groupon_UK who do I contact about a shocking experience with Clear Sky Holidays booked through you guys?? #customerservicefail  #customerservicefail
I had someone do that to me on a delivery only order I was really upset it's another deceiving thing that we have to deal with on here
Coulda sworn it was Interview With A Vampire. Hmmm......Mandela Effect anyone? \n#interviewwithavampire #annerice #books #horror #ilovevamps #annerice #books #horror #ilovevamps
They always blab about IQ and other garbage but they have the intelligence of a bag of hammers.
Can you explain to me what SW BRT means?
[NAME] you’re such a shill for this FO it isn’t even funny anymore
No! My furniture is floating!
Yeah he's a real one. I would've loved him coaching the Broncos
We smart apes
You should be much, much more worried about a rise in fascism than pedophilia. Thinking that pedophilia will be normal is just plain paranoid.
I dunno man. I'll forever like [NAME], but slapping the hand of someone trying to help you up/see if you're alright is a big bitch move
@TayerleLyle awe thank you so much Lyle!! You're the best!😀😀
This is the most perfect thing I've ever seen. So many layers
I'm sorry but your username is absolutely horrible lol
@Koishiteruze she was scare not knowing what to do
[NAME] already had that in their comment and I didn't deny it. I guess that level of attention to detail isn't taught at Bellevue Community College.
I looked everywhere for those 5 cards, 2 ended up between the couch cushions, one underneath a cat tent, one behind the TV, and one in a different room completely, in between the bed cushions.
Looks like someone's got a bad case of the zoomies.
I would love it as long as the art style was mature and well done
It’s halftime so I turned it on LivePD and this is the first thing I see...
Checked my EBT balance yesterday. "You will not be receiving benefits for February.". I wonder when the riots are going to start.
Just don't bring up the Manga Carta. Really uncomfortable for my history class.
Same here. I had a lot of swelling but not abnormal pain.
not giving a s* about what others say ;)
Thanks for looking out but we will take our chances with this grave danger.
It was an honor just to be nominated. Being a runner-up is a dream come true ( I keep my dreams realistic and attainable).
Did he just get fat? What caused him to fall off so much? It's amazing how quickly he flamed out.
More like thinks it's a pipe dream that isn't really worth talking about.
the NT-242 is my favorite battlefront weapon, by far.
If you take that line, any excess money you have is immoral. Tough line to tow.
And what a fuckton of karma it was. It’s fake stories like this that really prove that communism is the far superior economic system.
Yeah, hopefully the lesson learned from this is that our level of airport security is stupid and unnecessary and not that [NAME] is risking another 9/11
Im not going to swear
I hate that a black lady is painting herself white on the internet for laughs and likes...  #BadForm #DidntLaugh #badform #didntlaugh
My husband gets very prudish anytime kids are anywhere. EVEN in our locked bedroom.
Earn money to pay compensation — don’t rely on donations! If it’s this easy to get money, she’ll never feel remorse.
Always on the back of my mind when that's the last thing I want.
#BridgetJonesBaby is the best thing I've seen in ages! So funny, I've missed Bridget! #love  #TeamMark #bridgetjonesbaby #love #teammark
The second trial’s over — why hasn’t she repented? Her Weibo’s still full of supporters, infuriating! She even insults people and twists words.
Aaaaaand soccer! Hopefully...
Two natural right backs is fine. Then the pretend one doesn't have to pretend anymore.
[NAME] was right! Best lipsync so far! That should be a double shantay and holy crap I think [NAME] may have just become my favorite queen!
What, so you want me to just trade in my car for a Jetta just because you flunked out of every private school I ever sent you to?
This is what I'm thinking of doing. I just thought tafe was the go to.
@neobrainless So... Lots of pretty coloured blobs of sugar? I mean I'm willing to try it, I'm just not sure I understand the point of it 😅
Lol it’s one of those right wingers pretending to be a leftist to sow division. They’re pretty bad at it.
In the least condescending way possible I think you have some gross misconceptions and I'd like to clear them up.
You’re gorgeous girl! 🔥😊
Thanks :)
I didn't say it would be impossible to assemble a computer. I said you wouldn't have one because they'd be too scarce and bloody expensive.
His base is too large to knock him off. Unless he gets impeached/indicted/god knows what, he’ll probably be it (sadly).
I mean, they did just that in Djibouti I believe, and Sri Lanka before. Hopefully Kenya can avoid the debt trap
Y'all ever try to ride a scooter with one hand before? Shit was dangerous.
No one but they're mine and they protect me from facing the truth D:
That must hurt
Nope. According to your biblical book of lies [NAME] made **everything**. Are you saying the bible is false?
Trying to book holiday flights on @britishairways website is becoming a #nightmare #nightmare
@TrussElise Obama must be fuming.. lol
Need advice on how to get out of this rut!!!! #depressing #needmotivation #depressing #needmotivation
> When did I ever mention native genocide? How do you think the land was "stolen"? The residents were killed.
Oh [NAME] I was expecting someone to get electrocuted
What's good is that we already hit rock bottom, even though I'm about two more seasons away from new depths of despair. #playoffs? #NJDevils #playoffs #njdevils
I want to tell him, but I'm not ready to be lectured and have my head chewed off.
They blew him? That's a hell of a deleted scene....
color me embarrassed" I wonder what colour he'd be if she showed that text exchange to his missus.
Probably just going to be buried, but at least I can tell this story somewhere.
They never shut up, although they usually apologize ( and immediately start screeching again ) whenever I cringe and cover my ears, which is often.
I hope that's real lol
but if it weren't that way then a corrupt police force could convict many innocents. there is no correct answer to this problem.
It is a very good opportunity for him to learn not to care so much about his hair.
Couldn't be worse than [NAME] who ONLY has eyes in the back of his head.
looks like got damn shoe leather.
Perfectly #Recall #amazing #surreal #totalsolareclipse so #fortunate to #experience in #Europe #ManyYearsAgo #Live \n#Happy 4 #YouGuys #USA 😘 #recall #amazing #surreal #totalsolareclipse #fortunate #experience #europe #manyyearsago #live #youguys #usa
@AJStylesOrg I know they have you a scripted ego maniac but, I was so elated to hear that you are a devout Christian like myself. Phenomanal
Oof I’m glad this was the top post bc I literally came here to post it after seeing it on Facebook
Lmao I wonder how much effort it takes to reread 2 lines that she deemed too straining. What an era to live in...
@JamieRJN She's all over the political map in her relentless pursuit of power.
I’m sticking by what I said.
mind = blown
PRERECORDED MESSAGE: I'm sorry. I'm no longer responding to messages on this thread. Please direct all further questions to your future parole officer.
I SPOT A IFUNNY WATERMARK
And that is exactly why I never got that shit done, even though it interests me greatly.
Muppet. Nice not obscene insult. Thanks.
How do you know they are [NAME]? Where they caught? Maybe a cat? It's just some crazy person?
Did you know apples turn brown when a enzyme called polyphenol oxidase reacts with oxygen! Well I do #dull #applefacts 🤓🍏 #dull #applefacts
Started feeling smug about my short showers but then remembered just how small my water heater is.
If my dog were as ugly as you, id shave its butt, and tell it to walk backwards
Fair enough but I would imagine it's a small enough number that we can deal with. Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater...pun intended
I didn't mean the entire show is shit. I meant that season 4 was a shitshow.
Let him know a stranger from Reddit thinks he's an idiot
I'm sad for the bot. They only want a purpose
It would be faster then light travel
I saw a pic on twitter where she was also wearing a fur stole and she looked amazing.
If you are reading this have a nice day!\xEF\xBB\xBF
Why did a vision of my future include a story about [NAME] and [NAME] gold?
Well, to be fair to this person, even though he/she sounds like a jerk, that doesn't mean any [NAME] exists or not.
I mean, I know you are being sarcastic, but your words are too accurate for something a supporter would actually say
Doesn't stop you trying to hold court over on the US sub though.
Explain why you think it’s not. Not that I disagree, but explain your thoughts.
Input: Drink candle. NPC: You don't want to get wax in your mouth, do you? Input: Maybe I do, NPC.
It seems some people on here don't like us disrupting their echo chamber.
Formal stays getting turned on Edit: Why y’all downvoting lol
That was one of the most entertaining chalenges though. That and [NAME] slamming the table
No. Not worth both whatsoever with what we need to fill
Girlfriends cooking me dinner again. spag blow it is, not to sure if she need my help 😂😂 #girlfriends  #girlfriends
The point is no 13yr old is perfect and shit happens that doesn't mean they were scumbags that deserved to die for making the wrong choice.
Same here. And I really dislike strangers and groups, so groups of strangers are a next-level nightmare.
My arms shook.
10/10. The end had me rolling tho lol. Got me at the right moment.
It'll soon be loved, it's under control!
in what world is that sentence anything other than transphobia lmfao
I was planning on saying don’t kinkshame me since I like guys of all sizes but what the fuckkkk
The cringe is just beautiful
I killed you in VR once. I loved it.
An attractive woman falling down and exposing her butt. It's weird that he'd go so 0 to 60 on such a thing.
Can I ask why he isn’t willing? Thanks - I hope it works out for you. Maybe take this time to work on you!
Why is it when you nap during the day you are so comfortable but sleeping at night you'll never be as comfortable #nightmare #nightmare
Hope you get “at are it again”
Clear your notifications, good [NAME]!!
This really tickled my anxiety. I hate it
Needless to say, I turned her down.
Great fucking game for [NAME]. And I can't believe some people are trying to hate on him for one TOV in the 4th. This fan base smh
Was hilarious. RIP Roman
I'll share some soon. Just as a heads up: There seems to be quite a bit of trickery going on.
Maybe, just this time, it's for the better.
im trying to but my depression gets the better of me i have my good days and bad days
I love when these self-proclaimed ones would hound me for more pics.
This is dank what the hell
YUP. I’ve been healthier since the new year FINALLY smh
It's so sad
Oh look [NAME] piggy backing attention at the end there.
It turns out he works for [NAME], so maybe your instinctive distrust might not have been the worst first reaction.
@mdivincenzo9 he's stupid, I hate him lol
I just got got and I like it
Pretty much. The key difference is that bunnies thump.
that's a lot of karma!
Today is the only day I really hate my job as a dog walker
Man that chick from total recall didnt age well.
I love it. More bad blood. Cod esports baby!!
@gypsydragoness wrinkling up. 'Well now, looks here like your name starts with the letter G, eh?' The man smiled up and gave a hearty +
You’d think the higher ups would look at how much these law suits are costing and tell their boys and girls to tone it the fuck down.
Lmao we really tried that again
Thanks for sharing.
[NAME] for sure!.. just make sure you DO NOT get a new addidas one, get an old authentic one from the time frame he played
Any agreement we will come to will be exploitive because of the power differential, apparently.
No matter what, I hope he can finish the Tokyo Olympics in peace — give his career a good ending.
I don't know dude, but I'm just saying that it's not weird at all that people are super doubtful whenever posts like this crop up.
My friends who do a lot of flirting could care less if some ditsy broad blows it out of proportion.
I confirm, my increased by around 20% every year for the last 3 years.
“Wow. Just .. wow. Read a book, sweatie!”
Fuck the HRC
I filed a complaint.
lmao okay dude
Why tho... I don't understand why I like this so much
If fathers could have a say though... do you really think that would result in less children?? Id say it would result in more..
Wow, this is bizarre. Well, I agree too. A wealth tax is exactly what we need.
Dude that looks like some sh*t out of a James Bond movie!
From super smash bros melee?
False alarm, she's not coming out today 😞
It's possible to squeak by in Texas with that defense, if you play your cards right.
I am so pissed about Oiler hockey right now. Even [NAME] is annoying me and I love [NAME]. Gaaaahhhhhhh
Such a shame. Her butt was pert, cute and perfect in her Vogue days. Yes, I am showing my age.
can you share it here? I would love to be able to support you and watch your success!
Wouldn't that be the western sky? Also very beautiful pic, OP.
Migrants are here legally, illegals aren't. There is a huge difference.
You're so special and quirky :D
why did i expect this to be anything other than what it is
That’s pretty awesome :)
This was the most fun I've had watching a game since [NAME] 35 point game
Just a joke post on how someone will go through blah blah blah and come out on top.
It’s grandmas house. His house is a tip
I only remember one lady, interesting. Just watched it a year ago lol.
Thank you! I still cant believe someone could be so selfish and awful and deliberately try to ruin Christmas for kids. So awful.
oooh yeah your comment makes sense now :)
I don't like the zombey cookies.
A real man ain't be ashamed of crying. I cry with you my bro. Let's all cry together!
Verisimilitude, which here means, utter bs meant to help justify terrible favouritism.
No. Screw him. It IS a demanding job. Physically and emotionally draining. You deserve a hot meal and a friggin hour or two to decompress.
Using multiple combs simultaneously is what I like to call impressive work!!    ;-O #snap #ohsnap #daaamn #snap #ohsnap #daaamn
I want to digital art so bad, but my dad won't let me use my iPad till exams are over 😂
You’re so young! I hope things improve for you. Stick to you plan.
So having a baby you don’t want is [NAME] will, but having a baby you do want is going to put you in hell?
Yes, this. I love this film.
These disgusting old hags are literally old school flesh-consuming ghouls. Like [NAME] or [NAME].
The State Council said “no arbitrary test hikes,” yet localities turned it into one-size-fits-all…
This guy was interested in me.
Do you know of a strike with greater participation? If so, I'd love to hear of it!
MY DADDY SAID THE CIVIL WAR WUZ ABAOT STATE RIGHTS AND HE'S THA BEST BROTHUR I EVER HAD
I feel like I should be watching #glee, but #glee will just make me cry and I'm trying to remember happy times #glee #glee
well that’s what you get for your bigoted speech
The new @chaseandstatus song is mega 💥 reminds me of @SundownUK #blues #blues
Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @brooke_bridges #lively #musically #lively #musically
He was harsh on the other actors? Have you a source I can check out? I just can‘t remember him badmouthing anyone in particular :/
They are taking advantage of the fact that you found this thread and realized you have to do is one more day until you get it.
Most people should owe money, unless they are driving for way too little pay.
I'm proud that this is the first response I see.
Oof.. :(
that's fine also someone who shit their pants of realization
> If you hear something three times you are eighty percent more likely to believe it than if you only hear it once. Source?
A new apartman will give you peace of mind. Start saving up.
>also seen a few snaps Bad pun...BAD!
What’s this ?the Olympics. Everyone is getting gold. Lol
Deflections don't help your cause.
More like 11 feet up, but still painful.
lmao!!
The medicine is burning  me
There could have been men going that we’re not priesthood holders.
Thanks. I appreciate the candor. I also agree with what you’re saying.
To be fair, expecting sex twice a day, every day is a little ridiculous.
At first view, I thought it was a beer mug seen from above but immediately saw it's a pancake and now I'm just feeling dipshit.
Im so interested in learning more about the Garrison EU.
LE FUCK IM LE OLD!!!!
Take your upvote, you no good bastard.
Damn I lost my keys and I forgot to get the garage opener
You should have asked her out. It would have made her feel better after that and you might have scored a date.
Yeah, and it was 20 years ago and now I feel really old.
That's the only way us [NAME] can successfully learn the hardest language in the world. /s
Any source on the college split the second time that outlines the stats? Interested to see.
Oversleeping always makes me super depressed and even a little nauseous! Even so, I always want to go back to bed.
Please stop your merriment. It is very annoying
It's already the 2nd here, but happy new years! 🎉
You are valued and appreciated
Ok bud. I guess I havent been living my entire life with asthma and have 0 idea about this.
The pool is closed.
is that [NAME] fucking [NAME]
I really applaud you for your patience...
Goth pale is lovely.
And of course you need to make sure it’s boiled over hard with a side of your finest jelly beans, raw.
This is amazing. You look like a video game character whose hair texture hasn't loaded in properly.
Your #smile is always yours, we make it as easy as possible for you to get the best orthodontic care no matter when you need it. #smile
( Notice my toes have nail polish on-that was New Year's resolution # 21 $ ) Then Esm decorated the body tracing.
We have all been there, and wished we didn't. 25 #hilarious #AutoCorrect Fails #hilarious #autocorrect
What happened to your previous account?
K. If you can't see that staffing and turnover are a contributing factor to quality of care then idk what to tell you. Cheers.
You’re trash april. I’m November 2000 actually. Damn we’re old.
Argentina is with you! Be strong comrades!
Does include bad cgi, tho?
It won't make them worse off. GDP is simply irrelevant. Rent and job conditions are what matters.
And yet the next time [NAME] stirs the pot with some stunt like this it'll get major traction AGAIN.
[NAME] I LOVE YOU
Not a deal breaker for me. But it depends on a lot of factors. How and when she takes it and so?
This - people have been saying he’s 5 mins away from impeachment since he got elected, lol.
Of course these are all conspiracy theory shitposts BUT just because he got squeezed out, doesn’t mean they want him playing for a rival team.
Man, I miss those days. LA is pretty much dead now.
I thought everyone hated [NAME].
That’s a fair point. Pretend to be a foreigner than? Haha I don’t know. I wish you luck my friend!
This was the worse night of my life.
searching for what pro and academic writers have to say about #writing #anxiety and #writersblock #writing #anxiety #writersblock
Same here! I thought too long and hard about whether or not la jolla/Encinitas was known as the "treasure coast"
Very very very naive.
>tries to insult [NAME] for wasting time in a stupid thread >is only other person in thread
Thank you so much. I will involve my landlord/Roomie
Don't get too close it's dark inside 🌫🌊
Now this is oddly specific
And I feel [NAME] in this Chili's tonight!
The sudden earthquake took loved ones and homes—may the survivors live better and better 🙏🙏🙏
OK this dude isn't over 16, good luck at prom
There’s a phrase — “colluding in corruption.” That’s the greatest hidden danger of all. The silence of everyone is what’s truly terrifying!
Hi somebody, I'm dad!
So TD tried putting an invisible downvote button for real?? Didn’t stop me from downvoting their idiocy.
That way you’ll get both food and laxative all in one. Sounds like a fair trade to me.
I'm pretty jelly now, lol. Esp. The pear shape 😧
Or the action to take on the bad feeling. As we say in poker, "he made a bad read, and got coolered."
Made my night that @GordonReid91 Reid was included in tonight's hilarity. Some of those points were brilliant. Thanks @andy_murray
I liked [NAME] updated “I thought this was a teaching hospital!”
Oh my goodness.....I'm sorry. It's probably gonna take a long time to cope it.....
>I just hope Lovejoy is back Phrases I'd never expect to hear for $600 [NAME]
I feel like Ted the Sad Sap.
Haha fucking gottem
I love your entire look, from your hair to your pout to the wallpaper (!)
I’m more worried about the dude getting pissed all over my shoes
I'm glad the bears lost, but damn I feel so bad for [NAME]. The entire Chicago fan base will want him dead
no do not destroy [NAME] pope and glorius god emperor will cry :((((
lol i've done the same with the pan flag, one time literally drew it on the sidewalk and explained what it was, somehow nobody got it...
Yup. If they're brazen enough to not give a damn about the law, they're brazen enough to not care about public opinion on them.
Yeah, that’s what I meant. My bad.
@foodfromthesky Hi! I'm curious as to what happened to your growing space in crouch end? Is it just empty?!
If you have a pelvic kidney and some back pain, I know of the perfect hospital in Florida for you.
Dr now looks so dapper in black.
YES [NAME], we're rooting for you! 🎉🎉
It was good, but not great.
He is going to hate 2019...
Talent is important, but without effort, you’ll never succeed. Conversely, hard workers without talent may still achieve success. After all, effort is the foundation. You don’t need to show your effort, but your lack of it is obvious. So: if you lack talent, work hard; if you have it, work twice as hard. Just my opinion — open to discussion, thank you.
Tbh it really is a long name. And pretty unusual for a ring name.
Awesome pic!
Well that's because you're close-minded. But meh. I don't need your respect. ;)
[NAME] wore them today. Trying to be like her crush, [NAME]. It's kind of sweet.
He has been ghosting me whenever I text or call him. I know he has been getting them though. As they are always left on read.
I feel a tad lost without it now that my drive for football has vanished and basketball and hockey simmer one. The show's every night after all.
Lucky for you. I haven't been able to watch Oneyplays since [NAME] and [NAME] left. It's just not the same.
[NAME] death is just so..... senseless. Why? WHY??? The based gods have forsaken us
They probably died anyways
It's also one of the very few decent solo FPS released this year.
Kinda hot tho
I’ve heard them say they are less likely to get a job.
I am friend
I put so much thought into things that often I trigger myself unintentionally. I can be hurt before something has a chance to happen.
12 years, that's it? Psh I've been dating my gf for 20 and engaged for 10 years
I'm a D.Va main at the moment so that one's a check chief.
No, that's how you find the nurses who work at Vanderbilt Medical Center
Good because I've been waiting since September!
Youre gonna be really disappointed when you hear [NAME] track with the guy from Degrassi
Oh, totally mistaken - thanks for correcting me! I had read differently, but maybe that's in other states/cities?
this. faster, same pedaling but way less effort involved.
Okay you've annoyed me, you haven't done a good job there at all. #furious #furious
They don't mean it hurts they mean it's just bad and awkward. It can feel good but is nothing compared to sex with experience.
I wanna fight freely in a Da shitposting, but I want the bromance more.
The EU delusion:why a utopian project was always doomed to failure.
They had courts. You sue people who wronged you.
I’m sorry. It was nothing to be angry about
I'm just glad we'll be getting either [NAME] or [NAME]. They both seem like they'll be beasts and it'll fill our greatest position of need
More accurate, relevant map
lmaooo you're right I did mean [NAME] by that haha "she" lol
I would say cmv and unpopular opinions have ended up being troll platforms, regardless of their intentions.
People you need to look up the definition of protest. What you are doing is not protesting is called vandalism. #angry #stop #angry #stop
Replace smug with thug and you'll see how racist you are
Wait... i was told the revolution happens when a girl rejects all her parents taught her and gives her boyfriend her love....
Lol I collect them too!
I love when people say they aren't racist right before they say some racist shit... Not how that works...
Jewel mint by Pod Juice for sure is the closest thing to mint pods. Don't know anyone who has replicated menthol yet.
I think it could get pretty boring
I get the shivers to this day.
Did I just get called [NAME]? Achievement Unlocked!
I would have to agree. He acts for himself and wants revenge but also cares for and respects life so, chaotic neutral.
I feel like I should cop a bass to fill the void. Drummers seem the hardest to find these days.
Extol is the band that introduced me to progressive metal in the first place, still my favorite genre.
Ugh, this is so beautiful. The richness in those colors. It makes me wanna cry.
Looking through the lives of various figures of the New Atheist movement in the social and political change they sought to create and how it stacked up with reality.
It’s misleading. Better article:
Of course they dropped the ball; that’s what you do on New Years Eve!
You could wish for it to cure stupidity atleast. Obviously it doesnt.
I always thought that dent she caused seemed too real.
Kinda weird after you find out he wrote those songs while thinking about underage girls.
"How did they get away from everyone. "Fillies and gentlecolts,we are gathered here today to honor the nation of England for this Oscar.
@Damn_It_Dillon @SamUndomiel of course! This is a happy hentai, not a sad or gloomy one
Everybody's worried about stopping #terrorism. Well, there's a really easy way: stop participating in it. -  Noam Chomsky #terrorism
Wow, I wonder who's going on about Tahiti in the background.
I fat fingered it haha I meant 18
It frames my face and makes me look rather clownish.
when u havent learned to swim 🤔 but you keep working out so you're denser and less buoyant 😞 but swimming is scary 🤔 but also u cant swim 😞
Thanks, it was no effort at all.
Anti-Vaxer mom: This isn’t supposed to happen, they weren’t supposed to live this long.
damn this comment history is something else did Willy kill your dog or something
I'm so glad you got your angel back. Also she is trying to monopolize DHs free time.
That says to me that he believes you are the issue, not his mother.
Idk, I just need someone who cares but I always lose everyone and I’m sick of trying to be good enough.
This qualifies as emotional neglect. Just, to be clear, that is a form of covert abuse and is not okay or normal.
Today is February 2, a day of double blessings! May your career and fortune rise together, success upon success; may happiness and good luck always accompany you.
*Demolishes Muffins* Thank
it's a joke
Tf is a smartpass+?
How are you punishing him for sneaking food? Why isn't that working? What alternatives have you considered to get him under control?
I'm worried that [NAME] throwing away a future career by running for President.
Did we see the same scene? [NAME] takes it like a champ. You *gain* points for turning her down.
So happy the new rules weren't in place back then. All those hard hits on [NAME] would have made the refs flag-happy
I hate this world.
Im sorry my friends money should be out soon then ill release for all to see
I doubt [NAME] could do make up as well as a drag queen. He's not really good at anything.
That's ignorant as all hell. Tell them to buy their own.
This was actually good until the bird came in.
@DaniQays @AJENews ohh.. so here comes sense from terror supporting stone pelting vandalizing ppl who gather b4 protests to announce ...
I thought they were butt fugly
I AM THE GOLDEN GOD
No ENTP would be such a zealot about anything. This is STJ territory
Had to delete my Facebook too much for me 🤣
I hate u i love u.. best song that describes that
Damn, for real? I'm 250 and drink regularly, if I pound two beers in under a minute I'm good for a little while.
Wow, they charge you to sign in the delivery too? They don’t make us do that in PA.
I just don't like OP for not explaining it before using the abbreviation. So even though the TIFU was great I downvoted it.
I was thinking the same thing as well. Glad to know I'm on the right page.
Congratulations, you did it
#start ur day wit a smile\n#buviobby #start
READ A BOOK YOU FUCKING CROOK.
Oh and just fyi for everyone, the girls are bisexual (obviously haha) and I am Pansexual, though [NAME] thinks she may be Pansexual too 😁
This must be what blasphemy laws felt like in the Middle Ages.
Minus the eyebrows I personally think it’s an attractive look. But the fucking eyebrows ruin it all.
And yet when it comes to hard news several studies have shown that they are the most fair and balanced when it comes to coverage interesting isn't it.
🙄 i hate these people.
If i could just get my line to block! #germantownbroncos #lilleague #popwarner #Broncos #usafootball  #lineman #germantownbroncos #lilleague #popwarner #broncos #usafootball #lineman
I'm not sure losing billions in trade is in anyone's interest other that political zealots.
I'm mad at the injustice, so I'm going to smash my neighbours windows'.  Makes perfect sense. #CharlotteProtest  #charlotteprotest
The purpose of going to school is to discover your talent; the purpose of school is selection — to see what each person can and cannot do. Some people are “all-rounders,” meaning they can do anything. For them, I think they should take on harder challenges — not because they can’t do the easy ones, but because many things most people can’t do are worth pursuing. For someone capable of anything, the true test is choosing the difficult path.
You know I’ve always wondered what this song was about. Thank you.
[NAME] ! Glad that we helped you.
Aww that's so sweet !
And it's hard to dance with a devil on your back\nSo shake him off.
That’s awesome! VPD and the Mounties should do the same here.
Surely the error is lexical. And I think the original comment is poor (non native) idiom use
[NAME] and [NAME] at crunch time. I must be dreaming!
I have a paper yardstick from IKEA in my purse. It has been very helpful for the craziest of reasons.
I wasn’t even expecting the reply that’s why I’m literally bamboozled.
i am about to find the sadness in graham's lyrics
[NAME]. They’re grasping for straws!
The most cringeworthy thing about this is that they have missed a golden opportunity to say pizza time.
I love reading anti gentrification comments. Because they always sound so stupid.
You’ll see why it’s a trap once you see the bill.
Now we play the waiting game.
Either they don’t understand the meta context of it, or aren’t fans of such a meta ending.
quick note about insta stories how the f do you expect me to read a paragraph of a caption in 1 second ????????????
No if we tell and kick and scream and have a tantrum that always works.
@WBIRSports They're still using his offense, up the middle 3X &amp; punt.
[NAME] doesn't do nihilism. She's war ravaged. Ergo she has to recover.
The Melo FA is why I got a Twitter account I was an F5 machine that summer.
Can't believe I've only got 2 days off left 🙄 #backtoreality #raging #backtoreality #raging
A surprise to be sure! But a welcome one
Liberals have become the very thing they accuse everyone else of. Being intolerant and racist.
However, there is someone else who's trying to win my heart.
More like lovely shiny apples and rotten oranges covered with mold.
[NAME] pulling in his inner [NAME]
We roll up to the drive thru and proceed to order nearly the entire dollar menu.
No he didn't lol every ref gives that. He was looking for it but it's still a foul
What they are doing is called Parent Annihilation. Courts take that very seriously.
I am beyond mad that I lost track of a brown spider in my brown carpet. Where did you go? 🕷 will be sneaking up on me #frightened #frightened
It's too bad they don't use that gorgeous high altar.
I never got any waffles either.
You both are 80s kids
Yeah. I killed them both.
Lol yeah I did, that's why specified the killer, for survivor the fun comes from escaping so tunneling feels like shit
this is amazing
thats one impressive car!!
Ah, didn’t know that but can’t blame him. Thanks!
Try wearing something unattractive when that student is around.
Move on. On another note, dont ever send more than one picture. If she wants to see you she can meet up.
This is my bestie's favorite song.
How did he kill u with kobolds btw?i wanna know how this was done.
Your both right and I'd rather have the drink than a rynair flight !
The temperatures in Oymyakon must have slowed down that GIF
[NAME] is a fucking STAR
Probably people being inappropriate and making light that police officers are number 14 on the list of most dangerous jobs in the
The problem with that it would show how the comics end and people would hate that
I loved shooting if we were gay and 6969. The peanut butter took a while, but was worth it
But he is just anti Israel and definitely doesn’t hate [NAME]. /s
That's ironic. Because [NAME] isn't getting the Wall funded, we are pulling more resources off the border blockade effort?
Glad you’re doing better internet stranger, and I hope you continue to know peace and happiness. Be well.
Hey mate, just know that if you need someone to talk to, I'm ready to listen. Hope things will get better for you, anyway.
Yes. "You better settle down over there or I'm gonna come talk to ya."
Ah, alright. Solid lists, but I disagree with appointing a sitting [NAME] with only 2 years under his/her belt.
I really love that game devs are started to put these references in games.
I didn't think I could love [NAME] any more. Is there a central repository for all of these battles
[NAME]? Looks strangely like Five Points to me.
Hey vro!
because he gets fouled 70% of the time with no call
At least he has a chance to grab a railing if he falls.
He closed the stream with a song of hers, while hugging his skele-buddy. It was a good song.
This was literally me!
Tbh, 2020 he would give us another amazing album. This year could still be rushed, but it’s great to see him out and shit
That would really piss them off
You need to look in the mirror if you going to say that [NAME] is overrated yet want to trade him for scrubs like Dedmon
Wwwhhhhyyyyy do they keep forcing [NAME] down our throats. [NAME]!
I'm strong 'cause I'm weak\nI'm beautiful 'cause I know my flaws\nI'm fearless 'cause I've been afraid\nI can laugh 'cause I've known sadness..
How old are you? Could have vaginal polyps. My wife had them and would bleed when we would have sex
Honestly this would fall significantly more in their capabilities of being witnesses from an Orthodox standard TBH
And you got it, a federal tax cut. If you want to pay less taxes overall you need to stop electing democrats.
You boys dint know the game am I the game... life after death... better chose and know who side you on before my wrath does come upon us😤😤😤
We’re playing like 2019 Real Madrid, nothing unusual!
Thanks that's very helpful because I can't seem to decifer all of the levels of irony in some posts on this subreddit haha.
I appreciate it! I spent a lot of time crafting a story I wanted to tell.
But at least you could Get to [NAME] more quickly.
Yes, [NAME] doesn't like situations where he can't buy a victory.
It was never about comparisons, it was about our experiences and relationship to capitalists here.
I like you. You're smart, cheeky, and funny. Well played.
It freaked my uncle right the hell out.
He looks like the son of [NAME] and [NAME].
There's always that one song which makes you turn of the radio, as you'd rather sit in silence 😡 #awful #awful
[NAME], Oh yeah maybe I should lock the door to the bridge as part of my mutiny.
@GreggDoyelStar I'm sure you'll have a heyday if they do
Feel you pain. Stay strong
35-55 a week. no health restrictions, just eat what I feel like
First of all, sorry for your loss. Keep in mind that funerals are for the people still alive not the person who has just died.
I swallowed a piece of meat, it sort of suctioned to the back of my throat.
I want the Bears to get to the Superbowl because they haven't won one in three decades and my dad is a lifelong Bears fan.
“Internet celebrity” now means vulgar, low-IQ, shameless. The word itself feels cheap.
Overwhelming sadness.  This too shall pass.  #lonley #startingover #lonley #startingover
So like most of the pros you got more time to play blackout. Which is the only good thing about this game.
What is the reason you 2 have only been on 1 date in a whole year? Why cant you just 'see' each other in person?
Ugh, the learning curve for hurdles has to be a painful one... kudos for finishing. Last couple falls probably destroyed her knees.
How does that work on joystick though? Never played on console, is this still a problem?
Dam 😣 that was awesome!
Whaaaaaaat the heck was that?
@Blancalanka96 thought it'd be fun and it is not fun but on the bright side I don't have to fight for parking
Good [NAME] she needs to stop
Those mindsets are extremely dangerous to our democracy.
Ah what a good start
@rkuuleiq Fear is best/beast product of God/s. :) #aTheism #theism #biBle #afraid #christianity #hell #heaven #purgatory #psychology #jesus #atheism #theism #bible #afraid #christianity #hell #heaven #purgatory #psychology #jesus
this is so sad Alexa play despacito
Huge congrats to my friends at @VoidMovie on the #USAPREMIERE tomorrow! #film #horror #thevoid #featurefilm #scaryshit #usapremiere #film #horror #thevoid #featurefilm #scaryshit
I like it! It kinda feels like new territory, almost more real than old reality shows. It’s funnier and lighter too
I'm here for you😄😜
The father clearly ran away lol
It was the largest defeat since the 20s wasn’t it? Soz am only now catching up so may have misunderstood
Really well said.
I understand now...if it's not pleasing to the ear...then it ain't what you want! I'm so so tired!!
It depends... I understand if someone banns the champ in ranked.. but in normals i agree
Ok I'm pro-vax and totally uninformed, but 7 shots in a 2-day span seems like a lot, is that normal?
If you're in the Arrowverse, stay away from [NAME] and [NAME]. Swipe motherfucking **left**.
Amen to that!
Woooooo theres the boeser we know and love
photos taken moments before tragedy
ok thanks I'll give it a read and try to fact check
Dang something actually useful rather than a skin we won't use cuz we already have Belzebub
*blinded by the shill* I know like 2 people unfortunately..
Omg more than anything I want to see [NAME] block a game winner from [NAME].
I bet he paid, AND requested this masterpiece
Our tone of voice: we're like One Direction, we're thoughtful and timid, yet playful
was one moron  driving his oversize tonka truck with the big flag in the bed back and forth blaring country music. 😐 #disappointment #disappointment
Here in America too. Those counter protesting fascist get thrown in jail and pepper sprayed like animals. It makes no sense that this happens.
What in the hell are you talking about? I've never said that
The second entry of today: / my brain hurt for answering 30 math question in one day.
Nice to see Balotelli back to his best, good player.. Just lost his way a bit!
It’s a self fulfilling prophesy. They know things are getting more violent because they are looking to make them that way.
This is honestly hilarious and will remain hilarious.... dare I say, forever!? Well done [NAME].
There are worse things!!!:
I do this everyday... lol
Brilliant! I have absolutely no idea what's going on.
I have no idea. I always imagined it was purely retail workers that browsed and posted here, but I might be wrong in this instance.
I'll definelty look into this, thank you for the advice and kind words :)
Haha you have a cut on your face you must be the worst person who ever lived.
And then everyone clapped and cheered.
Agreed. How do you feel about the rumors that he doesn't pick any girl as an endgame?
nice try, [NAME]
Then just tell him to stop it if you don't like it.
Really? It was clearly an accident.
Theme of week: Ask the Lord for strength &amp; perspective to persevere in #integrity and effort, despite being #disheartened &amp; disappointed. #integrity #disheartened
No scratch. Weird. It's almost like she just popped her pimples and smeared the blood. 🤔
I thought it was still in theaters.
I just never felt like a boy. I hate my body and I just feel like I can't express myself for who I am.
@tootaehyung omggg i'll be bloated then ;;-;; but it's a wonderful idea i'll start doing it tomorrow!!
I have serious problems with the expectation that private philanthropy should replace functional government services...this is dangerous
Cheers, girl! But yeah, he could return her, but no refund or exchanges for him!
Not sure that men can handle a woman that's got her crap together. #intimidation #independent #intimidation #independent
Impossible to do this with any consistency, and like the other poster mentioned confronting the fare evaders often results in these dangerous situations.
[NAME] is the name I heard speculated on, but the reality is it'll be [NAME].
@honevbee close up shots of my ugly mug as I continue to talk about Blaine years after glee has been dead
r/choosingbeggars boy is it frustrating yet hilarious
[NAME], like people making minimum wage are worried about 10% off at their Walmart.
Considering that the majority of people who play poker still open limp, I'm surprised these posts aren't more common.
It's been over a decade since consoles decided to mandate wireless controllers and I'm still annoyed by it.
Sharing with 3 other people was the worst part of hospital for me, fine in the daytime but at night I was barely able to sleep.
You can always kneel.
I’m actually not! From USA, sadly. 🙃 Edited to add: unless you didn’t mean me, then I apologize!
I miss being practically jello as a kid
dude that stadium was lit as fuck 🤣🤣🤣 were about to embrace the tank like never before
@jccrocker #CharlotteProtest do u #wait 4 the facts #video or do u #hate now ask questions later #sad #protest #PoliceShootings #suggestions #charlotteprotest #wait #video #hate #sad #protest #policeshootings #suggestions
I didn't know until a couple months ago. I'm 41. I know exactly what you mean.
Screaming at this reply
It’s Woosh with 4 o’s r/woooosh (The most popular one)
*laughs in Panama Papers*
@FoxNews also we are having riots and protests at alarming rate every time there's a person of color that is shot.
If you can make a mini portal gun that would be awesome. But nonetheless, great work!
Shit's going down in Zim. 6 people killed yesterday by army and over 200 arrested.
I heard about that too
> lettuce prey! Sound like a hun motto
@priny_baby happppy happppyyyyyy happppppyyyyy haaapppyyyy birthday best friend!! Love you lots 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖🎉🎊 #chapter22 #bdaygirl  #love #chapter22 #bdaygirl #love
I think most people have listened to bohemian rhapsody at some point thank you very much
👍 excellent! I was wondering if anyone else knew this little known nugget from history.
Lolol yes taking over the world if there weren’t so few of you! Pot meet kettle- INFJ A5 here 😶.
Anyway we can get [NAME]?
No switch , option c) everyone comes together and wins in the good spirit of non-toxic competative overwatch
I've been in China for years. I love it. Great job, apartment and love my city. I've never had a single problem
And now I regret not applying when they opened one in my town even more now. Good times.
Damn, I’m speechless and furious... Guangzhou’s been struggling with COVID this long, and they’re playing games???
/* Consciousness Level */ The Other is confused The Other is dumb <-- you are here The Other is evil
SG12, spitfire, rampart, titan and saug.
**Who would win:** a team of 10+ moderators with libertarian principals or one person with a Python programming environment?
I'll have to start paying attention to the Diamondbacks now. Hope he does well out there!
which always leads to the kind of hilarity average people will never experience - especially during breakups.
Wow... Mid 2000's this would of been a way better follow up to Space Jam and probably just as if not more popular.
Just because some people troll him on Twitter and get literally no retweets or interactions, he'll surely change his way of directing...
@realDonaldTrump negative campaign of doom and gloom don't win elections
Understanding of human nature has. Believe it or not, people thousands of years ago might not have understood the world perfectly.
I'm gonna say that I hate Randazzo's because of their terrible icing. Haydel's is decent and ships.
I like picking beans with grandma.
Same. OP go hug your mom and tell her she matters to you and your brother. Support and love would be your best bet.
@TaraSetmayer @oliverdarcy AA have the right of passage when it comes to the 'N' word.  Why should he insult him in his church.  Ignorant!
His work schedule is pretty consistent so I should be able to move out when he's at work. Thanks for your advice.
Where did they film it?! Is it at real Pine Gap? Love the show, binged first season one eve😍
[NAME] wouldn't breathe the same air as an anti vaxxer, don't slander her like this.
I feel the same
oh my [NAME]. it was hurting my brain. i only saw the disappearing boot and thought i was missing something.
@EBled2 Great to have you as our tournament chair and award was #serious #serious
We have no other winger bro....
@InfluensterVox @irontekfit I love my #IronTekFit protein shake in the morning before yoga! #ESVoxbox #irontekfit #esvoxbox
I don’t really have much to say. There’s a bad idea, and there’s straight up disgusting.
[NAME] had a job. One of the participants was a food educator! I forgot her name.
AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO USE ALL CAPS TO GET YOUR POINT ACROSS!!!
I literally love Paul so much #BB19 #pissed 😂 #bb19 #pissed
They both do! Like wow!!!
Hey, thank you, I hope your issue has resolved also :)
Oh, cool. That’s the TF all the little kids like nowadays.
As long as blind luck exists, there is no upper limit on stupidity.
Nobody has the money to. What a joke
@twlldun @bbcquestiontime @JacobReesMogg @leicesterliz @normanlamb @CarolineLucas @JuliaHB1 Oh god, not Brewer again. The horror, the horror
If you think NOED is OP, use small game, if small game is bad, your argument is invalid.
Haha. Dried fruit is partially how I got fat again.
I’m The Avocado™️
Get [NAME] back on the wing. Looks awful in this position
Doesnt the bible have lovely passages about stoning hereticals as well? Moderate [NAME] are probably more common than you think.
OMG I looked at this they're coming I can hear the boots.
The only people eating it are impotent or ignorant foriegners.
I like this. I like this a lot.
Duh, but it should also make it understandable why many people don’t.
please stop pointing your fingers in my face
Lol, pretty sad that even in your fake revenge fantasies you come across as a huge asshole.
Idk, the Teen Mom subs are bad for this too. Really bad.
This is a rough sport we follow. Simply training makes you pay the price.
Heroin definetley isn't safer than Ritalin. The whole reason people prefer prescription drugs are because they are cleaner, thus safer
So are leftists ones. You will get banned for disagreeing with someone REEEEing at trump.
California Adventure has beer so I'm fuckin living the dream.
I got cousins who were missionaries to Venezuela in the [NAME] years. They have not been shy about their opinions on this matter. They support the rebels.
Really don't want my mom to go back home 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢 😢  #gutted #crying #miserable #why #gutted #crying #miserable #why
Maybe I’m unsure of that
I mean... if you want we can probably create some existential dread.
You had a tough childhood :(
We've sucked ever since he got here. Just saying
I thought maybe the warmth of my skin could coax the color back into existence.
It's sad when your man leaves work a little bit late and your worst fear is 'Oh no!! Did he get stopped by the police?!?! ' #sad #ourworld #sad #ourworld
I hate waking up. Being asleep doesn’t last long enough. Being asleep is so peaceful.
And I for one welcome our new meme overlords.
Oh.... We're still doing this ? Even after [NAME]?
There is no greater form of oppression than being called a bigot. #debateme #babyhitler #otherpeoplesbabies #debateme #babyhitler #otherpeoplesbabies
Honestly, this is hilarious. Did he reply?
Okay thanks for the advice!
@JessicaZ00 @ZRlondon ditto!! Such an amazing atmosphere! #PhilippPlein #cheerleaders #stunt #LondonEvents #cheer #philippplein #cheerleaders #stunt #londonevents #cheer
@praddy06 sir.. will we have the need for umbrella today evening.. sun seems to be stronger to pave way for clouds.. 😟
Thanks, I love it.
That’s what I suspected. Will be interesting to see if they can steal some wins against the top teams in the league.
Wow, your posting history is a real... interesting ride.
Eastern suburbs, the mullet never went out of fashion.
If you know anything about those sources then either you understand the dismissal or we aren't going to agree.
every time a new Anthony Weiner revelation breaks, Bill Clinton says a prayer of thanks that texting/DMing didn't exist in his heyday.
Thanks for not answering my question. :)
Yeah, you can. I know people who've done it. Maybe not in your city? Regions do vary.
Fuck is exactly what she's good for
Wine with egg & FISH??? GROSS!!!
The House comes and goes every few years. Judges hang on until they die. Congrats on the House.
nah it takes it a lot more than one time, I reckon you'll be fine considering your aware of the risk
I didn't have an umbrella and got wet but it's so damn humid still it's all stanky feeling outside.
I’m so glad someone linked it. You’re doing the important work. 🤣
I can’t wait until they start coloring in between the lines all the way up to their noses.
Work on your anxiety and self-esteem. Do things for YOU. Love yourself.
I think it may be interesting if the public could vote for films.
@dish_answers I've contacted @dish @dish_answers #awful #service #whathappenedtocustomerservice #awful #service #whathappenedtocustomerservice
Ok what other characters is her gameplay similar to?
How early is everyone leaving tomorrow?
We just had a teacher do that at my school. I don't know who wiped the kids butts though
What a nice moment. Being in nature is super helpful to me for these moments :)
That escalated quickly.
Too hungry for that money.
I can't believe people wanted to trade him. [NAME] is unbelievable, so glad he's on our team
Funny how that works! Thanks for digging up the link, I've been on a 90s ska nostalgia trip ever since I clicked it :P
[NAME] damn that apron bump looked like it sucked
As someone who live less than a hour where she’s from, it’s definitely fabricated/exaggerated.
Nkd is a very good brand they have amazing flavors
She's turkish
I’ve always wondered why they play at ear splitting volume instead of one where you can enjoy the music.....
No since parries read the heavy press, not the release.
I #cry out #fear to clear a #path\nBut my Voice seems 2 silent 2 chase a #rat\nAm just indoor #expecting to open door\na #weak wise #fool I am #cry #fear #path #rat #expecting #weak #fool
Can’t let go of you — ordinary yet special, threads entangled in my heart 💚💚💚
Valid. That shit right there is valid as hell.
His video is definitely against the rules.. He literally asks people to spam oh yeah yeah everywhere
Ah, the other kind of dog.
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen. ~ George Orwell, 1984
jelly baby is my favourite insult
Wow you summed it up perfectly. Where can I find one of these rare specimens?
I repent. I repent. Oh [NAME] [NAME], I do repent.
I won’t dwell on success — since I’ve chosen the journey afar, I’ll press on through wind and rain; I won’t fear the chill behind me — even if the goal is the horizon, I’ll leave only my silhouette to the world.
@ESPNLosAngeles best segment so far by @marcelluswiley @Kdubblive  hilarity
I hate y'all too
Yo you USA? I’m on pc and want some people to play bo3 with.
Locals line up daily too, sometimes over two hours. Only elders and kids get priority — never locals.
I just rewatched season 5. My god, I had forgotten how horrible [NAME] is.
I love this show!!
I kept them and wish I hadn't. A pain to get rid of the further removed you are.
Let’s beat these Lakers!
If I have to watch Canada lose in a shootout I'm gonna lose it
They buy energy from 'energy generators' and sell it to you the customer.
Thanks, dude. It means a lot : ) Hope you have a great week.
She is using you for money. You already lost her
@rosalarian i hate post con blues! But i avoided the plague too yay!! Yay constant hand sanitizer!!!
Being a jerk and believing yourself to be right or the victim creates a messy mind.
I completely agree, someone would take a flier on the kid.
Im color blind, i usually see blue as purple and red as green soo...
don't we all hate them?
The rhyme scheme is amazing
Now you’re getting it
What happened? I can’t stop thinking about this post. Her poor family. Those kids. 😢
man whenever [NAME] talks i feel like a deaf person because well I just can't hear shit
I mean she’s barely into college so she’s only maybe 18-20 but to be this oblivious is pretty sad.
Really should be twenty three year olds.
Skipping rubber bands, tossing stones, marbles, folded paper shapes, hide-and-seek, picking wild fruit, catching loaches, flipping cards, shuttlecock, making kites, bamboo water guns — and winter snowball fights till my fingers ached in tears.
When a dog brinks you it's toy, that's the sweetest thing it can do :)
Every time [NAME] is in one of these things, I keep remembering that Trinity Soul exists. It was not a very memorable show.
I need to keep that one in my back pocket
Don't think you should be nominated for Breakout and Best of the year but whatever.
Bit odd because plan B was exactly the same as plan A.
Yeah after an hour he started walking and eating. But for now he’s staying inside my home for the week
Exactly, doesn't matter what he or any other expert says. They refuse to listen.
I think we have the same grinder. Love the bong!
Is this real? 🤔
Out of curiosity, what will he be working on and how is it different from your role?
I can't believe offense blew such - oh nevermind.
Penis enlargement? Or reduction? If it’s something serious I apologize for the inappropriate comment, and good luck hopefully everything goes smoothly.
So much lonely
[NAME], you’re 12. Go do your homework instead of trying to be edgy on the Internet.
Can it be 10 PM so I can sulk in my tub while listening to Lana
Thank you for the archived link, I have a NYT paywall .
Martin Roth leaving V&amp;A shoes the effects of #Brexit: bright and talented foreigners made to feel unwelcome and leaving U.K. #c4news #brexit #c4news
[NAME] Immediately thought of you when I saw this thread. Can’t stop laughing. But. I’ll wear yours someday and no others
She should kick him out... next best thing from abortion.
Yeah, I really thought [NAME] would take his game to the next level coming here, not a big step back. Hopefully consistency will help him out.
when my friend introduced me to [NAME] i was only 7 or 8
The person becomes extremely powerful
virtual hugs, OP!
Time flies—blink and it’s been 14 years since the Wenchuan earthquake. Remember history, mourn the lost.
Hey [NAME], [NAME] here
Thanks, I sort of bought myself the leadership role with that little stunt I pulled. I will do my best.
I'll admit. I wanted to be upset because I don't identify as a feminist, but also that dress is super cute omg you are very talented
Maybe it's similar to how [NAME] hates cantaloupe.
🍀💖 Wish you a shining career path 🌟 We’ll always follow and support you 🍃🍃
[NAME] lol, took me a second too Edit: it appears Iowa has multiple sacks
Key that we keep welcoming ~~young~~ international tech talent to London.
The Beatles weren't even close to being "in the past" when they broke up.
The [NAME] directed Swiss Army Man. Check out their music video for Turn Down for What. It’s lovely.
LOL, level up your life. My life is already at up level :))
Thanks for reminding me not to have kids
Nope. Don't need rewards at all.
Found the militant long time Southwest employee? ...and if not, I am constantly amazed at what random people will get mad about these days.
Don’t you want to raise awareness, you need to do at least one chiro out there who is in need of immediate care).
Good answer. Thanks for taking the time.
[NAME] is pretty af
what is cringe about this?
Holy shit I was so anxious reading this. I’m so sorry
Superfluous? No, just give what you said would be necessary in 2006!
Congratulations puppy, here have some cake.
I wouldn’t mind [NAME] on a 4 year contract
Oh man, I remember loving that movie. Been a while ssince I've seen it but I remember being pretty enthralled.
Got damn look at that body
Didn’t they change his name and give his younger brother his original name? I think they did this is Game of Thrones too.
only suckers believe this don't be a sucker
Well with how often the VPD turns a blind eye downtown I promise you vigilante justice is coming.
I lowkey think they been messing around. It wasn’t a “oops we were drunk moment”. 🤔🤨🧐
I was so distracted by a her piercings, I almost missed her *eye*....
I thought that was more for women? I used to be on r/antinatalism but there were too many eugenics advocates.
I actually did talk to him. You can see his response to me, I linked to it in a comment. He called me a land whale.
congratulations :o)
Damn Replays was pretty solid last year. But maybe he should go back to coaching.
Ffs 🙈 when things come back to haunt you... cringe bad cringe 🙋🏼👀🔫 👈 what a terrible gun that is
[NAME] HIMSELF COULD NOT SINK THIS SHIP!!!
Dive into that sweet sweet goodness, buddy. View the meetup the woman being lucky to be around you, and it gets much easier.
Really curious to know how you know what people are going to think in 500 years, you ass.
Nice catch.
Better stay out of trouble or they might send you off to a jihadi madrasah girls school
Shhh don't give them the idea!
Man that's making me reconsider not buying his jersey...
I've read an optimum of 3 years between live births and to wait 12 months if there is a miscarriage before trying again.
How else can you boil water in prison
Getting some sick high school nostalgia from this shot. Thanks for that man!
Haha yea few cars drive worse than a Versa. Aside from performance, what are some must haves/wants?
@GambieRanger @David__Osland which is why a leader who is encouraging his supporters to deselect is such a concern for many of us.
My favorite new fan! Glad to see you here! Rest up and get ready for the Friday game.
It sucks to get resigned to living with trolls. I still want to live to see a world without them.
This is gonna get worse before it gets better.
-_- GOOD FOR YOU.
Here's another message "You're a good mom. Your boy is lucky to have you."
@p0stcap I've still been trying to sort through it all, but I suppose I also shouldn't have had such high expectations. #sadness #sadness
It could be worse. We could get [NAME] or that Philly traitor [NAME] back.
Done, sorry about missing that before.
I’m tired of these stupid posts. Stop trying to become a meme. You’re ruining this sub!
thank you! he’s a boob and his wife is a fool...
Lol no, you said that it isn’t called swinging anymore so I was curious as to what partner swapping was called now.
I was once married and now I live alone. Some weekends, I don’t speak to anyone and don’t go out. Pure heaven.
I love cars, but bullshit on different laws for different people
the real crime would be to not finish what we started!
@Tjsotomayor snow pig,  that's hilarious. Lmaooo
Thank you for not just writing some bullshit and actually being creative. Followed this sub for scary ideas but usually get cliche garbage. So Again, thanks
Looks to sweet, you should eat more greens.... 👇😎👇
I personally resent the RCA's centralization of conversion authority within the orthodox world. That's what I meant. Unrelated, I love your flair.
you'd have to help them get past [NAME] extremely tough immigration process
I agree w that.
Inadequacy slithers from her ears and wraps itself around her neck like the boys she wants to love her. #mpy #vss #quote #depression #poetry #mpy #vss #quote #depression #poetry
Such season 1 vibes and I love it.
@Spacekatgal @outmagazine Its okay to be trans just rejoice with the trans in the trans way. By the way it's not your business, so why care?
Lots of words and said nothing. Cheers.
She has pretty hair.
I read this place obsessively and didn't see it, so I'm enjoying it and upvoting it anyway
Yep, and because you do, you’re going on the highway to hell
Thanks so much for sharing! I really appreciate you sharing your thoughts and helping me feel less alone. I too hope that it gets better for you!
I'd also report to the post office... and next time these nasty neighbors come-give them the number to call and complain.
@5ftanomaly aside from that i'm all about pleasing the individual that i'm involved with, my pleasure comes from their pleasure.
Yeah, that one. I forgot the name earlier.
I loved Auntie Yang’s Black Afternoon as a kid — it deeply showed disaster’s pain and warmth. I’ll always remember that dark afternoon and cherish her works.
Can’t believe we’re letting [NAME] go. So much energy since he’s come on.
Lol, I’m so sorry for u. Do u go down on her a lot? If so she need to give something too...
Fix their pay algorithm, the app, rating system, and hire more Dasher support representatives.
They've provided plenty of evidence that you have only supported so far.
I knew there is always an Orochi, even in a [NAME] vs [NAME] duel. Hiding, waiting...
I picked up smoking again thinking it would aid that void that is working. It just made it worse.
You've summoned me too soon Executus!
Elly's is dog friendly for brunch.
Democrats never had complete control, that is a common misconception/lie.
Hardly heard anyone I know talk about it but Damnation was amazing.
#ahs6 every 5 minutes I've been saying 'nope nope I'd be gone by now.' 'MOVE' or 'GTFO' so thank you for the  #ahs6
My daughter just took hers (and failed but not surprisingly). It cost her $125.00.
Just take antidepressants that take away the urge completely
The master will not be pleased.
He is holding you hostage. Sad state of affairs.
Precisely this. I don't see why this is such a hard concept for some people to grasp.
You sweet summer child...
I knoooow like why do people exist just to make things worse I’m so tired of all these alts/ weird question askers
Paid $1.66 in Arlington today....love this
wow it’s literally disgusting that you’re getting downvoted for pointing out that she abuses her kids. this is the society we live in, eugh
It’s also dangerous to be riding a motorcycle waiting behind a stationary car if another car isn’t paying attention and slams into you.
Ive felt surprisingly gloomy about my bad scouts today :'D but i recognize that it's all just RNG and yeah I didnt spend that many gems
The best part about reading brietbart articles is you know they won't give any facts to support their statement.
This is a joke @SomersetCCC
They will most likely be branded as PKK symphatizers by Turkish media. Which sucks because next time something like this happens some of them might get shot
The deer had been hit by a car and it was only fitting not to let the skin go to waste
Ah ok well I have completed my bachelors degree so I’ll look into subbing as well.
I'm glad you could relate and that you also found some peace and resolution in your relationship. I'm glad we didn't give up!
But after blinking my eyes for a few times lepas tu tampar-tampar muka sikit, memang sah la yang penghantar itu Hanis Zalikha.
The best part of this day, Jesus, is to snuggle up in your embrace...to rest in your arms and know you love me...💙❤ #sweetEmbrace  #sweetembrace
surprised he hasn’t mentioned [NAME] after saying [NAME] the best manager/coach he’s ever worked with
I'm not talking about [RELIGION] anymore though...
I remember that one. I to found a special fondness for vacuums after that.
How often are parents like that? I’m legit curious.
I'm so effin' proud of you! You handled it beautifully!
Yep. Learned my lesson this time.
You went from hot to hot, that’s crazy!
She better not die
Cool! Tell me more about yourself---PM me if you're more comfortable.
LOL. The one in the bed, when [NAME] is walking in with the candle. It was just awkward.
This is the best Cowboy Story Arch.
@wizkidayo Bro u just dey burst my brain Bro I need u 2 pls end everything rift BTW u nd my hommie davido pls Bro 4 d sake of luv.
I refuse to read him any more. Just another [RELIGION] man getting a slap on the hand & a cover up job.
Wow I’ve never seen that one and I love it! Could you share the picture?
[NAME] and [NAME] knew all along
$13,99 in Canada. It's reaching a price where I may also do a few months at a time and then cancel for a few months.
"are you related?" "No" "Are you <more specific type of related>?"
Thanks, I hope I can get through it too. Good luck with your futile attempts to sleep :p
The fucking worst game in the world.
Hey friendo nothing down here but there are ALL SORTS of interesting smells!
@Aliki111 Haters!!! You are low in self worth. Self righteous in your delusions. You cower at the thought of change. Change is inevitable.
I remember being a kid and everything I did was haraam like even looking at people was haraam :/
I am literally dumbstruck. Reality has been brought into question. Top tier YouTube comments though.
Yeah thanks.
Deal with Xi’an’s return-home situation first — everyone’s travel code has an asterisk, and Xianyang’s Xingping City uses that to turn people away, even from low-risk areas.
That's true deep voices are sexy.
Protesting in general is an emotional response. People’s attachment to their cause grows stronger in the face of confrontation and adversity.
[NAME] was actually asked whether he’s peaked by a Philly sportswriter last season. His response was pretty interesting:
> The porn that I downloaded was Brazzers produced. In case you don't know, Brazzers is ***anal*** about their IP. Ha get fucked.
Interesting topic this evening...  sadness &amp; low mood. #MHChat #mhchat
>I clearly have no fuck I clue what I'm doing hire someone
Back in the seventies and eighties we all did this and it was no big deal.
Really feeling you today.
Everyone is reporting about it on TV. Was cool to see the highlight.
Expecting for him to turn this situation into a net positive, by taking the lead on this widespread issue.
How many of these people are from the original Lucasfilm? Before Disney's takeover? Does anyone know?
This should be on r/Unexpected oh wait...
We had obviously done this before, but this time something was different.
Yeah I'm not arguing there isnt recreational potential though it can certainly mess you up. Doesn't help most products with dxm have other active ingredients.
He looks like [NAME] in Jackass 2 when they glued pubes to his face.
Too bad it's the wrong kind of blows!!!
Incorrect. I'll go with what [NAME] tells me thanks.
I was thinking this too! People are so quick to jump on the beauty guru witch hunt
We still ended up with [NAME] at the draft though.
I agree! I loved him as [NAME] and I wish the writing had been better. He's amazing.
Don't beat yourself up, you'll find the strength to be above other people's scheming.
Thanks! I appreciate the kind words :)
All sound advice. I still hate the ult when it kills me by a small hair.
Alot of friends and family make that or less. It's pretty crazy.
They were just gonna do a review parody of their favorite movie. What’s hard to understand?
@morgannbroom yes ❤️❤️ &amp; cheering homecoming game!
Thanks. Some of the things just require a little tweaking so really I don’t think it’ll be too hard.
C'mon [NAME]! If you get this done quickly, the sooner [NAME] can begin.
Touche lol. Ours usually comes back pretty quickly, I think this is the longest it's been out.
What the frick. I ordered a x box card
That proposed sub name took me way too long to figure out .
Please tell me that's not real... I haven't played the Assassin's Creed games... But do they really include such an obnoxious disclaimer?
The bubble has officially burst. 98 boys to beat for the trophy and all the glory #wptmain #bye #wptmain #bye
Yeah usually I’m defensive around people I don’t know casually walking around with things that could be powerful weapons.
This is fucking hilarious
I dunno. Seems pretty meh
Broooooo Just cause I can use my PC to play Earthbound doesn’t mean I don’t want it on my TV
Yes, he's really pushing the Devils to new heights.
No. Everyone going through the temple that day -- living and for the dead -- all got the same name.
Is it any different to the poorer suburbs out west? I feel like it's only noticed because it's so close to the city.
If [NAME] goes back to the Nationals their lineup and rotation are going to be nasty! I'm still hoping he lands outside of the division.
Your posts cause cancer.
Your mental gymnastics are absolutely astounding
Thanks for the clarification
The leader of the revolutionaries would be exploiting the labor of the revolutionaries below him!
yes they do, and I am glad that you were able to change hers.
Whatever you do, don't give your virginity to anyone. You will regret it if you give it up cheaply.
Pet-sitting is over, didn't know I was lonely without a doggo until now.
why is everybody seem sp serious?
You can cross fuck off, its 10f all winter in wisconsin.
Guilty Gear actually did that before with Guilty Gear Isuka. It was, uh...not good. Really fuck-awful, actually.
One of my favorite episodes.
Texans and Astros both shut out tonight. Houston, we're back to normal. #texans #Astros #sadness #losers #texans #astros #sadness #losers
